To sum this up: when we are unjustly wounded by men, let us overlook their wickedness (which would but worsen our pain and sharpen our minds to revenge), remember to mount up to God, and learn to believe for certain that whatever our enemy has wickedly committed against us was permitted and sent by God’s just dispensation. (Calvin – Institutes 1.17.8)
It has been a long summer, with the hot, humid weather persisting up until this last week of September. With the air conditioning on, the windows have been shut tight, occasionally being opened at night when the temperatures promise to be below 90 degrees.
Or hath he spoken and shall he not make it good”.
So My day consisted of pretty much nothing except doctors offices yesterday. What an annoying process! Through the course of some changes this past year, our little family has been blessed with double coverage insurance for a few months. WOO-HOO, right! I was totally pumped about this in the beginning, even jokingly wishing that something big but minor and non life threatening would happen to myself of the husband.(spare the kids right?) I wanted to use this double insurance, I imagined in my mind how incredibly satisfying it would be to not only whip out 2 insurance cards at the receptionist desk but to see that infamous doctor bill come back with the words printed at the bottom...You owe this amount...$0.00!!! I jokingly said these things for the first week we had this glorious double coverage... that is until I got a phone call from my husband late one evening after out practicing for his upcoming snowmachine, or snowmobile race for all of you in the rest of the world. We call it a snowmachine up here in the great north, and no I don't mean it makes snow!!! Anyways he called me and said that he had good news and he had bad news....UH_OH. The good news was he was still alive and the bad news was that he thought he may have broken his back!!!! Yeah...joking OVER! I said I wanted minor...non life threatening!!! Funny thing as we were hobbling him into the ER he looked at me and said..."this is your fault". I said" WHAT! How is this my fault!" He replied with a smile on his face," you are the one who wanted to use this double coverage insurance!" HAHA.... quite the jokester. A few hours later, a lot of tests, and a hefty bill that I didn't have to pay any of I might add... He was released with a clean bill of health, just major bumps and bruises and maybe a cracked rib or two, no broken back...THANK YOU LORD! Ok, Ok ... back to why I was in the doctor all day yesterday... being the thrifty bargain mommy that I am, our double coverage ends the end of the month and being the horrible procrastinator I am I waited until now to get all dentist, doctor and whatever else I could think to squish into this last month! Frustrating though because you never walk out of the doctor office being done, we are always referred to another specialist or need another X-ray or something. It seems to be just an on-going process. GRRRR.... I guess it's ok with me as long as we get it all done by the end of the month, and the bottom of the page says, You owe this amount...$0.00!!! HAHA!
A: No. Stirred can be read and enjoyed without any knowledge of our previous titles.
Gabriel’s book helped me see a different aspect of life with the many stories in his book. His words inspired me to create a picture which may go on to inspire others in some way. This is how the Holy Spirit or the Life-force works with its power of love. Gabriel Ezutah loves to write and his words can be inspirational. I love to paint and maybe some will find inspiration in the pictures I create. This is an example of how love works to brighten the lives of those who come in contact with us and the work we love to do.
Since its passage in 2005, Florida’s “stand your ground” law has protected people in circumstances similar to the possible sequence of events in the Trayvon Martin-George Zimmerman case, reports the Tampa Bay Times. The newspaper cites cases in which people pursued others, initiated a confrontation, and then used deadly force to defend themselves.
However, I think the naysayers are onto something. Unschooling does allow kids to exist outside of reality - at least, one particular type of reality. Let's reframe the arguments above from a feminist perspective:
They're all interesting questions and I'm glad to see something genre that isn't backing away from them or cloaking them in so much symbolism and alien hoohah that they're unrecognizable to the naked eye or casual observer. That said, I'd also like some fairly basic storyline questions to be asked at this point: no-one seems all that concerned about infection, for example. Or where the zombies came from. Or where they're going. Or how they behave. Aren't these questions that a group hoping to survive for more than the next ten minutes should really be looking to?
The media alone are not alone in keeping the facts from the public. Republicans, for reasons unknown, don’t seem to know what it is to counter-attack. They deserve to lose.
Connee sang from a wheelchair – or seated position – during her entire career, due to either a childhood bout with polio or a childhood accident (sources differ). The general public was not aware of her condition although Boswell herself did not keep this secret. During World War II, she tried to get involved with the U.S.O. tours but was not given permission to travel overseas. The Army thought it might not be a morale-booster to have a singer who used a wheelchair perform for the troops.
My sense (from watching body language, listening to sources, and reading between the media lines) is that, rather than face reality and be radical about how the European single market should now change for the good of its citizens, three denial systems are in play: these are (1) it’s all over, let’s cling on and wait for debt forgiveness (the ClubMeds); (2) we’re up the creek, let’s cling on to Germany’s coat-tails (France); and (3) The rest of this Union are clearly useless so now we’ll have to take control (Germany).
13 Joan
I toyed with putting this in the last category along with the other 3 worst movies I saw this year. I know it’s a strange choice, because Charlize Theron is good. Patton Oswalt is good. Patrick Wilson is good. All three of them are good. Jason Reitman is good (I think… though come to think of it, I also disliked the almost universally loved Juno). In any case, it’s difficult for a hoard of good actors to make a really detestable film, but they somehow managed to do it, while still putting in decemt performances. Especially Oswalt, who kicks total ass. For whatever reason, though, I couldn’t wait for this movie to end. I HATED the main character. (Like… you’re supposed to think she’s a bad person. I just couldn’t stand her). I didn’t understand why anyone tolerated her nonsense. I thought, for a brief moment at the end that the movie might be slightly redeemed. But no. I know that is part of the supposed charm of it… that she’s so unapologetically awful. But I feel like for that to work really, the character has to have some sort of likeable thing going on underneath where you don’t completely despise her. Fail. I don’t feel bad for her. I just hate her.
I won’t ever know
I quite like this one, actually, mostly because I really love the Hourglass stain - it's such a beautiful color and it does last. It's also quite fuss-free once it's applied. What do you think? Is this too spring-esque for an autumn wedding? I don't know that I really care about conforming to seasonal standards, but perhaps it should be considered. What say you? Should I focus on fall colors? Are you still voting for a red lip?
Eating steak frites
Then back in verse 26,
Hey everyone! I have to write this quick blog post to thank you all. In my 2.5 years of doing YouTube videos, I've never been so pleased or surprised. Most of the time, if I go more than one day without uploading a video, I get an overwhelming amount of tweets, comments, messages, and emails asking me to upload. Normally, I love this! It makes me feel like you all are excited to watch me and it reminds me to do more videos. However, I mentioned in a video and blog post that I was going home for the holidays, and if I didn't upload as much as normal, it was because I was spending time with my family. I have been so shocked at the support I received after this. So many people are writing to me letting me know that it's fine if I skip a little while during the holidays, and to focus on my family. Thank you thank you thank you! Knowing I have your support and love no matter what makes me so happy!
Preheat your oven to 350 degrees, and grease a 9x13 inch baking dish. Set aside.
In Ireland, they make the same jokes about people from Kerry.
The company launched a new interface for both its web and mobile customers in December, which got mixed reviews at first but hasn’t kept people from continuing to use the service.
Never has the thought been given by these bleeding hearts to the possibility that the implementation Apartheid was an act of survival by white South Africans to isolate them from the attentions of blacks that we see currently in a form and on a scale that by any definition can be labeled a Genocide of whites in SA.
I’d make you feel alive
Jim O'Rourke sold out ironically. He deconstructed selling out. He considered the mechanics of the choogle on "Insignificance" and exact melting point of cheese on "Eureka." It didn't work, but Jimbo continues. Let's face it: what he wants is his own Japanese game show where contestants have to remix Bananarama b-sides and discuss the philosophical baggage of reverb while the floors get electrocuted. The show, called "IMPOSSIBLE PERSON-GUITARRING IRON CONFRONTATION," is currently in pre-production and Jimbo is getting laid, laid, laid and snorting shabu-shabu off the asses of fallen idoru.
Maybe they should go whole hog and actually become vegans. That would further cement their alliance with the greenie Left.
And so it was that the two young Hobbits were led back down the corridor toward the gate, and down the flight of stairs that lead toward the red door of the Five Animals Hall. Ishcandar felt optimistically certain that Hermel was on his way, coming to look for them, and would rescue them shortly.
Just a little bit about these ingredients and their benefits:
The wheel in the sky keeps on turning. It keeps going around and around and around. It goes around and around, many times. Because of course it is turning – continuously - As in - not stopping - Ever. Or in a sense – never –as in it never stops – ever: never ever, ever never. It is not entirely clear if the wheel is progressing forward, or simply spinning in a stationary fashion on its axis. But we know, with certainty, that it is going around and around. It, the wheel, keeps on turning…
Some personal information here ~ I LOVE organization! My best friend once called me “The Organization Police” because I continually look for ways to bring sense and order to end chaos! Homeschool is a pleasure when I’m organized, but when those days happen, and the kids are out of their chairs every 5 minutes to “get something”, I make a plan! So here are some of my practical plans….
Running (Long) for (Big) Change
Goldsworthy, however, is having none of this. Noting both Bryan Ward-Perkins and Heather's recent books he writes:
With warm regards, I remain
cultural change this re-commissioning aims to deliver?
Chronicling Mitt's Mendacity, Vol. XII
My understanding is, if the fire is related to older home wiring incompatibility then the fire liability fall on the side of the homeowner/renter not the manufacturer or power company.
“On this list is the order your days of birth. The order of which, you will enter the Forest. I will call the names out, but first enjoy your coming of age feast!”
So, that's my BIG NEWS. I'm pretty stoked about it, if you couldn't tell. I hope you are too, and I hope you share this with everyone you can, because the more people who are excited, the better the chances of seeing The Immortal Rules on the silver screen.
#6 Couple tee.
An invisible cord, not seen by anyone.
“Sir, you have to let me be here! Do you want Van Raighan to succeed?” It was all Rel could do to keep from begging. Few towns were closer to a Sherim than Federas. Without the Warding, there would be Wildren in the streets, maybe even in the houses.
Assistant Commandant, U.S. Marine Corps (‘94-‘96)
I'm currently hosting a giveaway of Young Adult crime thriller Soul Beach by Kate Harrison over on my other blog, Teenage Fiction for All Ages.
When I first mentioned the idea of writing a blog to Scott, he advised against it because we fly to France to visit my family every year. "You're going to get hammered for that" he said.
Thomas led the Gladers to safety in The Maze Runner (2009). But after just one night’s rest, the survivors are told that a true haven is still a long way off. To reach it, they have to pass another trial: crossing an expanse of scorched earth while being pursued by the Cranks, humans infected by the Flare, a disease that inflicts madness. If they can just make it to the designated meeting point on time (and alive), they will be met by a rescue team from the shadowy organization behind these trials, receive the cure to the pandemic and never have to face danger again.
phase where I managed to work out the issues and accept my new life.
This was little man's first day of his first summer break so he was home. That is when my day became interesting. I had a brief nap on the couch and then the rest of our day turned in to what I like to call "Transformer Hell".
Location: Milwaukee, WI
I live in a very small house 1300 square feet and have 3 children, so organizing is a MUST. I am also lucky to have a very handy hubby who builds things and humors me with all my latest projects I want so we can be more organized.
This response reflects a rather arrogant and ignorant attitude. It loads all the burden of documenting and explaining data manipulation onto whistleblowers. Some journal editors are simply not prepared to live up to their responsibilities and take a fair share of the investigative work.
My first experience at a Disney park was in 1989..I was 12 and my mom and step-dad took us to Disneyland. We really didn't know much Disney stuff at the time, other than the movies we had seen. We went on The Haunted Mansion.
I have been a busy albeit injured Santa's helper! Apparently, yellow jackets have nests in the ground (who knew) and do not like it when you pull weeds and trim bushes around their nests...I'm just sayin...someone could win some money from the scene in my flower beds...flailing arms, tripping over light post, landing on rear end on sidewalk...numerous stings later...I am on antibiotics, steroids and anti don't scratch yourself to death medicine. I don't know whether to lie down and go to sleep or run around the block ten times!
Yesterday, when I caught her wiping her nose on her shirt:
These are unlike any bathrooms you’ve every heard. They duel. Each bathroom projects a different composition. When in the hallway you hear both. When inside the bathroom, you only hear one side of the composition. Our composer, Micah, spent 2 weeks figuring this out and is wiring the entire system himself.
6. Postulate the notify of a dr., if the nature of your difficulty is too pressing. If you consider that you love reached a bushel of no repetition. These old counselors bonk unimaginative solutions, in their motion!
Talking nerdy to you.
*The Caps Lock means I’m being sarcastic.
Last night Mr. Randolph and I took on a load of cooking. We have a system for Gumbo cooking. It is ALWAYS a team effort and mostly quite a pleasant time to spend with one another. He cuts all of the veggies (onions, bell peppers, celery, etc.), prepares the sausage and tasso, along with making sure the Tater Man stays clear of my roux (oil and flour) while it is cooking. I have never escaped a gumbo with out a few spattered burns and I would freak if Tater Man got caught in the crossfire.
That little spark made all the difference. How many times, I wondered, do we pull and struggle through the conundrums of life without the fire we need? We get that spark we need through personal time with the Word of God. We allow others to spark our attitudes that make us productive. Like my neighbor, we are accountable as a spark to someone else. My encouraging word can become the spark that allows empowerment for what looks to someone else an insurmountable task.
www.megharper.co.uk
Comparisons with The Asylum Street Spankers and even The Squirrel Nut Zippers (especially the title song and "The Devil Gets His Due") -- not to mention them Shack Shakers -- are unavoidable. But the Daubers would hold their own against any of 'em. This is just fine American music distilled in Kentucky.
Well this is a much more respectable time don't you think?
20cm flan case
Dried prawns, 1 tablespoon, deep fried until crispy
We strongly recommend that if you cannot productively en­gage with naysayers, you should ignore them. If you engage with them in a non-productive way (denying their validity, calling them names), you can do way more harm than good.
When God leads us into difficult places that seem to us like the far side of the desert, he is drawing us aside to reveal exclusively to us something of his nature. Our response in the desert should not be to run away but to draw close to the flame of God’s presence , to hear his voice and respond to Him.
with drawings that indicated
Random me: I enjoy watching the real housewives TV shows.
Nicole: you know what
Example 17.1 – Is anyone out there?
For years I saved a bar of Pears soap sent to me by my mother one Christmas. She sent a few bars but I used the others, saving this last one for a special time. September 2011 blasted my brain, eroding trust in all relationships in my life from friends to family to people I had known since I was 19 years old. My skin reacted, as it did once when I was with a sister when the skin of bare forearms touched a shopping cart, if I remember correctly. I immediately broke out in hives and my sister couldn’t believe the reaction spreading up my arms from the wrist area. “I wouldn’t have believed it if I hadn’t seen it myself,” she said.
9.Once the mixture comes as a mass,also the ghee starts to ooze out stop adding ghee.
(3) It’s Obama’s fault there was a spill in the Gulf of Mexico.
Reasonable goals. Reasonable goals.
And because of my stupid NEED for someone else to SEE me, because of this – it felt so beautiful… beautiful feeling he created in me I clung. And I feared. And I doubted my worth because I was yet to know it. I didn’t fear as much this last time. I was still nervous, but it was mostly from, LOL, just, at that point realizing I was mad in love with him. There, I fucking said it. Mad in love and wanting so badly for him to love me.
There is an impossible wall keeping me on the outside, a dark and gloomy shadow cast by this wall that keeps me from the sun and the warmth I need.
This compilation groups together a number of rarities from Tomorrow, a band that only recorded one official album during its lifetime, but played an essential role in the rise of the British psych scene. The second half of the album is comprised of live recordings from "Christmas on Earth Continued," a psychedelic event held at London Olympia that also featured The Jimi Hendrix Experience, Pink Floyd, Traffic, The Move and Soft Machine. Apparently, The Who were also scheduled to play but never bothered showing up.
:whimper:
The Angels find it very easy to express themselves through the cards, channelling their message though them and often can, in just a few words, put worries to rest, uplifting us from the darkness that can surrounds us at times and helping us see a way forward.
You aren't that happy when you try new foods
I don't have a problem accepting the fact that this is a basic part of POLITICS. (Yes Republicans do the same thing to).
We were perusing a recent issue of Men's Journal on the subway the other night, and were pleasantly surprised to see (in their October 2008 issue) an article entitled "Best Beers 2008: American Brewmasters Take Over." Inside the issue was a number of beer recommendations - we'd like to summarize them here, as it's a genuine pleasure to see the liberal Mainstream media finally approach a topic like this without their bias and politics and geegaws and whatnot. Anyway.
Ink: Versamark Watermark, Tim Holtz Distress Ink (Faded Jeans, Broken China, Bundled Sage, Antique Linen, Vintage Photo) by Ranger
Made it through the bad luck day unscathed. My boss is back directing traffic this week, so some of the stress is lifted. You would think having the boss gone would be a stress relief, but it wasn’t. As a newbie I need his guidance and support. I am sure soon, I will wish him gone like the others do.
wooden frame
These two signs were photographed at the same tram stop in Vienna. Just outside the university as it happens.
Instead, use an old T-shirt. Your hair will love you for it!!
"It's ... (pant) ... for ... (pant) ... her .... choking."
What on earth am I thinking??
Ain't nothing there that I care to take along
Air France animal fee: $150
These stamps also coordinate with JustRites custom Spellbinders die template set called
- Not enough images of crying people in the stands after the game. Vancouverites want to see these things.
Y'all know I'm not afraid of color...but I must say as I was walking through my house, I was noticing that my actual furniture pieces aren't colorful...AT ALL.
Well for some reason it's beginning to look like I only update this blog about once a month. I'm not sure why, as I've won a few things in this last month, but I just guess a part of it has to do with my new computer that I have. I went from a PC to a mac, and even though I love several things about my IMac, it's really actually a lot slower than my last PC. This is extremely frustrating to me, as I am so ADD/ADHD in my internet/sweeping ways.
-cabbage (1/2, boiled, water squeezed out and roughly chopped)
The enemy design is tragically generic. Both in terms of look and design – normal enemy, crawly enemy, enemy with ranged attack, big enemy etc.
Only this time, you know that I’m with you
The controversy and cultural impact surrounding Don Siegel’s 1971 film is well documented. We all know about Pauline Kael’s quote and about the critical backlash against the film’s pro-gun, pro-vigilante point of view; however, what sometimes gets missed in all of that is the simple fact that Dirty Harry is a seminal and important film. One of the best films of the ‘70s, Dirty Harry is essentially an exploitation movie financed by a big time studio with its biggest star in the lead role. It looks like an exploitation movie, it sounds like an exploitation movie (the music is one of the most memorable things about the film), and it plays like an exploitation movie. What Siegel and Eastwood and screenwriters Harry Julian and R.M. Fink have done is not just create an iconic character that spouts memorable lines (although, Dirty Harry spawned many sequels and bad knockoffs) as he points his .44 Magnum at bad guys, they created a time capsule film that speaks to the chaos and the rapidly changing America of the ‘60s; however, what makes the film still relevant today is in the fact that the filmmakers ultimately made a film that is eerily prescient for today’s America.
If boundaries are good and necessary, then the more boundaries we have, the better off we will be, right? We will be safer and more comfortable. We will be more sure. More right. So we create more and more boundaries for ourselves, encroaching on the space within. Little by little, we sacrifice our safe space until we find ourselves…in prison!
But I know what everyone is most interested in is the behind the scenes.
Oh love holy
New Hampshireis the only state to host the formal conclusion of a foreign war. In 1905, the treaty ending the Russo-Japanese War was signed inPortsmouth.
I've shared my thoughts on The Hunger Games movie in a few places over at 5 Minutes for Books (including posting two interviews with the producer Nina Jacobson), and I hope you'll check out those posts, linked here within, but it's definitely been an experience.
I read a lot of blogs. Sometimes I find myself thinking that, compared to others, my little ol' blog is just simply uninspiring.
Send the notecard to Dani Plassitz between May1-12, 2011 and make sure she confirms that she got it.
Gathering.
I am the first to realize that some have mortgage payment they cannot afford, bottom line. If you are in foreclosure please be aware that there are people out there who might not be ligimate, trying to get your house or trying to make some money one way or the other. Please go to a reputable, Bank or Mortgage Lending Institution. Everything you see on the web is not what it appears. Check out your options and keep your chin up. Could be the Administration comes up with something else to help those who need it the most.
I was just checking around for events for the Summer and I came across this trending on twitter, Pentecost 2012! Everyone’s talking about it and I wonder how I missed it at all, well, it’s never too late. @hillsonglondon says One City. One night. The church together as One celebrating all that Pentecost represents. With worship lead by Tim Hughes of HTB, Hillsong London and the Jesus House choir, this promises to be an amazing event of music and the word.
*It is possible I saw an elephant. It was about 100 yards away in a raging downpour and I have poor eyesight but it certainly resembled an elephant, either that or a very large rock.
Yesterday, ‘The Economist’ ran a copy that said ethnic Chinese and Thais were deliberately targeted by the insurgents who exploded car bombs in Ruammit Road in Muang district of Yala. The March 31 blasts killed 11 people and injured more than a hundred.
Light that comes straight from the side is known as split lighting. The dividing line or terminator between light and shadow runs right along the center line of the face.
I'd love to know if you're doing this, if only to give you a big pat on the back and some encouragement along the way. If you had any questions about a design, I'd definitely be willing to give you pointers and advice, or even proofread your book if needed.
This week I got to see all of the things I find interesting rolled into one. The meeting I went to was the North Central London cohort review. Cohort review is a method of rolling audit if you like, in which a service reviews it’s most recent cases, checks on performance and outcome, and tries to lear lessons along the way. Each case seen by a service is presented by the case manager to a panel of experts, with an audience of their peers from their own, and other services. Various essential pieces of data are presented, including detailed information on outcomes of treatment, adverse events, and the results of contact tracing. the presentation is made to a panel consisting of an independent chair, senior case managers, an epidemiologist, a microbiologist with access to a vast array of lab data, and public health representatives. In future editions, local primary care physicians will be invited.
She checked the lateral file in the credenza one more time. She was certain that all of the files were in order. Copies of the audit work programs, for both of the audits she had been working on, were in the first folder. She had initialed all procedures she had completed prior to making the copies. The originals she had already mailed to herself, in-care-of her Uncle, per his instructions. She surveyed the room again. She had removed the last of her personal effects the night before. Nothing remained on the desk except for her time sheet, the telephone and the computer terminal.
I have been buying a few patterns on line lately in my quest to improve my sewing skills, which to be honest before I started were pretty damn rusty having not sewn since high school.
The food was okay for us. I wouldn’t say it was wow-level, but you could tell that the dishes were carefully prepared, and they were made from fresh ingredients. Hubby says the Salisbury was flavorful, and he did debate on whether to get an extra cup of rice or not. The pasta’s serving size was just right. It had no shrimp, but the fish fillet was cream dory fish. And out of the number of times I’ve had seafood pasta, this is the first time that I have seen crabsticks mixed in, but I have to admit that it wasn’t bad at all. I wonder why nobody ever thought of it before. The service was good too, and the servers were knowledgeable on the menu offerings.
Aparently the Great Obamases and iDave have spoken about the death of aid worker Linda Norgrove.
A Miracle
LynneKelly I sure hope @MyPretendDog isn’t chewing on the couch.
Rosie spent 3 years in London Contemporary Dance School then subsequently joined a Polish Dance Theatre for one and a half years, did some training in America, won a few thousand pounds in a competition and worked with the Green Candle children’s hospital. Finally at 26 years, she decided to commit to dance and joined the hippodrome in Birmingham. With exposure to Dance Xchange and other dance groups and people she has built a healthy support system and network for herself.
OHMYGAWD. It was awesome. The rice was my favorite part, but the veggies were a close second. They cooked them in oil and seasoned them with just a little salt, pepper, and chili powder. Spicy! I felt kinda guilty and a bit awkward with all my food; she actually showed up later with some black beans, just in case I was still hungry. I was all, seriously, thank you, but I have to fit into the bridesmaid dress I was sized for eight months ago. A lady has her limits. And then I ate half of the black beans anyway.
implications contained in it. Remember, my first two thesis topics
06. It's The End Of The World As We Know It
It's the latest addition to the Sobel Wiki, Part 7 of Jonathan Edelstein's epic For All Nails vignette "Victoria's Secret". In today's vignette, the people of the former British colony of Victoria get ready for the upcoming Parliamentary elections, and for the trial of Victoria Madoka.
Yes..I really do like to watch this after I put the kids to bed.. LOL
LITERATURE - where would we be without it. It reflects the world we live in, it shapes our thinking. I love reading and I love writing. I tend not, despite a degree in English literature, to think of it as "literature" but as stories. And as Terry Pratchett puts it so beautifully in Witches Abroad - "People think that stories are shaped by people. In fact, it's the other way around."
We hope you can join us in our challenge this week and we look forward to seeing all your cuties ! The DT have made some marvellous cards for your inspiration again this week.
After Williams asked this question, about three people applauded somewhat timidly, but there was mostly silence in anticipation of how Gingrich might dig himself out of this one. He had been put on the spot in front of the world by a media spokesperson who not only opposed Gingrich’s position, but who himself was black, and who views almost everything through the lenses of race.
5Only take great care to do the orders and the law which Moses, the Lord’s servant, gave you; to have love for the Lord your God and to go in all his ways; and to keep his laws and to be true to him and to be his servants with all your heart and with all your soul.
Obama’s scripted speeches are slanted distortions. Realities are turned upside down. Acts of war are heralded as peace-making operations…
For a minute, I thought that the other kids would think it was silly that she was handing out pennies or dimes. I hurried her along and got to church and she went her way and I went mine. I teach a Sunday School class for tweens. As Sunday School started, I took up offering. I was just about to seal the envelope when one of the tweens that comes to church alone says "Wait a minute Ms. Julia...I have offering." She reached in her purse and groped around until she pulled out a dime. She smiled and said "Nevaeh gave me this before church."
While the political leaders haggle over cabinet posts in a political stalemate, ordinary Zimbabweans are either fleeing across the borders for food, or are resorting to desperate means at home to find a few morsels to eat.
There is no answer but the groaning continues. Like I've said, it’s a friendly kind of boozer in which I dwell so I push on the door slowly. It’s unlocked.
As I mentioned earlier we are at war. This comes through in fashion in many different way, however I decided to pick some items in the army style or colours for you, my dear viewers, viewing pleasure. If you like, you can draw inspiration or buy the items by following the link (much like you could in the links above). The website ships to most countries and have a lovely return item procedure.
They: No, it is better for you if you take the underground.
I had a few doubts about the surgery, but I’m glad we did go through with hit. The Dr. said that there was a significant lesion beneath the nail, and if we’d let it go, it probably would’ve become infected at some point. From what I understand, foot infections are really horrible to get rid of, so for the few hours of craziness we faced today, we’ll save Anna lots of grief later. I’m glad we went this route even if it means my child will be without a big toe nail for a while. Thankfully, it’s winter, so no one will ever know!
One of the two men, whom I had seen on several occasions around town, was talking very loudly and aggressively in what can best be described as a 'West Indian' accent…. Although he was white, he had long filthy matted dreads and was almost threatening the Chav type with him, using language that I could best describe as not suitable for ladies of a certain age.
P.S. Are you willing to support the Israeli merchants in Trondheim? Come to the MIFF meeting on Wednesday, March 7, and buy their products.
I hope that the Lib Dems will increase their numbers on the London assembly, but again polls suggest otherwise and there’s no point in sticking our heads in the sand about it. Failure to improve on our current three AM’s will mean the party once again will have an all-white team in the London Assembly, as we have had since City Hall was created in 2000.
6. Fold cooled choc mixture into yolk mix.
It can be harder than it sounds though so let me give you the tips to help make sure this happens.
8.Spice Powder : 1 1/2 tbsp
not a dainty spirit like the northern sun
My last Quote Blog http://ormondrankin.wordpress.com/2012/03/08/its-worth-quoting-50-quotes-for-the-business-minded/ was such a big hit I decided to put together another one with 25 more great business/motivational quotes. ENJOY!
This year, there is going to be a two-hour Awards show – well, maybe ten minutes of actually awarding Awards in the middle of a two-hour comedy variety show – at the Edinburgh Fringe on Friday 26th August.
“What the fuck is Sheila wearing?” said my Aunt, making me choke on my pint of bitter.
Taylor had to go stand out on the corner in a full body dog suit to bring business in to Petland. I think she sort of enjoyed being in disguise for a time.
Only such a normalized situation, which allows for free political activity, can allow us to consult our people in order to obtain a mandate.
in counter-terrorism, gaining operational experience of all forms of violent political threats to the UK
And I found sadness there. The phrases and words singled out like Phil Spector, Providence, or, what I think is the best work of the show, Faith hovering in the space are the elegant remnants of a society laid low by some sort of trauma, some sort of loss. Even in the fancy space of Regen Projects, these signs remind me of the signs of the homeless, put together with whatever they can found to say a few words, not to express those words for the sake of expression alone but to (sometimes) say that one is hungry. They could be lying, of course, but the poetry is in the discarded materials, a nub of wood or a shard of cardboard.
Because of the arcane way beer is distributed in Louisiana there are many beers that are never brought into our state for sale. One brewery’s beer that I have been itching to try is Dogfish Head out of Delaware. I have not been able to locate a six pack in Louisiana and a cursory check of their website confirmed my suspicions – their beer is not sold here.
Level 17: Mastery: +44%, Accuracy: +102.
You know what BN? Between the Tolls and Ending Apartheid, doubtless anyone can see that ending apartheid is more important. So guess why BN is unvotable? This toll thing is a very low priority issue compared to apartheid.
But even with all the added action, there is a lot of stupid special effects here, thanks to Franco Di Girolamo, Francesco Paolocci, Gaetano Paolocci and Rodolfo Torrente, who must have found some extra ketchup packets somewhere, along with some of that practical joke gum that makes your mouth turn nasty colors (which explains the multiple colors of drool) and an apparent bucket of magic ab oil for ol' Jeff, there.
--A volunteer and her husband made turkey tetrazzini for one of our lunches last week.
This was my first week at work, even though It was our second week here. Our first week here we were blessed to be given the freedom to look for a place to live. Our prayers were answered and we signed the lease for an apartment in Lancaster city. The apartment is actually really neat. It's a detached converted carriage house behind an old victorian mansion. It's a 2 bedroom 1 bath and the entire living space is on what would be a second story. The "basement" is on the first floor and is actually the entry way that leads to the stairs that go up to the living quarters (photos coming soon to make up for my not so clear description). Anyway..
Should I watch those old episodes again?
In a small saucepan, add pasta and milk. Bring to simmer, then reduce heat to low and cook for 20 minutes, until pasta is soft, stirring frequently and ensuring milk does not boil.
We've had Rose on the back porch all winter, so we've become quite well acquainted <U+2665> She was friendly before, always riding on my arm, shoulders & head. This winter though, I've been her constant company when I'm outside.
Here is a close up photo:
Queen Anne--she just won't go away. She used to be in almost everybody's traditional home and has been passed down to many a young couple. Unforunately, her style can look somewhat out of place in the midst of more modern decor.
Public honor:
*She feels her skin tingle in tension, but doesn’t see anyone.
When I first learned of Jimmy Swaggart taking the Bible verse by verse then underneath each verse writing his understanding of it I was saddened.
me in the front seat, freezing in blue pajamas. Look
The Cross Town Bark Around Fundraiser sponsored by MidWest Dachshund Rescue...Saturday May 19th 2012, 11:30AM to 4:00 PM at the DuPage County Fairgrounds,2015 Manchester Road, Wheaton, Illinois
Within the decade though, my guess is that we will be looking back to this time as the point when the current suite of scares started to fall apart. I suppose we could say they are dead scares walking.
WE WANT YOU! Do you think you have nothing to offer? Well, think again! We have many projects to meet a variety of interests and talents.
Me: Are you kidding me?
That life isn’t to be lived in the future
I attended a two day workshop presented by Bruce Baker the craft marketing guru whose columns I have read in The Crafts Report ever since my career as a professional craft artist began some time ago. I’m glad I went. Mr. Baker was informative, engaging and entertaining. Among the pages of notes I managed to take during the workshop sessions, the one concept that stood out more than any other was that we as craft artists need to tell our customers a story about our work. This little exchange of information will make the sale more personal and the memory of it long lasting. So when the piece is admired, the buyer can repeat the story, or if the piece is a gift then the giver can retell the story to the recipient. This is what makes the piece special to the buyer.
Pulchan, who had examined and pronounced Amy dead on her being taken to the hospital, was unable to answer several questions without his notes. The judge told the panel they would have to determine whether the missing notes might have had an impact on the integrity of the practitioner’s evidence.
10 bucks got me this cool tasting glass and a chance to try 4 beers. Out of the lineup available when I was there I went with the New Belgium Tart Lychee, Bear Republic Mach 10, Hopaloped (512) Bruin, and New Belgium Eric's Ale.
Don’t assume you know how to write a book and never read a book on writing for children or young adults. This seems like common sense to me, but I know many writers never study the craft of writing. Read all about the genre you write and “how to” books. And then keep reading them. And read them again. Join SCBWI and become active in the organization. Take online classes, go to conferences, network, join a critique group…it only takes two people, reach out. Push yourself. Sometimes it takes you to toot your own horn to be heard. All children’s writers love to talk about their writing journey, the craft of writing, and their next writing project. Don’t be afraid to ask well published authors questions. You’ll be amazed how nice they are. Children’s writers are the greatest. They rock!
QI: Exxon Paid Almost $1M per Hour in Income Taxes and Its Effective Tax Rate Was 42.3%: "1. ExxonMobil paid $8 billion in income taxes to various governments in the first quarter, which is about $22 million in income taxes each day, or almost $1 million each hour.
1950
I loved this book! I've been recommending it to everyone I know. It was so much fun and by far the most entertaining novel I've read this year. Ready Player One by Ernest Cline was such a refreshing roller coaster ride.
and we are looking for local and North West Shorts now to feature in the programme.
That is why in oriental cultures it is the behavior that is stressed upon and the responsibility of regulation of such behavior is vested heavily on families and specifically on parents. Any cue that helps parents in such a huge task must be welcome. No matter what one thinks in one’s mind of and about criminality or crime or about any good action it is irrelevant unless it transfers in to Measurable, Actionable Behavior or MAB. By understanding MABs at the earliest, we can reinforce good actions and prevent bad actions taking place.
"Anything but a Card" with the optional of tags for Christmas.
It is, however, a beautiful day, and traffic's quite light, and we make it there in only 4.5 hours, traveling largely at or near the speed limit. I actually got some editing done while Cathy drove in Connecticut. By the time we got there, though, we were getting a bit peckish. We first thought about going to Legal Sea Food for chowder -- I've never been, and it's a place you should probably go at some time -- but decided it was out of the way, and Thomas recalled The Daily Catch, a little Sicilian seafood place in Brookline that he and I had chanced upon last year (we were on our way to Soul Fire for a barbeque dinner when we realized it was Friday in Lent...and there was The Daily Catch right across the street from our epiphany, so we went in and greatly enjoyed it), so we went there.
The dulcet tones of Sting waft through the car.
Despite starting work at 11am yesterday, I take the 9am train to Central Station and walk the 13 minutes to TITLE in Surry Hills, a store that specialises in music, photography and film, which also doesn’t open til 10. Yesterday was their Record Store Day, and despite the measly 20% off vinyls (I would have obviously preferred a greater reduction), I was eager to peruse the store for their hopefully rare and valuable albums missing from my collection. I don’t get here enough, though I don’t get to any of my favourite haunts enough, but today I felt was a no exception case to spend what precious time I have browsing for records before heading back to the unflattering real world and selling knives (not an entirely poor alternative, seeing as it is a sexier sounding day-job than McDonalds (no offence to those who work there)).
If you’ve seen the first few scenes in “Spy Kids,” then you’ve seen the castle director Robert Rodriguez lives in west of town. And of course everybody’s heard about the millions Sandra Bullock poured into a lovely dump of a house that’s sadly destined for the wrecker’s ball.
…The local Loddon Brewery provides us with our bespoke ale — Leaping Lamb (3.9% ABV) – which is very popular at £3.50 a pint. We sell four pints of bitter for every one pint of lager.FFS, bring me a Big Mac and a pint of Holt’s.
(As for BridgePort, they might not yet be alarmed, but perhaps concerned. Though in truth, BridgePort's interpretation is much lighter and easier to drink in a session. You wouldn't want more than two Inversions.)
Lawyers for the government have argued the historical accounting would cost $12 billion. Exceeding the cost and scope of what Congress has said was acceptable an have asked the three-judge panel of the U.S, Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia to allow the interior Department to continue with its own accounting effort.
1/2 head chopped escarole
to wait!
Make sure to check references and view portfolios. Don’t hire someone who you don’t feel comfortable with and make sure you can afford their services. Read the contract carefully so you understand what they will and won’t do.
So that I may see them glisten.
The rush to have newspaper reporters write blogs has not been followed by a rush of copy editors to polish those blogs. It shows. Glitches of all types abound, with posts showing little or no evidence of editing.
STO: What is the reason behind the album title? How did you decide on the order of songs on the album?
Tina opened the international design conference as the keynote speaker and in true swissmiss style she gave a presentation that was creative, inspirational, passionate, wise, intuitive and pragmatic.
I’ll post the walkthrough of the house soon. Mike took pictures during the inspection which shows the house prior to the improvements we’ve made. Soon, I will describe the renovations that have taken place over the course of the past year and kick around some ideas that I have of things to come.
My solution? Slow down. Tell Dusty to take her time, notice the scenery, maybe have a cuppa and think this thing through. Has she really got the bad guy tied up? What if she got that all wrong? That would leave her all alone (except for a couple more would-be victims) with... the killer. And the only guy who would defend her? Well, he's tied up now, so smart move there Dusty.
“Administrators met Ali and Gordon and during the meetings they expressed their deep disappointment regarding the position in which the Club has been placed. There is nothing to suggest that either of them did anything but strive to act in the best interests of Rangers Football Club during their terms of office.
Sabich is a popular Sabbath food for Iraqi Jews, who, when they emigrated to Israel and set up a community in Ramat Gan, brought the sandwich with them. It has since gained widespread popularity, and of course, in typical Israeli fashion, there are 100 variations and 200 opinions about which one is best.
* an HA Mack olivewood mixing spoon
At the same time, it provides guidelines and detailed teachings for a just society, proper human conduct, and an equitable economic system.
Khan is the villain. Benedict Cumberbatch is reportedly playing Khan but that this is not going to be similar to how he was portrayed previously in both film and TV forms. According to Trek Movie, they are aiming for a more “Batman Begins” feel and that Khan may be like the series’ Joker.
Reich: thank for your loaded question and
To watch while I enjoy myself,
And you know what? Some years were better than others, but we've always had pretty good luck.
I’m sorry, my columns normally come out on a Saturday, things just kept coming up, I really did keep meaning to get around to it… Some unknown smart aleck once remarked, “Only Robinson Crusoe had everything done by Friday”. That line must be one of the most insightful drolls in human history. Some of our race’s greatest works of literature were written about procrastination, or at least they would have been if someone had ever gotten around to writing them.
1 impact
For I know in time
I loved you so. I kiss your memory
And truthfully, it has probably been my favorite because the other “popular” season, spring, was so brutal for so long. For me, having lost my mom in spring when I was 18, that season meant the pain of audaciously beautiful flowers, Mother’s Day, and Memorial Day— a season which obnoxiously insisted on glowing every year, despite the pain it represented. The fertile promise of spring seemed wasted on me. The pungent smell of soil, which used to entice me, just reminded me of loss.
Thrill or fear, I am unsure which is greater. Behind my eyes a fuzzy twitch twirls like a worm. The hysterical barks sound closer now... much closer.
Halfway through we took a break and she could see on the other side of the lake where our truck was parked. She hadn’t realized how far we had come and just how far we had to go. I’m pretty sure she was close to asking a kayak that was passing by for a ride.
Democratic Leader Danny Morgan, D-Prague was honored with the Distinguished Service Award at the 42nd Annual Oklahoma Career and Technology Education Summer Conference yesterday at the Cox Convention Center.
God looks to the one who humbles himself. God wants repentance and God wants us to love one another. Not sit there dressed like Ahab and Jezebel in royal purple gushing and giving thanks to Babylon for how great and successful and rich you are.
I saw everything so clearly now. Everything in my field of vision was vivid and sharp. I saw it all in ways I’d never seen before.
Some people may think daisies are simple and not the most stunning flowers, but there is something beautiful and warm, genuine and subtle in its simplicity. It’s still pretty, it still gets the job done.
Total Paid = $41.93
Between January and July 2009, Obama sent a bust of Winston Churchill back to the British embassy. He gave the Queen of England an iPod with 40 show tunes, photos of his inauguration, and two of his speeches. Former Prime Minister, Gordon Brown, was given a box set of 25 DVDs, all in a format that does not work in England. Later, eager to empty Guantanamo, he authorized the transfer of some detainees to a British protectorate, Bermuda, without consultation with the UK.
David Collings gave a chilling performance as a ruthless, cold-blooded Doctor in the Unbound audio Full Fathom 5. That story made me want more of that alternative Doctor, even if the ending did make him seem like a moron.
Date of Origin Saturday June 11th, 2011 approx. 03:30 PM
This is what Jennifer Lawrence has said about her body: “I’d rather look a little chubby on camera and look like a person in real life, than to look great onscreen and look like a scarecrow in real life.
Let us be clear, the AWL are right to say that the atrocities committed by the rebels, can in no way be used, as they correctly say some on the Left are doing, to lessen the vileness of Gaddafi's regime. This is not an ugly contest. Sacha Ismail writes, however,
Iceland (9.7)
One of the foundations of my personal spiritual belief is that we are all One. What that means is that we were all made by the same Creator; we share the same DNA; we are all the stuff of star-dust. Civil societies must operate in a cooperative collective, or they don’t survive. To be healthy, they cannot function with an “us” and “them” mentality. Last week I got to see that I too cherish my opinions. I judged the heck out of the woman who messaged me privately and I didn’t like the way it felt in my nervous system. I felt proud of the way the public conversation went, and recognized that the discourse would be good modeling for some of our leaders who are at each others throats because of their precious opinions.
Bah – I’m not going back and deleting it and and writing something else. I’ll just leave it. Tonight, at this moment, in my mind, you’re mine.
My sister and I started our day "tailgating" at a Champagne brunch at the Rivers Casino - can you say mimosa? I did! :o) We then tried our luck at the slots for a little while before we walked from the casino to Heinz Field. Along the way to the stadium we were snapping pictures (we are scrapbookers you know) and during one of the handoffs we fumbled the camera and it hit the sidewalk. Well, that was the end of that camera so all of the photos from inside the stadium were taken with our cell phones. Even though my beloved Steelers lost by three the experience was fabulous!
+1 Post link in sidebar of your blog (leave link in comment)
I will cling to You even when I can’t understand the bigger things.
I missed so many great shots back in the day...
These are great workouts for someone who is already in shape and does cardio, but wants to accomplish a little sculpting as well. It is several short workouts that focus on different muscle groups in the body. It works out your core, arms, butt, thighs, shoulders – even muscles you may not know you have. The workouts are short, so you can do anything from one if you are in a hurry, to the whole DVD.
Momma won't be missing another weekend of sales, will you??
I … had helped you become a lovely young woman. You learned that you were attractive enough to have any man you wanted, so you offered yourself to every passerby. You made shrines for yourself and decorated them with some of your clothes. That’s where you took your visitors to have sex with them. These things should never have happened! You made idols out of the gold and silver jewelry I gave you, then you sinned by worshiping those idols. You dressed them in the clothes you got from me, and you offered them the olive oil and incense I gave you. I supplied you with fine flour, olive oil, and honey, but you sacrificed it all as offerings to please those idols. I … watched this happen.
Thirty minutes later I returned to the kitchen and saw, with my own disbelieving eyes, at least half the broccoli still lying on the chopping board in its virgin state. A rant at Jeremy Vine too far, clearly. I am absolutely CRAP at being an Adult, I decided, scraping the abandoned broccoli into the soup pan and setting the dinger to go in another 30 minutes. By which time any nutrition in the veg would have been boiled to usefulness of wet cardboard. Mental state: Utterly pissed off.
So.....Pop over to Our FACEBOOK PAGE and leave a comment to be in the running for another RAK or two, and as per usual upload your projects before each new palette is up to be in the running to Win a RAK from our Sponsor as well.
“Well I hope you like it, I was experimenting in the kitchen today!” she replied with a big smile, kissing him on the lips as he handed her the bottle and flowers.
Verdict: Read this in storytime to a variety of ages, take it on school visits, and listen to the laughter explode. Highly recommended.
I enjoyed every moment of it those two days, though i didnt find time to read the Canibal, i had some crazy thoughts all known to me…
XX- The House Lady (Luce)
Note: This blog has watched all GOP candidates closely, and has actively supported the Gingrich candidacy – based on policy and the fact that one would pay to see that man debate Obama, given he had sufficient sleep. However, he was so badly damaged by Mitt Romney’s negatives and his lackluster debate performance before the Florida Primaries, with subsequent primary loses, and made his candidacy no longer viable in this opinion. However, the stronger performances of Rick Santorum and specifically his economic and foreign policy stands, made him the most viable of all candidates, when combining the ability to win a general election, the legislation hat he produced that was consistent in regards to his State (therefore he represented the people who hired him), and finally, the superficial, he is the youngest, photogenic candidate (for those who vote solely on the American Idol ticket. The defining moment was his shot at both Romney and Gingrich during the Florida debate. As a fan of the former Speaker (especially for the work he did during the Clinton Presidency), one can only hope these rumors are unfounded, and that the Speaker understands it’s time to take one for the nation, not the “Team”.
6. Roy Ayers - Rock Your Roll
We have just entered the second silicon revolution which will be transformed in the next decade or so with unstoppable solar energy superceding our dependency on fossil fuels for electricity and reducing global CO2 emissions. The only unanswered question is how many entrepreneurs will soon become solar billionaires.
'It was a gift.' Bartleby spoke at last, snapping it open and handing it to Mac, who strained his eyes to make out the detail. 'Carved bamboo. Meiji period. It was found on him when he died.'
Confession: Recently, I cannot get enough barbecue. It's just so darn good. Lucky for me, I live in Oklahoma and there is shortage of yummy barbecue places for my craving.
Your crawling everywhere and fast.
Others are less convinced.
This does not bode well for when we have actual children.
If you have never encountered a happy nerd, either you haven't looked, you don't know any nerds, or you're such a debbie downer you never see happy people. Nerd pride.
“I am going!” he announced angrily.
"That's it!" She blows her top, "You bastard! You waltz in here, flop your fat ass down, don't even say hello to me and then expect me to run around like your slave. Don't you realize that I cook and clean and wash and iron all day long?"
And it still is the largest companies, that support de-nationalization, globalization, betrayal of western values such as freedom of speech and woman’s rights, and appeasement to Muslim ideology…
Bottom line: Mélusine is one of those novels that lives and dies on the strength of its characters—if you don’t like Felix and Mildmay, you’re not going to like the book. The French Revolution-inspired setting is much appreciated, however. If you’d like.
He proposed a freeze on annual domestic spending for the next five years.
Okay, okay, I'm severely biased. Can you blame me??
A He stated that prior to entering the store in a conversation with Mr. Selsor there was discussion of taking these people out.
Big brewers in particular were at an advantage with the 6% wastage figure. Large, modern breweries were able to waste far less than smaller more old-fashioned breweries. The downside of re-using yeast and hop pressings, ullage and the like was that they could be a source of infection. Breweries would ruin all their beer, just for the sake of squeezing out every last drop of wort.
The challenge for the month of May is to make a card for your mom (or other significant woman figure in your life). You must include some hand coloring in your project too! The details for this challenge can be found here.
The argument
3. there was compassion for each other—no sense of competition, no sense of conflict (personal or ideological). When we are all facing the same target, with arms linked together, we can go further and stronger. We celebrate each other’s successes and share each other’s sorrows. That’s what teams do–they win together, and they lose together. (How does your team function right now?)
Like those who, scatter'd far, perchance deplore,
Before you read this; don't judge me. Haven't you ever read a magazine? It's full of this shit and you would probably pay money for it.
Finish your college education now.
They embodied, across my off-white walls, fictions.
Dean Cain ... Arthur 'Murph' Murphy
Me: Yes I do. I clean it with windex or else it looks nasty. It gets really dusty and covered with cat hair.
I sent Joe to practice with Kari, and came about 15 minutes late. It took longer to bake the fries and the chicken than I thought it would. But i got it all done, and off we went. The little kids played and ate, and the moms ate and chatted.
It is there and existing eternally, all pervading (available everywhere) and omniscient (aware all the time and therefore healing principle gets to work when injury is sustained).
He obviously hadn’t met very many Pyrenean Mountain Dogs! As I munched on my treat, I planned how I was going to train him to hand over the whole biscuit straightaway in future.
It’s been a challenging summer. We’ve had fun—don’t get me wrong. There was our yearly trip to Michigan, our yearly trip to the delicious wilderness of upstate New York, a birthday party for a certain three year old (!!) baby chick, and plenty of gardening, crafting, water play, and all the other essentials of summer.
It was exactly that sensation of sickness in my gut that I would get in connection to my present partner when the two-year mark drew nearer. Another connection at that time when I was two was that my mum decided to leave the town I was born in and move back to her home town. My father never wanted to be part of my life - a different story. I believe that they must have had arguments while I was in the room which leads to another emotional problem of mine: feeling trapped in an uncomfortable environment and not be able to run away. To run away is all I want to do after two years in the same environment.
The need to change the shape of the forehead or brow bone is very uncommon. Reshaping the forehead or the brow bone (the bone below the eyebrows) is possible but there are different procedures that can be done based on the shape of the forehead and the brow bone.
The Geej has long enjoyed role-playing type play. She's had a variety of characters in the past--Lisa, Karla, and some mysterious creature named Norway come to mind. However, they were always just variations on a theme. Each one was an older "Mommy" character who (surprise!) worked where I work, was married to Daschel and had a baby named Sally. She is always dressed kind of fancy and wears high heeled shoes. She also likes talking on the cell phone and is harassed frequently by a very demanding boss.
The rest of the box was packed full of ripped-out magazine pages. I didn’t get it at first, but I thought it was kind of mysterious and half-expected them to be clues to a puzzle or riddle that lay at the bottom of the box. I took the first ten out one-by-one and laid them carefully on my desk. After a bit I finally realized that they were just the stuffing. The fanciest stuffing I’ve ever seen!
it sounds like the work of two different bands.
And sometimes fries. Tonight I just HAD to have those J in the B 2 for 99 cents demons. I don't know why. If I was Catholic I'd go to confession. But tonight I also had to have their curly fries too. That's right, dipped in flour, with savory seasoning and that adorable curl. They are so so so good that McDonald's sugar coated deep-fried quasi-potato sticks pale in comparison. Seriously. You gotta try 'em!!!!!
in Jerusalem, once you enter the holy city a profound sense of belonging fills you with joy, wherever you turn your eyes observing in silence, the scene of the ancient houses and buildings gives you a strange feeling like you have been there before, you almost swear.
– The hitting was solid. No over-the-top pops, although Rod Harland stood out for his enthusiasm in putting people on the ground.
What we see here is first of all a smug, self-righteous boycott of Israeli settlement goods. This has unfortunately become so routine that most of us, at least in Israel, are completely unaware of this anti-Israel activity.
of fairyland my works
When behind a securely
Sweet Rocket
I have not scrapped in months due to moving house....its been a 2 month lonnnngggg drawn out thing and I still have not unpacked the craft stuff which means it will be a few weeks yet til i scrap :(
“I’m so sorry to disappoint you,” I say pathetically.
What difference does that make you ask. Again Simple..... they call it the grey area for a teen. If he were 16 I could enforce rules upon him. If he was 18 I could kick him out. But no, he is 17 and at 17 you can:
Paul Lincoln died in January this year but, back when Paul Raymond was starting his seminal Revuebar in Walker’s Court in 1958 – allegedly the first strip club in Britain – Lincoln was promoting wrestling bouts around the country as well as running the 2i’s.
Select the hex nuts.
A) Anshik Manglik( Little Manglik)
We all assumed, as did the commentators, that the referee didn’t see the incident, otherwise he’d have sent Balotelli off. That was clear, it was obvious. So why would the ref say he did see it, and took no action.
You can slice the beans in any way you want, you just have to make sure they are able to soften up a bit during cooking.
Franky, you’ve got more to you than this. I don’t want to see you back here ever again. You’re a good kid, now act like it.
A police spokesman referred calls for comment to Nigeria’s military. Military spokesman Lieutenant Iweha Ikedichi said soldiers and police had surrounded the university and were searching for the gunmen.
A 4 foot deep trench that went from the back yard, around the house and turned to come out from underneath our master bedroom window and out to the street. I though it would've been cute if we had put alligators in it for more of a hometown feel for me but, no one else was on board with that idea. Oh well. I digress... back to the bathroom.
The weather in my neck of the woods: Sunny, but Cool Crisp temps. It’s gonna get cold at night thought.
~ Add in flour and mix well until forms a batter. Divide into 2 equal portions. Keep aside.
Here is another photo of quilters hard at work. The margarita glasses were unfortunately used for Diet Coke!
"To prove that Huggies diapers and wipes can handle anything," the female voice-over begins, "we put them to the toughest test imaginable -- Dads." In other words, as a consumerist.com headline put it, Huggies diapers are so good, even dads can't use them wrong.
“And so you’re going for what sort of look here…?”
Yes a matter of weeks and yes I looked and people will look and read all this other personal stuff too, its human nature, its wrong but it happens.
Fabrication of the first aircraft is well underway with the company’s Belfast division having shipped wing spars and skins to Bombardier’s new manufacturing plant in Querétaro, Mexico, dedicated to the model. Final assembly, flight testing and customer delivery of the aircraft will take place at the company’s Wichita, Kan., facility, which has undergone a major expansion to accommodate the new model.
If you are single and filing jointly, you might need some professional help.
It's cold out there! Our new fall weather really brings it home that winter is coming and flu season is here. If you haven't thought about the flu yet this year, now is the time to get active about staying well this flu season.
It seems that we’re being given unhelpfully contradictory clues scattered throughout the complete text, and are left with the challenge of fitting the pieces together ourselves into some sort of coherent structure, requiring an excessively generous dose of deductive logic to do so. It might not be irreconcilable, but it doesn’t help your case when you need to work from the assumption that everything you’re reading is true, and then make stuff up to keep this assumption feasible.
soldiers, and those who continue to risk their lives so that we may be free.
1. Alex Grimaldis (BH) 46; 2. Emily Corrigan (U) 47; 3. Christianna Wymbs (BH) 48; 4. Alessandra Ricigliano (U) 51; 5. Daniela Leuthold (U) 56; 6. Morgan Goodman (U) 60; 7. Jeanne Steuerer (U) 61; 8t. Kim Bacon (BH) 63, Sara Mascia (U) 63; 9. Lauren Taub (BH) 69; 10. Erica Mack (BH) 72.
I took a long walk this morning and explored some areas I have not been to like One Tree Hill. Lovely but could not compare with my Dulwich Woods.
Matching thread looks best...but as you'll see I didn't for two of my cardigans. You use so little thread with this project...and I'm cheap. :)
Sunday Lunch Magazine
The image above was taken on my very first morning in Nebraska. It was nine years ago and I was being interviewed for the teaching position I am now leaving behind. I remember being amazed at how long the sunrise lasted—I was used to Houston where, by virtue of being nearer the equator, dawn becomes day more quickly than it does here. (If that seems strange, think for a moment of Alaska, where the sun can hover on the horizon for a large part of the day. It’s all about latitude.)
I know Michael has expressed his own thoughts on who is behind this smear campaign, but I also have my own thoughts too, and I do not rule out the possibility that this could be a disgruntled ‘vanity publisher’, as Michael calls so many author solutions services, or someone operating on behalf of one of them. Yes, I’ve my own thoughts on which it might be. There also remains the possibility it is actually someone in Michael's own locale, which is even more disturbing.
The pacing of Immortal Death is great. Every time I turned a page, the tension increased. Demetrius has always blamed the Malachite family for Rosaline’s death, but as the story progressed, it became clear that this wasn’t the case. Demetrius doesn’t know who his enemies really are. I flew through the pages and little by little the past was brought to light. I was able to fit some of the pieces of the puzzle together before Demetrius, but I must admit that I was completely shocked and horrified at how deep and far reaching the betrayal and its consequences actually went.
Can you believe it is March already!
Brit photographer Alex Livesey thought it his duty to take pictures and ensure they got into the hands of the media. Sour grapes? Furthering ones career on the misery of others. Oops! I forgot, that's what the media do!
He stoops and continues to write about them on the ground and they begin to realize what he is writing and they see their performance has been in vain. The elders, being of course the more important of the scribes and Pharisees and seeking the most glory when they catch Jesus are situated at the front of the crowd so they are the first to realize what is happening and they just turn and walk away. As they move others are able to get closer and get a clear view. Soon they too understand and they also turn and leave. Soon all the men are gone but the woman is still staring at Jesus completely oblivious to the fact that her theater troop has gone.
Okay, I realize that multiple things I listed do actually take batteries, but I'm talking toys here, not baby gear. I am trying hard to keep those types of toys out of the house, but I know in the long run it will be a futile effort. As a friend told me, the first year people buy cute clothes and books to impress the mom...and starting with the one year birthday people buy loud flashy toys to impress the kid. But until then, hopefully she can survive without Baby's First Singing and Talking Laptop.
Many in the news media are prepared with specials already crafted that
Long live Snook!
Occupy Wall Street: 'Pepper-spray' officer named in Bush protest claim -- Anthony Bologna, NYPD officer accused of pepper-spray incident, is accused of civil rights violations at the time of the 2004 Republican national convention protests...
Love will change its tune
Originally, today was just going to be all research, work, and stuff like that. This morning started with two hours of Vietnamese class. We keep on going over a ton of new stuff in class and then I forget it by the next day. I can’t really remember what we went over this morning except we went over it a lot.
Saturday, April 28
- drudgery
The forlorn and increasingly desperate climate campaign achieved a new level of ineptitude last week when what had looked like a minor embarrassment for one of its critics<U+200B>—<U+200B>the Chicago-based Heartland Institute<U+200B>—<U+200B>turned out to be a full-fledged catastrophe for itself. A moment’s reflection on the root of this episode points to why the climate campaign is out of (greenhouse) gas.
The New York Times, or as SayUncle appropriately calls it, the paper of making things up, let slip a little bit of honesty today. In the midst of a column opining that if we could just agree on "reasonable gun regulation" the National Rifle Association would cease to exist, Andrew Rosenthal had this to say:
Have you been reading along with Julianne? Perhaps you’ve missed a stop on her fantastic Days with the Undead: Book One tour? No need to worry, we’ve done another round-up for you so that you can caught up and perhaps enter yourself in some giveaways to win a free copy of the book!
And (following my head, not my heart)
as a weapon being thrown around for a while
The babies I have now were born in a smaller tank, before I got the big tank up and running, so when I made the move, I left them in the smaller tank for a while. They had a chance to grow a bit without worrying about being eaten, which the next batch probably won't, but hopefully the lovely plants given to me by a very generous father of a friend will provide enough cover for the new babies to hide out and stay away from the adults.
I plan to take all the kids up to see her on Sunday and bring her some gifts. I hope that will raise her spirits some and I hope she's got to eat by then as well. Overall I would say she's doing well on adjusting, I just wish things could go back to what they used to be. I know it can't/won't happen but I can pray.
Indeed, paintball is considered a great deal, as they can be the commercial paintball locations means you will move up from the free game online paintball play are expensive and they can be separated and switched as the free game online paintball play are too much of your more expensive to a point, they're correct. However when it comes to paintball. Yet if perhaps an individual look at the free game online paintball play of the free game online paintball play and also in a safe environment. Yes, paintball is declared the free game online paintball play and every particular judgment, in addition a little more expensive equipment commitments, it's also a very short period of time. The only exception is when that player is being protected by other players. But the free game online paintball play a a lot more expensive. Paintball guns range from the free game online paintball play will provide private catered events for the free game online paintball play. As paintball involves lots of running, diving and crawling, the free game online paintball play. Like any gun, you may find that the free game online paintball play is the Tippmann 98 Power Pack contains the free game online paintball play a reduced impact when fired from a gun, however, it bursts on impact and leaves large splatter of paint.
No, surely not! It was just a group of hotheads - they don't speak for the wider police and white Christian communities!
If you have asked God for something, you must prepare during the process. Most requests don’t happen instantaneously; there is a waiting period. Maximize this opportunity as your gift of time to prepare. If you are given everything you’ve believed for within 15 minutes of reading this, would you be ready to receive it; or would you suddenly find yourself scrambling to prepare? Don’t lose hope and begin to prepare and expect your dreams to come true. If you’ve stopped preparing, regroup and do those things that are necessary to get ready. Remember God has promised to give you and me the desires of our heart. So let’s remain in a state of readiness to receive the promises of God. We have come much too far to even consider turning back. Stand firm on His promises with the confidence of knowing, God’s power and provisions will always exceed our cleverness and our failures.
My internet is out at my house until Tuesday. Honestly, it’s no big deal unless I want to watch some Arrested Development on Netflix….oh well.
When I once lived in paradise
W.D. Wis. - 30.0%
The cranberry stands alone in all her ruby-red glory in this simple recipe, adapted from here. Baked instead of simmered in the saucepan, this sauce tastes wonderful with roasts of all sorts, or even over ice cream. Try stirring some of this into your favorite orange marmalade to create a pink-hued marvel to spread over scones...or give as a gift.
As James Swan has noted, however, Roman Catholic Bibles are Bigger than Athanasius’ Bible. They include “The Wisdom of Solomon, and the Wisdom of Sirach, and Esther, and Judith, and Tobit,” which Athanasius indicated that he did not accept as part of the canon of inspired Scripture.
Ironically (for those that know me) the plane that would be whisking me to new surroundings was decked out in F1 livery. The excitement of new adventures finally kicks in as the boarding announcement sounds. Even walking through the tunnel surrounded by HSBC (acronym for Horrendously-Stupid-Banking-Corporation) advertisements wasn’t enough to deter me from the flight ahead.
This song is very inspirational and I love it.
“Curiouser and curiouser,” said Alice, as life got larger and larger in Wonderland. It’s a phrase I quite like, and find myself muttering rather frequently, sometimes for big reasons, but mostly for small.
The inside of the card has another sentiment from the SU "Home For Christmas" set, matted in the punched green CS, from the front of the card. The stamped brackets are from HOTP "Medallions & Corners" stamp set.
The Score
Second, the Court observes that, according to the Directive, the purchaser of a software licence has the right to observe, study or test the functioning of that software in order to determine the ideas and principles which underlie any element of the program. Any contractual provisions contrary to that right are null and void. Furthermore, the determination of those ideas and principles may be carried out within the framework of the acts permitted by the licence.
And tomorrow is the day.
I gathered the fabric flowers in the center and placed a small white flower on top before assembling with the brad.
and bridal murmurs
Carly: If I live with you where will my kids sleep?
i've decided to skip the morning workout today,
The Factory was located on the third floor. When Warhol moved The Factory here, Union Square was a den of gypsies, tramps and thieves. In addition to the Petco, Union Square now has a big Barnes & Noble and a busy McDonalds. I think he'd approve.
Warren L. Batts
& there's nothing here that says, Heaven
6 Lost John
She made to get out of her seat. I was transfixed and only noticed Ibrahim, my friend when he snapped his fingers in my face. I looked up, Ibrahim was a friend I made in law school. Our love for the weirder things in life brought us together and since that fateful day when he came up to me and said
9) The edges of the rectangle should be even and straight.
So what is the project? Solar-powered and lit from within, with a DVD player and monitors, it tries to rethink the hospital waiting room; in fact, the cartoon-like, festive structure with a kind of external tattoo of abstract graphics, is "sited at Policlinico Umberto 1, Rome's largest public hospital, and one that has been recently controversial because of scandals of unsafe and unsanitary conditions."As an "enlightenment" era hospital, it was planned in a decentralized way, with specialities (pediatrics, respiratory maladies, contagious diseases) distributed throughout the campus, with no single central space. The project attempts to create a centralized space for all kinds of waiting (waiting for an appointment, to be picked up, the diagnosis of a loved one, for treatment, convalescing to recover).As Inaba himself explained in a recent issue of Art Review, the real purpose was “to create an environment to cope with our restlessness, if not through easing the irritation of having to wait, then at least through distraction from it."
RODRIGUEZ: Promised you?
Personality: 9021-OHIO NICE GUY
Hello, stamping and paper crafting friends! I have something TOTALLY out of the ordinary for you today! :) I recently mentioned that I will be doing two monthly workshops starting in April--one in my home and one about 30 miles away. The one that meets 30 miles away also incorporates an ATC swap each month that I will be participating in. Next month's theme is "Retro." And that is totally NOT something I do usually.
And yes, I know you could arrest without a warrant…but come nah man…is 6 months all yuh planning this thing!
Here are your random numbers:117
But back to my original point: I got an email that I’ve attained the new cert “Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate” on Windows 2008. Being always suspicious of “free” stuff I immediately put 2 and 2 together and saw that my new cert was MCSA, which has always been the lesser of Microsoft certs. I’d seen all the articles lately saying that they were completely changing the program again for Windows 8 (now 2012) so I assumed that when the new software got released that I’d have to change over. Who knew that you needed to re-up before the new one even came out??
The wrinklies all had a superb chinese banquet at Kam Koon Restaurant in Springwood. I was happy to see Helen and Paul back from their holiday in New Zealand and Ann and George back from their holiday in Cairns. I had a table all to myself but no one gave me any banquet, no wonder I am so skinny. Maybe Ann will feed me some of her delicious jelly slice when we get home.
Then there are those who are literally herding cats. Perhaps they have a house full of the critters. Perhaps they’ve taken an interest in a colony of feral cats, possibly even going to the trouble of participating in trap-neuter-release programs to reduce population growth and improve the health of cats in the colony. Perhaps they volunteer for a local animal shelter, fostering cats who need more special care than they can get in a shelter environment or providing kittens with a highly interactive environment to help them learn the socialization skills that will help them to get adopted.
Head and shoulders, so far as universal popularity is concerned, above other brands, stands out Guinness. Some of the other Dublin brands come remarkably near a prototype; but none has, or, at all events in pre-war days had quite full measure of the Guinness touch. Cork stouts have a delightful soft palatability and a distinction of their own.
Rumi – The Essential Rumi – Coleman Barks
We got rid of our couches!! I did love my slipcovers, but my highly energetic 4 year old is a major couch jumper, and keeping those things on, are near impossible with him. It's been a good 2-3 year run with them, so I'm not complaining. We are selling off the large couch and slipcovers in a garage sale this weekend, but keeping the small loveseat with it's slipcovers to cozy up another room.
Mondays are just going to be those kinds of days this summer, I can tell. We start early and go late, and every moment in between is completely full of non-stop tennis. Last night, when we finally got home and started cooking supper, near eight o'clock, Joshua lay down on the couch and promptly fell asleep. Joshua never just falls asleep. Joshua lays in bed, reading for hours after lights out.
John would go up there and ice skate, and Dan would too. But one day John asked to go up there, and I said sure.
08-04 Las Vegas, NV – Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino
It still wasn't bad though. Naturally, my biggest accomplishment was my lace vest.
Did I mention there's even a 'Bryce Guide To Paris' in the back of this edition, with a list of all my favourite Parisian bars, cafes and restaurants?
Twisted Pine Brewing Company Billy's Chilies Beer (Timberline Series)
Selby: Hi Mama! Welcome home!
“One of these days I expect to climb this staircase and find your skeleton draped over that scrying bowl.”
"Whatever. Send me the screener."
Her vital signs began to improve almost immediately after surgery, but still had a ways to go. Since then her vitals are mostly in the 'normal' range with a couple of exceptions.
Will it work? The new site is easier to figure out and more business friendly, but there have also been some murmurings that the new Twitter looks a lot like the old Facebook.
fund reserves are exhausted in 2036, one year earlier than was
Imagine if, by some means unknown, the Muslim population of the Netherlands as a fraction of the whole were to halve overnight, from 6% to 3%. This huge change would have no significant effect on the long-term trajectory of Islamization in the country. It would merely delay it by as long as it took it to rise from 3% to 6% in the first place, if one assumes identical growth profiles both times. This period, surely not more than two decades, would be a historical blink of the eye. Delaying the Islamization of a country in this highly unrealistic manner, though hugely beneficial in and of itself, does not represent a solution to the problem. Indeed, it ensures its continuation. As such, the Muslim population of a country seeking to avoid Islamization must be stabilized, and at a level low enough to remove Islam from the public sphere.
I absolutely LOVE this necklace. This ceramic Wing Spread Owl pendant is from Jean Christen. I recently got a bunch of Jean's beads, and this was one that I picked out of the bunch she sent me. I used long curved brass tubes, and ceramic rounds from Keith O'Connor. The bronze toggle is from Saki Silver.
Have a wonderful day with lots of Vintage style. Deborah
Since then, Mac’s life has been turned upside down. She is being haunted by Amy in her dreams, and an extremist group called the Trackers has come to Mac’s hometown of Hemlock to hunt down Amy’s killer: A white werewolf.
I love that none of these are over $20. I've had good luck with footwear from Target but I think that's because I'm realistic. Sandals are fine to get cheap, you won't run into the same issues are you might with cheap enclosed pumps or boots. They don't have to be real leather and it's nice you don't have to worry about them. I've had good luck with the Converse and slippers from there too.
Well somehow it's July, and as it's the first Friday of the month that means it's time for our 'digi day' challenge at Stamp Something. We have lots of fab sponsors so loads of great prizes to be won :o)
D.H: Time Out!
- C5 white card stock
The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.
If you don't have one, you need one.
mint, for garnish
To make ridiculous claims as EC’s chairperson Abdul Aziz Yusof did in an interview with a Chinese daily, Sin Chew Jit Poh, which appeared on April 21 has further strengthened the rakyat’s belief that the EC is a “no brainer”, its existence dictated by the “powers-that-be”.
Answer: first one, not the latter.
Whether the description is disgraceful and derogatory depends on how the politician is perceived to be using his/her shrewdness in attaining the success of his/her political agenda.
CRITICAL SUPPLIES WILL STILL BE DISTRIBUTED
Before serving, stir in the frozen peas, season to taste, and serve hot.
Several weeks ago, I had a "tummy" bug and finally started "Pinning" on Pinterest. There is a linky on my right sidebar if you'd like to head over. It's kind of like a "Wishbook" that you create of all your Favorite things. If you haven't clicked on over,,I'd highly recommend it. So MANY gorgeous images/ideas and inspirations for what ever YOU like to do!
Unfortunately my Butler Bulldogs didn't make it this year! But there is a new underdog to route for, The Creighton Blue Jays! It will be great to watch and cheer on my little sisters school (who knows how far they will make it)!
I'm sitting here, New Years Eve, relaxing by the crackling fireplace with a glass of wine (oops...it's empty...brb) and my laptop. I don't know that life gets any more relaxing. Tammy has been in the office all afternoon and evening taking calls from people in search of medical assistance, sussing out their needs and coordinating any required help. Our most mild and brown winter is going to have a new look when we wake up in the morning as snow is falling heavily. I'm ok with that. I've got a new snowblower that is itching to show me what it can do as well as my Mukluk. They both thrive on snow. I'm becoming more accepting of it.
I will share some more over the weekend.
Pyg: The Memoirs of Toby, the Learned Pig
And too, I suppose I’m more of a hobby writer. I have my moments of absolute dedication, but it has to fit in my working life. I won’t deny I make a darned good income for my area, but I’ve incurred a lot of debt in raising my kids as a single parent. Paying my bills is my top priority.
Secret documents that Chen smuggled out with him show how oppression of the Falun Gong outside of China has not been limited to the United States. Here are a few of the more prominent cases:
Amenable of such squat close up, it online shop germany be offers united states handful of out of your flat costs.
Dare to believe that he has planned greater things right around the corner for the ones you love. Hold your loved ones before the throne and count on God's answer in their lives. Don't let your ability or inability to think your way around circumstances hold you back. Pray and rest. Then pray some more.
Residents are lied to, reports of the facts are sporadic at best especially by the local rag. Rather than the elected representatives spending their time attempting to discredit the BNP at every given opportunity and for many of them using their position to recruiting for the various organisations that they represent lets see them work for us. They have no distraction this time round or excuses that they need to defend the area from the BNP, they now have to show substance.
That we will enter in this rest with wonders anew
I did what I was instructed to do, try them in both the toasted and un-toasted variety and I was warned that they are quite sweet. But I have to admit pop-tarts taste better than I thought they would, even if the sweetness does make your teeth crawl and a sugary aftertaste lingers on the back of your tongue, stuck there no matter how many sips and gulps of tea you take.
6 ounces fresh raspberries, rinsed
4) I'm not anxious for spring one bit. Spring means clean up. And since it's so hot I started nearly a month before last year, and finished on 3/10. The pressure of spring is pissing me off. Get off my back, spring. I'm warning you. Step off, punk.
I haven't had a weekend...much less a beer weekend in months. So I took advantage of a weekend off to attend the Draught House 41st Anniversary Party.
Mountain Sun Pub & Brewery Colorado Kind Ale
He was not given any treatment the whole day and his fever stayed on. When we enquired, he was given antibiotics intravenously around midnight.
Then there are the ones that are more technically minded. The ones that love the diseases, the machines, the procedures, the lab values, and of course they kinda like the people too.
“Fuck you,” he replied, and looked over at me. “Ernie is beautiful woman.”
6. Clean your closet
At the January 26 cabinet meeting, Carlo Scissura, special advisor to Brooklyn Borough President Marty Markowitz, asked if the number of workers would increase as the opening date of the arena approaches in September.
With social tolerance, we can live in a civil society extending friendship and showing respect and courtesy to people who differ from you, whether that difference is something as large as religious truth or as small as which sports team is superior. When people say that Jesus preached tolerance, He did preach this kind of tolerance, seen quite obviously in the commands to love our neighbors as ourselves (Matthew 22:39) and to love our enemies (Matthew 5:43-48). Not that those who differ from us are our enemies (in context, His listening audience would have understood enemies as those who wished them physical harm), but if we are to love even our enemies, how much more so our friends and acquaintances and all the people we interact with?
Abby screamed. Sam jumped to the side and her father steadied her.
To finish it, place a corn cake on the plate with some pork and gravy over top of it. Garnish with a little parsley, and voila! A simple and fun way to use up some leftovers.
“Well, are you hungry?” I asked.
In honor of St. Patrick's Day, please make a project that has something to do with green!
Jesus asking the cup to be taken away did not want to escape death. The cup was the shame and ignominy of arrest as a law-breaker, a public trial and conviction, and subsequent crucifixion as a malefactor. As any normal man would do, Jesus was not sure that he could stand this or would be able to fulfil the request His Father had made. He not doubted the Father but himself. He did not want to fail in order to be missing the ability to save so many lives. Jesus was exceeding fearful of himself, fearful lest he should make a misstep and thus spoil the entire Gods Plan" href="http://christadelphians.multiply.com/tag/plan%20van%20god" target="_blank">plan of God which he had so obediently undertaken and thus far so loyally performed. Though God’s measure is not our measure Jesus did not mind to live according God’s measures and to die as a blasphemer or murderer.
This takes me back to the Carling Cup final of 2011. Arsenal’s best chance of a trophy for six years, against a Birmingham team bound for relegation.
But then one day, their blissful existence of driving holidays in the USA and Beverly Hills 90210 came to an abrupt end. Tearfully on the stairs after realising something was going on with her, she confessed to me that yes, her and flatmate had been an item since university, but now flatmate had pursued and caught a friend of theirs and it was all over. Yes, she admitted, she was gay.
1) Go for “Organic, always, as much as one can afford. 100% would be ideal.
2) Did you have a crappy day? Did someone really make you angry? Put it all down on paper baby. Next time you are writing an angry scene and need some inspiration, grab your journal. Or, better yet, is one of your MCs going through something you are having trouble relating to? Try thinking about a time in your life when you felt the same way your MC might be feeling and recall those memories to your journal pages. You might have more in common with your MC than you think.
Paper Cup Exit
Who are these men with covert ways who bring Earth its pain? They are the men who cannot help. Who are the women who must be helped but who can only maim? They say, these men and women, that they’ll help and then they make a thorough shambles of it all.
Meanwhile back at home the finance company took his car
If we are without a mask to hide behind, then what is lost, and what is gained?
07-08 Dublin, Ireland – Phoenix Park
We have already secured the funds for another iPad thanks to the support of a couple of HEAVY-HITTING donors, and we are inches away from another, both of which we should be announcing officially next week, at which time I will also go over the Random Drawing we did and a few other dangling issues I want to cover.
That's a good reason to hold on to beads you might not like that much. One day you might discover something in them that you never saw before or you find something else that could use those half forgotten beads, tucked away behind the more attractive ones, to complete the design. You just never know.
There came a time when I could no longer keep up this secrecy. Not because I didn’t want to, but because the lifestyle I was leading could not be supported. I would stay up all night with note cards, ready to separate them in different piles after I had written down every word she had spoken. I would even try to guess which she would place in her “Favorites” stack. This only lasted for maybe eight or nine weeks before I began feeling a little crazy. Not only was I no closer of deciphering her somniatic messages, but I never slept. I began to use the time once dedicated to searching through her lunch boxes to catch up on much needed sleep.
UPDATE:::::::ALABAMA 24-6 halftime!
Use a lot of Lotion - Out in the sun and at the solarium use high factor SPF’s to gradually build your tan.
On: Watch
There is an interesting pattern of Directorships and ownerships, however, to this company. Almost as if Mr Entri was anxious to conceal his deep involvement? After all, to be connected to a company, which has just received a RM2.6 million construction award from the Ministry of Public Works, which is his own portfolio, would possibly be something that even a BN YB in Sarawak might seek to keep quiet!
Never ask me a question unless you want me to annoyingly overanalyze it.
45. Vanilla Cupcakes: I saw this recipe over on Glorious Treats and knew I had to give it a go. It was very simple (and I even used her milk/lemon juice trick instead of the buttermilk). I iced them with her vanilla cream cheese frosting, but I thought it kind of overpowered the vanilla cupcake. I think when I make these again, I’ll try my favorite vanilla buttercream instead. Even still…it’s a cupcake…how can you go wrong?
Obama and his proxy, NATO, ended airstrikes in Libya after Qaddafi's brutal sodomy and murder by pro-sharia jihadists. Obama has maintained air patrols. The seventh-month billion-dollar campaign destroyed 5,900 military targets through 9,600 strike sorties. 30,000 shoulder-to-arm missiles have been looted, many showing up in the hands of the Jew-hating ghazis in Gaza. So what has Obama's war wrought?
How do his words effect and entertain you?
Voilà, here it is! I put a coffee mug and my specs next to it to give you an idea of its size.
Elizabeth Hand – Prince Of Flowers
Edit...
accused for this time period is 4.36% if we rely on the CARA figures
In the meanwhile I put my plants out on the balcony again while the weather had become warmer. Also our pigeon couple seemed to get more accustomed to our presence and did not take off immediately any more when I openend the door. But they still flew away as soon as I came nearer than about 3 meters. And then one day, when I was watering my plants, I realized that Emma had silently built a “nest” behind a large planting pot with chlorophytum, that I had placed on another very large planting pot, that was filled with earth, just beneath the long leaves that were hanging from the pot. And she had laid 2 eggs. So what to do now?
A Partial History of Lost Causes by Jennifer Dubois Contest Winner!
Your life will have length
The golf course developer has nearly finished his land- fill operation and has been lobbying the council to reduce the size of the golf course down to 9 holes instead of the planned 18! He wants a substantial housing/retail/industrial allocation near the A27 end for a substantial development. He is also seeking a housing allocation north of the proposed BHA site for an additional 400 houses. This is how we have arrived at our projection of up to 1200 houses eventually.
And as she cried,
S: lies? oh i lie when somebody's head is on fire. (????)
The big blowhard Arnold Schwarzenneger, who as Republican governor of California became a lap-dog for the far left Democrats, is now opining on what's wrong with the Republican Party. According to this blowhard, who quickly sold out every Republican principle as soon as he got to Sacramento, the GOP is "rigidly ideological" and more wedded to dogma than finding solutions to problems. Or so he says in the Los Angeles Times column "GOP, take down that small tent."
The stories were obviously patterned on the Sherlock Holmes stories except that Flaxman Low is the brilliant amateur investigator you call in when you’re menaced by a ghost. It’s unfortunate the authors didn’t write more of these stories as they seemed in the later installments to be evolving more and more towards the pattern of the Sherlock Holmes stories with young Dr Gerald d’Irman playing the Dr Watson role and it would have been interesting to see where later stories might have gone.
I offered to loan Eamon my postcards. For the second time lately he said, "You're very generous" but didn't want to see them because they would depress him. In his youth Eamon ran copy and proofs for the ads for all the merchants and nobody knows better than he how much has disappeared.
Along Punggol Waterway, there are small shelters and underneath the road highways. The PCN tracks next to Punggol Reservoir and Serangoon Reservoir have small shelters as well.
He is to be our Outdoor Dog. Though I can't understand why, it would seem my husband doesn't like the idea of another enormous dog sleeping between us.
In the Fantasy section, always the most related topic to that of this blog, I have the pleasure to congratulate our friends of the south for winning this year's Fantasy Best of Show with "The Getaway", a piece I'm sure you must all have seen already:
I’ve of to say, it’s great! I’ve only used it briefly (mainly to have a quick look about and write this post), but the UI is simple and slick and adding posts is easy rather than the chore I was expecting.
What published author didn’t at some point feel that it was nothing but a dream? I don’t know which person in that room is going to be the one. Or the two. Or the ten.
Waylaid him in a Darkened Street.
11 To Be Free 1:10
Have a good night. I have to unglue my hair now.
Thanks for making a smart remark, Senator. I ask you, could anyone other than a “relatively unsophisticated” group be so stupid to fall for this preposterous FBI entrapment script?
Everything seems extra shiny right now. Silver, gold and shimmer. Maybe its the time of year, and retailers are subliminally selling to us...telling us what to buy. Then again they always do that... but lately my eye seems to be attracted to anything reflective. My make-up is a little more sparkly, I am obssessing over a Rose Gold anything....and well jewelry is not always first on my list- (strange for a girl I know) but I've actually got a recurring theme dancing in my head.
I wish you could have been there with me.
From Astute Bloggers:
Many rumours also surround Rassilon's death. One stated that the Time Lords had revolted against him and imprisoned him in the Dark Tower in the Death Zone. Borusa, Lord President and the Doctor's former mentor, believed that Rassilon had discovered a form of true immortality beyond the regenerations known to Time Lords. Borusa uncovered and used several artefacts from the Dark Times, including the Coronet of Rassilon (a mind control device) and the Game of Rassilon. The Doctor discovered the truth when his mentor Borusa used him to try and discover Rassilon's secret: Rassilon did indeed discover immortality, but realised it was too dangerous a secret to share. Borusa was condemned to immortality as a living statue, imprisoned immobile in Rassilon's tomb.
1. As per Nick Hornby's Mixtape Rules from High Fidelity, the first track SHOULD be a great one... but it should also be a statement of purpose about what the album will be about (this has been true since Sergeant Pepper, the first modern album), and the second song should bring things up even higher, if possible-or go somehow further in the direction the album's going. No band has ever (or at least... SHOULD ever) put their most depressing song first. Or the one offbeat song that doesn't match the rest of the album's tone. The Joshua Tree put Bullet The Blue Sky fourth (a good place for a change of pace song), not first. White Stripes' Elephant also changes pace for tracks 4 and 5. Couldn't exactly gone any higher.
Oyster cakes like these are hard to find, and when they are made this good, it certainly is a no-brainer to check this out. And kudos to the lady boss too, for having a big smile for every customer.
And that’s where my momma’s trouble begins…
A little while later another boy puts his hand up and says, “Miss! Miss! I need tae dae a shite.” The teacher gasps: “It’s not a ‘shite’ young man, it’s a Number Two. Now off you go.” And the boy goes off and does his business.
This made me laugh- it will make all you half-bloods out there laugh too. (Even if your god parent wants to kill you.) WATCH THE WHOLE THING!
Ericka Scott is a multi-published, bestselling author of seductive suspense. She's written stories for as long as she can remember and reads anything under the sun (including the back of cereal boxes in a pinch). She got hooked on romantic suspense in her college days, when reading anything but a textbook was a guilty pleasure. Now, when she’s not chauffeuring children around, wishing she had a maid, or lurking at the library, she’s spinning her own web of fantasy and penning tales of seduction and suspense. She currently lives in Southern California with her husband and three
"If she was my mother, I would have wanted her triaged and treated the way she was," Dr. Jack Stanborough said.
This is a treat for fans of Dexter and The Silence Of The Lambs. It has echoes of both of these excellent serial killer tales while retaining its own individuality. As well as Jasper and Billy there are some fantastic supporting characters. Connie, Jasper’s feisty girlfriend is a force to be reckoned with as she attempts to keep the troubled young man on the straight and narrow. Haemophiliac best friend Howie also contributes greatly to the tale and then there’s crazy Grandma Dent to contend with.
Done. We were both ready to go.
A Dangerous Method won’t be joining the ranks of David Cronenberg’s best achievements, or any other top lists for that matter. Let’s hope that his next piece, an adaptation of the marvellous Don DeLillo’s work, Cosmopolis brings him out of this one movie slump.
Almost every major corporation tries to minimize its taxes, of course. For Apple, the savings are especially alluring because the company’s profits are so high. Wall Street analysts predict Apple could earn up to $45.6 billion in its current fiscal year — which would be a record for any American business.
Calling the plan “unprecedented,” lawyer Robin Seligman said the government should have first stopped the intake to clear the backlog. Prospective migrants might now think twice before applying to Canada, she added. “How can you trust this government?”
These are just a few suggestions. Where will you be heading for your spring travel this year?
1245-115- Gay Blades
This is the time to be selfish and unsure and pick the wrong city and forget to turn off the AC when I leave my apartment. Because, oh man, this is also the time when I'm supposed to figure out what I'd like to do with my life... and if I don't make lots and lots of hot messes along the way, how the heck would I ever know what I want?
Meanwhile I ran from the bathroom and, of course, immediately googled 'MY BABY ATE POOP' and instead of sordid tales of e-coli, I found it to be a fairly common and typically harmless occurrence. (Seriously, how did people mother before google?)
Lord Jesus Christ, Son of the living God,
There are many reasons we have chosen to become foster parents, and we love talking about them! A lot of our curious friends and family have posed the question, “Why foster care? Don’t you want your own kids?”.
“How many, victims,” Jerf asked, having obviously picked something up from the Grand Master that Rayloth missed.
Gaddafi’s cover was almost blown back in the year 2000 already during the Lockerbie trial, when the BBC reported that a key witness claimed he was related to a Libyan king and that Gaddafi was involved in an international “Masonic” conspiracy of some sort - (news report here).
I’m so happy to be back at aerial. Plus this time I get to learn trapeze! Fucking trapeze, bitches! I’ve got two lovely lady friends going with me and I couldn’t be more thrilled with the whole damn thing.
The difference? In Saward’s run, when the Doctor was pushed to the side or back, his screen time was replaced by the story, or by brand new characters. In what was probably Saward’s best story (as a writer and scriptwriter), REVELATION OF THE DALEKS, he devoted a lot of screen time to the relatively minor characters of Jobel and Tasambeker. They were semi-interesting characters playing out a semi-interesting sub-plot, but they didn’t really have anything to do with the Doctor.
“There, did you see it! Did you see IT!!!” I cried excitedly to Anne, as we left the shop. “Now That was The Look! A good one too. Did you see it?”
Gnomeo and Juliet
So I have said that I would catch you all up to speed on the arrival of my sweet Isabella, so today is the day that is shall be done. I am going to try to keep it short, but we will see if I actually stick to it!
Level 15: MP Cost: 16, Duration: 150 seconds.
i turn my back while the odds all stand beneath me
My favorite museum is in my hometown and walking distance from where I live. I could spend days at the Metropolitan Museum of Art traveling through the ages in one of its many wings.
It is possible that teatime might solve everything. All our problems gone in one fell swoop, if only we stopped for tea.
The Cathedral, known as Southwell Minister, also marked the bicentenary of the Bramley Apple by commissioning a new stained glass window in 2009 – and very nice it is too!
It’s perfect, our state of hesitance is concluding
It’s at times like this that I realise how thankful I am that I am not one of these actors, that I have an education that includes history and excludes zombie survival, that I have a job where fighting with weapons is purely optional, and that I live in a free nation where no one will ever be able to force me to see a film like this.
A week later I received an email, asking if I would be interested in a full time position at an
“Yes, but apparently they need the money from drug-dealing to feed their families. They say I should stop because I was the one who got her addicted to heroin, and because I don’t actually need the income.”
its too late to weep.
Powered by RANDOM.ORG
So we've opted for 50 Shades of Grey in Book Club and I thought I was going to have to order it via the Library and risk being spotted up to no good by the eternal busybodies that make up country life when a friend up and volunteered her copy.
I made a decent mid-level campaign out of it. My teenage sweethearts’ Elf character Noradama “Nord” Calingref won Castle Krake in a card game, and took her adventurer pals along with her to clear out the Slime God, and the Type 4 Demon and ghoul army of Krakesbourough. That Walking Wet scenario is hella cool, and is pure Judges Guild.
2.) A power to take away other peoples powers.
Your body uses the protein you eat to make lots of specialized protein molecules that have specific jobs. For instance, your body uses protein to makehemoglobin (say: hee-muh-glow-bin), the part of red blood cellsthat carries oxygen to every part of your body.
“What an intrepid lover, Letizia! Tigerli seems to be very well acquainted with sofas!”
Time to put the fine young people at the heart of what we do in this country, because they deserve it.
Third the venues for getting 'viability' sooner are huge. Investment in better pre-natal care, better embryology, better technology and techniques to sustain life outside the womb or transfer a fetus to an alternative host offer many and vital ways to push ever further back the time of 'viability' closer and closer to conception. This will have many side-benefits of children born healthier and with diseases and disorders addressed in the womb to remove birth defects or other systemic disorders and try to address them before they can happen. With the knowledge we have garnered from adult stem cell use, we can examine fetal development and seek to address auto-immune disorders before they happen and correct other genetic deficiencies long, long before birth. The energy into holding the line on life beginning at conception also means we see great value in the first few weeks and months after conception and are willing to invest in charities and for-profit institutions to research this critical time of development. These are important areas as they will also begin to close off the other reasons for abortions: genetic disorders, systemic diseases and other problems that would either kill the fetus or create life limiting conditions after birth. This can be done through existing funds, charities and corporations, or creating new ones specifically devoted to these issues.
Surprisingly, the reduction does NOT stem from expanded diversion programs. Nationwide, 62,816 defendants were "supervised outside of a jail facility" at mid-year 2011, down from 72,852 at the same point in 2008.
All I say is just forget it
* I love gift giving. The more personalized the better. I love picking out just the perfect gift. Etsy is definitely one of my fave places to shop for gifts. Handmade gifts are so fun. Sometimes I find I need to tone it down....I want to give too much. I need to set a budget otherwise I'd go overboard.
Love when I can use scraps and make something really sweet out of it!
Roger Nichols & The Small Circle Of Friends- The Drifter
The Second Saturday Art Walk is always special. Though it is advertised to start late in the day, things really begin happening around lunch time and since Natural Stone Jewelry by Susen Foster will be some of the featured artwork at Simply Oklahoma – THE coolest art gallery in my experience – you can bet that I will be there by noon to hang out with my old and new friends until I wear out.
Shave some chocolate on top of vanilla frosting.
Fastforward to 2010 – Nearly 15 years after Rangeela was released, RGV is now a sad butt of all jokes. From being an example of all things that a film-maker should do, he metamorphosed into an example of all things that a film-maker should not do!
The intruder pointed the gun at him, he said, so he grabbed his own handgun and fired at least twice.
24 Werewolf Arm (a sonnet referring to Chris’ birthmark)
soooo, since i'm a painter-lady, and already had all the supplies on hand, i taped off the tops and bottoms of the red vines:
but there is work to be done...i'm on a roll...and then there is dog maintenance...today i don't mind...but tomorrow, with predicted rain, may be another story...still, she is becoming my very sweetest of companions...she turned one last week...they grow up so fast...
I hear in my heart the playosopher, Playto, encouraging me to write,
Something more happened while I was in Montreal, Canada.. I got involved in reading the Hunger Games books trilogy. Yeah yeah I know … Marketing … I love those teenage books anyway .. I’m a big Harry Potter and Twilight fan … Some will think I’m pathetic. . I’m just like that, I don’t care. I’ve been to Marylin Manson, Shinedown or ACDC gigs as well as Avril Lavigne and Taylor Swift gigs as well. I’m all about opposites. The thing about books is that when I start reading a book I really like, I can’t stop. I won’t be able to do anything else until I finish to read it. My mum’s like that, or I guess I’m just like my mum …
A possessed cheerleader. A cursed gang of criminals. Mysterious telekinetic powers. An angry ex-girlfriend in gym class? One second, sophomore in high school Ted endures his first breakup in his favorite place in town. The next, a mysterious blue light turns him into a worldwide superhero sensation for taking down a posse of grisly murderers. As his views on YouTube increase and his friend Dhiraj tries to capitalize on the marketing potential, his dangers increase as well when a presumed-dead cheerleader begins taking a personal interest. Can Ted survive his first week as a superhero in the public eye? This novella is the first taste in a series of full-length novels about the
RESPECT.
Jenny Jones? Green? Er, enough said. A bit like Paddick but with less forced anal sex. But more windmills and tofu.
It is this latter book that will be the subject of tonight's talk, which is brought to you by the Brooklyn Brainery. (Tickets are $8 and can be purchased here).
My lenten sacrifice is going well though. I only ate meat on Sunday, and then I cooked it last night, and we're having knockoff Chipotle tonight, so meat again. Maybe Friday will be my other vegetarian day this week since they'll be leftovers for tomorrow's dinner I'm sure.
I have always been interested in the problem of breech babies,2 having been one myself.
By now, if you’ve been checking in to see what weapon of mass destruction I’m featuring, you know I generally give a little bit of information from Wikipedia regarding the history of the weapon/ship/plane. This time I’ll let you look here to read all about the U. S. Army Hawk Missile.
To make the chocolate mousse, simply melt the chocolate chips in a double boiler (a metal pot or bowl sitting atop a pot of water over medium heat). Stir the chips until they are just melted and silky. Let the melted chocolate cool a bit and then add it to the whipped cream. Fold it in gently so the whipped cream stays light. Spoon the mixture into serving glasses and refrigerate for at least an hour or until it sets up. Top with whipped cream, chocolate chips or your other favorite toppings. Enjoy!
Tsubaki’s insecurity takes it’s first hit (this week) when he runs into his best friend Ueno kissing fellow classmate Oka. After last weeks Q&A session, it comes as a great surprise to Tsubaki that his friend has a girlfriend, and a secret one at that! But in a pattern that we’ve seen already, Tsubaki begins to feel a level of insecurity and jealousy that leads him to wanting more from his relationship with Urabe. This constant insecurity forces Urabe to once again teach him a lesson through the power of drool. In a dream brought on a by a special day’s drool, Tsubaki realizes that a kiss is pointless if the feelings between them aren’t aligned. When she confronts him the next day, he shares his revelation with her, and their relationship returns to normal.
I will raise my throne
I should forbid myself from blogging anything, now that I’m very busy at the moment, particularly on that issue.
I am absolutely amazed at the support shown in the last post. It proves, yet again, what a close and caring community we have here. I wish I could give you a hug, or shake your hand, but all I can do is say thank you.
I am guilty of neglecting this blog, it has been a little while since i last updated.
recently on a sunny Sunday afternoon our Portland Wuwo Tea Ceremony group was able to enjoy tea outdoors.
The reason? The very track you can listen to right here, entitled ‘Lost & Found’. The moments those vintage piano notes ring out with that natural reverb, you know you’re on to something special, and then that voice kicks in. I’m at a loss for words to describe it and do it justice. Transcendental. It makes the hairs stand up on the back of my neck. When Lianne sings those words, you don’t hear them, you feel them. You feel her pain, her hurt, through the trembling quiver in her soft and soothing vocal melodies. It’s a rare quality to truly shake someone to the core with your voice, but this track nearly had me in tears, and I’ll have no shame in admitting that.
Last but not least, learning a language can create a zest for building communication skills. Individual and family dynamics may develop exponentially. Likewise, confidence and self-awareness are bolt-ons.
"Voyage" continues where "Adventure" left off with more strange sonic cosmos and amazing percussive tones and moods. Essentially "Voyage" was a live in studio jam which got carried away one evening and was captured on tape for the world to enjoy. Once again we are surrounded by the electronic genius of Joel Vandroogenbroeck and his gang of merry men. "Voyage" seems to be more devoted to exploring the percussive side of their music in sharp contrast to "Adventure" and "Celestial Ocean". "Voyage Part 1" would certainly rank as one of my all time electronic Krautrock favs. 3 more bonus tracks have been included as well in the same vein as those found on "Adventure". (James Unger progarchives.com)
I am ready to do it.
Imagine that, an individual, although we know it’s a particular faction, attacks a faith group knowing the reaction it may cause, knowing that in the ensuing conflict created by them somebody may get killed and they don’t care ,they really don’t care. AAWR operates somewhat differently to most nationalist sites, rather than adopting the new line, we and certainly this writer believes that traditional nationalism is the only way, that contestation of any and all groups who undermine, attack or exploit us is both desirable and indeed necessary. Indeed it is easy to look about us, to view the wider world and to see the hand of Zion creating mischief, it seems that all of the world’s great religions can be attacked, that centuries old faith systems can simply be ridiculed, their adherents belittled regardless of cost to peace and stability.
White bodies naked on the low damp ground
and i'd had my eye on tolix chairs for months.
There will be those, I am sure, who think this is a cowardly act. It was over fifty years ago, after all, when I turned my back on the old family firm of William Blunt & Sons to embark on a career in newsprint. It seems like only yesterday.
in my mind.
This year is going to be a big year for the super hero movie. We have The Dark Knight Rises, The Amazing Spider-Man, and The Avengers all coming out in one year. While I am excited about all three (especially the end of The Dark Knight trilogy), I absolutely can not wait for The Avengers. This movie has a lead in that is unprecedented, in that it is building off of four other movie franchises (granted not all four were huge successes). It even managed to keep all but one of the original actors from those separate franchises. That is insane!
The endocrinologist prescribed them late Friday and I couldn't bring myself to go out and get them.
Most small businesses attempt to perform bookkeeping responsibilities as a way to save some money. The reality is that when a professional takes on the responsibility, it not only saves a ton of time and stress, but it allows the owner to do other aspects of the business that will help it grow.
My niece has a pet tarantula bigger than my fist. She has raised him from a baby and handles him regularly. I won’t go anywhere near her when she has him out because he’s hairy and creepy looking. She offered to let me pet him once, but I refused on principle. Any spider big enough to pet should either be released into the wild or (if it comes in my house) killed on the spot.
So, really lite week. Hopefully we'll be back to normal next week.
What a relief! It’s not my job anymore to fix him. It never was my job, though I certainly did make it mine. Whether he believes in God, as I do, or not, God still love him, and watches him, and any of his behavior falls into God’s providence, not mine. Oh, thank God! I can truly let go now and hopefully forgive! Amen to that!
“I would do whatever I pleased, Darcy James." Charlotte exchanged looks with her husband, “I’m giving you my cell phone, though, just in case. Norma asked me to check on her girls as she calls them, because Matthew and Michael going out on assignment. I can’t do much but maybe I could cook.”
So, without further ado...
Jules and I read this book today and attempted to balance apples on our heads, which is a very hard thing to do. If you have never tried it, I suggest you do, so that you can appreciate the difficulty of what you're about to see.
Tonight we go for our tour of the new hospital where we'll have this baby... which makes everything even more real! Our doctors are now delivering at a brand new hospital in Mt. Pleasant, instead of the nice new one where we had Alli... so we need to get a feel of where L&D is, where the postpartum unit is, cafeteria for Dad-E, etc. Who knows, it could only be 3 weeks or so until this little one decides they want to join our nutty family! But, I don't know, if they can hear their crazy sister, crazy dog, and crazy parents, they may just want to stay put inside where it's safe for now. All I know is I can't wait to hold an infant again!!
If you missed last night’s reading, no worries–there’s another one May 8 at the Artists Union Gallery in Ventura.
So I stopped my car on the way back home through the forest, and picked armfulls of branches of orange and yellow oak leaves, and then stopped by the shops and bought some chrysanthemums- I love the smell, and the pompom-ones are so great looking ( just like pompom Dahlia's in late summer ) - and some roses, to make an Autumn table setting before we start with all the Christmassy things...
The olive tree is known for being extremely prolific, and at the base of nearly every olive tree are ten or more new shoots springing from the roots. Olive groves grow easily, and trees can thrive and be healthy for hundreds of years. Psalms 128:3 “Your wife shall be like a fruitful vine in the very heart of your house; your children like olive plants all around your table.”
So this is my New Beginning, I intend to mark my existence in the Internet, I see many doing this, I want to be part of the people that need to say something. 2012 year for change, lets make it happen. LOVE PEACE AND HAPPINESS TO ALL!!!
Non-black link
To be young, in France, and in love: fourteen year old Desiree can’t believe her good fortune. Her fiance, a dashing and ambitious Napoleon Bonaparte, is poised for battlefield success, and no longer will she be just a French merchant’s daughter. She could not have known the twisting path her role in history would take, nearly breaking her vibrant heart but sweeping her to a life rich in passion and desire.
If someone is not a Christian, and is involved in homosexual activity, chances are that no amount of preaching is going to change their mind. Their position is fostered by the sinful nature which dwells within, and from which, without Christ, they have no escape. To them, homosexuality is just a lifestyle, whether they believe it is the way they were born, or it is a choice. Society has accepted this stance as well and just serves to nurture their belief that there is nothing wrong with what they are doing. For this reason, the primary goal should be to reach these people with the gospel of Christ. Until and unless they receive the Lord, they will have no reason to seek to change. So proclaiming the gospel to these people is the most loving thing we can do for them.
Didn’t the PM say she paid her sister out of her own pocket? Then how come the Cabinet approved funding for Vidwattie Newton. What happened to that? Was it a lie?
Hello all and welcome to todays blog hop for World Wide Marriage day hosted by Crafty and Green, Tina.
1994 The Queen and France's President Francois Mitterrand formally opened the Channel Tunnel during two elaborate ceremonies in France and Britain.
Back in the naughty noughties a fifty-one-year-old Baptist minister was found dead in his Alabama home wearing not one but two wet suits and sundry bits of exotic rubber underwear, with a dildo up his arse. (The cover-up of the doubly-covered-up deceased finally fell before a Freedom of Information Act request.)"
But then, whilst cleaning, I made around fifty odd trips up and down the stairs – exercise.
Voilà, Butterfly Lucy fully colored! Please feel free to ask if you have any questions, I'll do my best to reply ASAP! I won't be around much this week, I have a crazy week at work and a craft show in Paris on Saturday, and my blog is going to be quiet:-) But I'll be back next week...Thank you for visiting, have a wonderful day!
What is your favorite religious craft you make for Lent?
My dress is a "Kari" dress if there ever was one. Seriously ... this is the kind of dress that I like to think was made with me (or my lifestyle) in mind. It's simple and comfortable, and it's what I've always gravitated to when I bought clothes — I went for comfort, and not style, and I didn't venture very far out of that comfort zone.
7. Champions commit themselves to the ministry of a local church. They don’t float around! Only those who are planted in the courts of our God will flourish (Psalms 92:12-14). And don’t tell me you can’t seem to find a perfect church. Even if you find one, don’t join. Why? You’ll make it imperfect! Find a Bible-based church that teaches the Word of God and connect yourself with that family of faith. Find a place to serve there. Actively participate in the body-life and you’ll see the results.
Something like that. He’s so busy I’m not convinced he knows what his job title is.
And it never bloody slows down.
When he didn’t reply, she let out a sigh of resignation and headed for the door. At the last minute she turned to him. “Thanks for almost making it happen between us.”
Thank you all for taking the time to look at these photos
People in British Columbia are questioning the risk we are being asked to take with our environment and wilderness where this pipeline will snake over and around lakes and rivers and salmon spawning streams.
Frankly, there are three reasons why Patti Page has not been given all the credit she's due. First, is "How Much is That Doggie In the Window." As much money and fame as it's brought her, it's also irritated critics and unfairly labeled her as just a mainstream-novelty performer. (PS, for years, she sang a PETA-type new version of the song, telling people to adopt not buy!) Second, she's middle-America, and the critics working for influential newspapers in New York, Chicago and Los Angeles have never been kind to "people's choice" performers..even national treasures such as Carol Burnett or Red Skelton, or unpretentious writers such as John Steinbeck. Third, too often her record label or her producers were off the mark with what they gave her and how it was arranged. After her cool years at Mercury she moved to Columbia. Imagine if Mitch Miller had produced Simon & Garfunkel or Dylan at Columbia! Way too many of Patti's Columbia albums were ghastly-produced to the point of gassy middle-aged back-up singers and saccharine arrangements. From there, she drifted comfortably into country-pop, which was the only place for any woman of her age to get any work at all.
At the end of January, Arla paid to have the Danish government’s official statement indicating its respect for Islam printed in Saudi newspapers. Then, in a full-page advertisement in newspapers in 25 countries on March 26, Arla stated that “Our presence in the region has given us an insight into your culture and values and about Islam. This understanding has, over many years, enabled us to supply high quality products which meet your preferences.”
In the coal black bush and let them grieve.
The butter was the clincher; look for a post on it later this week.
It can happen if something happens that you can’t explain away anymore, some disaster which seems to invalidate the meaning that your life had before. Really what has collapsed then is the whole conceptual framework for your life, the meaning that your mind had given it. So that results in a dark place. But people have gone into that, and then there is the possibility that you emerge out of that into a transformed state of consciousness. Life has meaning again, but it’s no longer a conceptual meaning that you can necessarily explain. Quite often it’s from there that people awaken out of their conceptual sense of reality, which has collapsed.
I love to read. I love to watch movies. Watching movies made from books I've read...well, that is a different story most of the time.
We did not play on Saturday. The vast majority of us were in Brighton for Jay Schwodler's Stag Weekend. It was there that our manager, Paul Dyke, was shoved off balance by a doorman on the concrete steps outside Revolutions. Ryan Jones, along with a handful of others, saw what happened and threatened the doorman. This public show of unity - albeit from a safe distance and aided by a belly full of lager - was in stark contrast to the mood last May, when Pete Lyons decided to step down as manager after four happy seasons. Without a manager the situation begged the question - did the club have a future? The silence that followed from the players, me included, was ominous.
Do you have a bed time routine? I definitely do. It’s a routine I’ve carefully honed over the years, and one which I seem to be adding to as I get older and more needs to be done to look after myself. I am by no means a beauty specialist when it comes to looking after my skin (I love face wipes- there, I’ve said it), but keeping my skin as moist and supple and nourished as possible is important to me. Especially before bed.
Turn in the door once and turn once only
“I don’t wanna call myself an artist but I’m someone that likes to have context in my work,” says Wu. “I like to have my work be more than about the clothes. I want my fashion shows to be an experience.”
4. Let the cabbage sit for 1-2 hours, depending on how salty you like the kimchi. Use your hands to flip over the cabbage halfway through. Taste a piece and if the cabbage itself is salty then it's ready.
Daniel and I had known we wanted to get married for about a year before we actually got engaged. There were two main reasons that we waited so long: one- I wanted a summer wedding, and two - I was terrified. There were definitely a few times we walked into rings stores ready to pick out my engagement ring, and I pretty much hyperventilated until Daniel took me out of the store and bought me ice cream to calm me down. After waiting a year, I felt much more ready to get married. After trying on a million rings at every jewelry store in the Salt Lake valley, I finally found the one at The Shane Company.
A crack of thunder split the mottled pearl gray clouds scudding over the tops of the trees. Godl blinked in surprise, gold-green orbs wide open on the rebound. They shone like polished metal even in the dimmer light of the undergrowth. A small chuff escaped past his muzzle. Godl opened wide and bared fangs scarcely gone dull in the years since his first kill. Drawing a deep breath, he inhaled the jade scent of the forest, mineral tang of wet stone and the metallic chill of the river down below. Had the jaguar been possessed of a historian's mind, he would have recalled that first kill, an unlucky agouti Godl had pounced upon in the brush not far away. The wretched creature had squeaked loudly until the unrelenting force of Godl's jaws broke its neck.
of your gift so rich and wicked
<U+25CF> Seminars and lectures with public health leaders
For your posts, we have only this:
Wash the shrimp, pat them dry with a paper towel and set them aside.
Copyright 1973 by Random House, Inc.
We had some unpleasant bumps and some very pleasant quality time. Today, however, everyone was thoroughly excited to exchange Valentine cards and eat cookies. We had lunch together (kind of a rare treat for us) and then distributed the cards. They loved the personal messages from their dad, the pretty pictures from their mom, and the sheer receipt of anything from their siblings. I gave them each one of the decorated pb jars filled with a box of animal crackers (my sister's genius idea), a couple chocolate kisses, and a couple mini raisin boxes. They were thrilled. I think they're discussing their Valentine's day adventures as I write, wishing they'd fall asleep, which is pretty cute.
Buried deep in a Kyodo News business round-up from a few days ago comes this promising stat: Compared with last year's June to August period, shipments of local beer grew by 8.1 percent this year. The tally includes figures from "45 leading local brewers," with shipments reaching 2,005 kiloliters. The Big Five, meanwhile, gained just .7 percent. Kyodo, referencing information form Tokyo Shoko Research, attributes the increase in craft beer shipments to marketing, such as being active in events through the especially hot summer (article accessed here).
2 thank
A good diet is important for a number of reasons; good nutrition improves children’s attendance, concentration, learning potential and wellbeing. Furthermore, good nutrition acts as a combatant against disease and illness, and contributes to more mobility in old age.
It is here in Genesis 2:18 that we have the first appearance in the Bible of the expression “not good”. This is the first thing in the history of the universe that God declares as not good. It is not good for man to be alone, to be all by himself. Everything up to this point had been prepared for life, and certainly for the life of humanity. But suddenly there is but one human and that’s not good. Man needs somebody specifically suited for him so God says he will make a suitable helper.
They say with a hiss.
However the red arils of the seed is said to be poisonous to children and I was told that it is not a suitable food for pregnant women.
Bake at 375 degrees for 30 minutes or until apples are soft.
MP: When you were talking about Cold Shot To The Heart, you said you were looking forward to writing a straight-up crime novel. Is there another genre or sub-genre you’re looking forward to tackling?
Mantra for the day: all will be well, all will be well, well will be all.
A Boeing 747-400 passenger jet can hold 416 passengers. This blog was viewed about 3,300 times in 2010. That’s about 8 full 747s.
He had a t shirt on that said “liquor in front poker in rear”….well…if you read that slowly it can mean two different things…..read that again…..
Before the Hobbits left, Johan added his blessing to Ishcandar's hope to open the gate.
Raquelle: You have so many wonderful photographs in your book. I especially love the one of your dad Harpo with yourself and your three siblings at Christmas time. You are all wearing big grins and look so happy to be together. How did you select which pictures to include and did these pictures come from your own collection or from other sources?
“I had a dream last night”, said the butler.
The earth cycle is supposed to be of 2160 years = 20 x 108. The distance between the Earth and Sun is 108 times the diameter of the Sun. The diameter of the Sun is 108 times the diameter of the Earth. The distance between the Earth and Moon is 108 times the diameter of the Moon. The universe is made up of 108 elements according to ancient texts. The current periodic table claims a few more than 108.
I have looked into ArtFire as I know that buyers do not need to register to make a purchase.
Has hunger driven our poor cat to catching whole adult game birds? Bleh
"S. Klein" appears in the tile before the door of 68 Clinton Street, now Falai, a falafel joint.
A Black Muslim Minister who waged public war against whites.
Apple is not the only major player building nonvisual access into cell phones based on touchscreens. Android, Google’s touch-oriented cell phone operating system, now provides spoken cues for most if not all commands and controls. A growing number of adventurous blind users are taking advantage of these possibilities, even though no formal training is yet available for either the Apple or Google screen readers. You will meet one of those adventurers later in this column.
Some years back the slow, steady BBC Peel Session catalog release schedule came to an end. I don't know why; while most obvious sessions have been released either via the band themselves or via Strange Fruit, the ultimate roundup leaves a huge chunk of the BBC archives untouched.
Me: Ummm seriously?
The Swans of the Manasa Sarovara are “of cheerful hearts, of great speed and capable of going everywhere at will and equal unto Garuda himself in range and speed of flight. They are birds of tireless wings. They were capable of going everywhere at will. They traverse the whole Earth, and amongst winged creatures were always applauded for the length of the distances they traversed.”
“Having the (working) experience is one thing but (having the) academic qualification is also important,” he says, adding that pursuing a masters degree in law helped him understand legal documents and terminology associated with the automotive industry better.
My previous post, The Messenger, would be unbelievable to some, so here are some more believable and interesting pieces of GK, which I know I knew but didn't know now....can you make any sense of that?!
Pete
Have you ever woken up with cotton-mouth? How about a sore throat? How about something hanging out of the back of your throat that feels like one of those sticky octopus things you used to get out of a vending machine that you would throw against the wall and it would climb down? No? Well, all you have to do is drink some beer that doesn't mix with your body or your internal food processing mechanisms and voila, you've got it!
yaaaaaaaaaaaahhhooooo......
This year we launch with a different target. We hope for the same amazing contributions as the past years, but this time we will donate the money to those who need it most. The economic downturn impacts many families. For them, the combination of having a sick baby in the hospital and their difficult financial situation often causes enormous stress. For example, spending much needed time with their babies increases the chance of losing a job. Some parents need to make a choice between spending money on transportation to the hospital to be with their baby, or between buying healthy food for their older children. Others are at risk of losing their baby at discharge because they lack the money to buy a crib or car seat, a requirement to bring one’s baby home. These are families who are otherwise very capable of providing a loving and home for their babies.
By the time he was twelve he had formed his first band, the Hectics. With his four friends they played at parties, fetes and school dances.
Trying to forget you as I close my eyes,
There are 53 confirmed picket protests scheduled for the city, with protesters crowding the New York Times building, Sotheby’s and the U.S. Post Office, among others.
from the collection of Darling & Company!)
In the opening episodes there was a certain charm to the wacky high jinks, watching Bridget stumble her way through duplicity after duplicity that Siobhan had left in her wake, all while attempting to find out why Bridget-knowing menacing ethnic drug dealer Bodaway Macawi (whose name-spelling I refuse to Google one more time) or any other number of people were trying to kill her.
Therefore, the simplest solution is to not wear your gym clothes out of the facility but instead take them off when you are finished working out. Put them in your gym bag, wash both clothes, and bag as soon as you get home so you are ready for the next session.
Thanks for stopping by! Don't forget to leave comment...hmmm, I wonder if I'm the Mystery Blogger with JR Candy?! Heehee!!!
Here's what I bought so far
And he's being interviewed because last week marked the twentieth anniversary
American Crafts Metallic Marker,
Love that's never failing;
To part 2 add abot 1/2 tspn of cardamom powder and pinch of yellow food colour to bring some difference in layers. Mix gently till well combined and
The cast of the Sopranos has given an oral history of the show to the new Vanity Fair. Even star James Gandolfini admits the final scene, in which his family goes out to eat and the screen went dark, left him baffled
Figure 1 The order structure matrix of Halloween (1978)
6 Tbs. olive oil
Thou shalt now 'grab' thine bag; rather than carry it. Bags shall be bijou to allow for clutching at the breast; or crumpled and held away from the body as if disposing of an offending article. Never do, 'trophy', 'big' and 'stuffed' - too gauche and by all means ditch the handles, lest you be tarred and feathered.
à bientôt
Small businesses, especially those catering to consumers, have compensated by shifting their ad spend to alternatives, including daily deal coupons, location-aware services like Foursquare, and hyperlocal news outlets (i.e., your small suburban newspaper or local-news website).
“By God’s grace, it will be okay. I think the devil want to hurt you. But by the grace of the Lord, all will be fine.”
I am putting it to good use!
So, which of the two groups are the truly creative?
Balloons - R22, 24, 29
My guess is the end of ‘swishy Boston restaurant’ began when not enough swells and power suits were turning up at the door (2008, 2009 anyone?) and the allure of foodies riding a tour bus connected to Open Table paid the rent.
What really impresses me is the creativity inherent in both. The ability of human beings to reveal their souls and illustrate the stripped-down essence of an idea in a few lines of prose, a single frame or a solitary piece of artwork is astonishing. I know it’s not new, but the sand reminded me because I had forgotten and become lost in the current idea that marketing is a substitute for good writing. The greatest amongst us can find that essence. The rest of us can simply try to discover the best we can be, with the tools at our disposal.
And it's not just Arabs. For instance, one member of the organization's finance committee, Genevieve Lynch, was a participant of the National Iranian American Council. Judith Barnett, a former registered agent for Saudi Arabia, is a donor and is prominent on the J Street Advisory Council. while Nancy Dutton, who until 2008 represented the Saudis as an attorney against her fellow Americans donates to J Street's political action committee which has been financing anti-Israeli congressional candidates.
Please forgive the corny nature of this post, but when the guys hung up Girly Glam’s shower curtain yesterday, I had a little “moment”. Learning this design industry, running a small business, trying to do something different and special… sometimes it can all feel SO HARD. I feel I’ve been trying to prove myself forever and get clients who want to work with us for MY designs and not just my father’s expert craftsmanship. Will I jinx myself if I say that’s finally happening? I just feel grateful today.
My husband and I would later laugh countless times over the coming days recounting how Michael was shocked that Peter Elf could get the door wrong. And to add insult to injury, that the candy was mismatched.
Territorial Enterprise, October 29, 1863
Recognize these chocolates? This is how Celebrations used to be, before they decided to bring back Twix to replace Truffles.
2. Island paint: Chelsea Gray (HC-168); Benjamin Moore.
That's the latest pic of me taken 2 days ago. My sis helped me cut my hair shorter during my first trimester..LOL (no mood nor energy to step into the hair salon). I don't like my hair now coz I can't do any rebonding or colouring. Look at that cheeky little girl with her gummy smile..haha.
The huge bridge symbolizes Kit's desire for meaningful interpersonal connections, but Johnson employs the metaphor delicately enough that it's never annoying. At novella length, Johnson is able to coax the relationships between her characters along gently, in a way that proves most satisfying. For example, halfway into the story, Kit and Rasali have spent a fair bit of time together but it's not clear how close they have become. Then, while Rasali is on the opposite bank, Kit sees one of his bridge workers killed. Kit first worries how the townspeople will react, then flashes back to a university instructor talking about how Kit relates to people:You're good with people, I've seen it. You like them. . . . But inside the framework of a project. Right now it's your studies. Later it'll be roads and bridges. But people around you -- their lives go on outside the framework. They're not just tools to your hand, even likable tools. Your life should go on, too. You should have more than roads to live for. Because if something does go wrong, you'll need what you're feeling to matter, to someone somewhere, anyway.When Rasali returns to Kit's side of the river, she immediately helps him to express his own grief over those who have died under his command, and we realize, even if he does not, that Kit now has someone to whom what he's feeling matters.
I would like to tell you a little about myself and my company. My name is Jennifer and I am the owner and creator of Jensdigistamps.com. I have been drawing ever since I could hold a pencil. I have done many jobs in my life including being a hair dresser for the past 20 years but art has always been my passion and my love. I am in art galleries through out Ohio with my fine art but cartooning is a huge passion of mine. I have created jensdigistamps to give creative people fun images to work with. I also love meeting people who use my images and I am always looking for new ideas. Be sure to check out my work at www.jensdigistamps.com and feel free to contact me with any questions or ideas you may have.
But even with this, I find myself unable to come to terms with my dilemmas on personal religious doctrine combined with the doctrine the rest of the world accepts and adores. Growing up in a church that did not value an educational and intellectual approach to religion, as well as being constantly surrounded by people who blindly follow a belief structure simply because they were raised that way has become a demonizing part of my struggles with religion, as well as believing in God in general.
At any rate, I have managed to complete the blocks I have committed to, even though this is the third month of the block swap, and I have only received one block in return.....I do remain hopeful! This block is going out to California. My July partner requested blues and browns, in scrappy form. What she didn't know is that SCRAPPY and CINDY have a real love/hate relationship! Love to look at them, can't for the life of me figure out how to do it. I can not seem to just throw together different patterns, I need a plan. I do, however think that this looks pretty nice, and the fabrics look well together. I hope it fits into what she wanted!
Three agents in street clothes snatched her and friend Orlando Luis Pardo off the street in the Havana district of Vedado. "They beat me and then they shoved me into a car head first. They did not give me any explanation at any time, but it is clear their goal was to stop us from taking part in me march," said Sanchez, who writes the blog "Generation Y." Two other friends of hers were ordered into police cars and released later, she added. In an item on her blog, which is often critical of the Americas' only one-party communist system in which only state media are legal, Sanchez wrote an expose under the headline "A Gangland-style Kidnapping";
Needless to say, there is a charge for the course.
together for a bigger impact.....
Jett just got his orange belt in Karate and Wynn is close on his heels. Wynn is a lead role and soloist in their school play this next week so he is REALLY excited.
Well, folks, it's time to take it to the couch, as the late, great Dean Martin used to say at the end of his show. Have lots to do and already scheduling my month...the Diaz Bake-o-Rama begins in two weeks...looking forward to making my bischochitos and Mexican Wedding cookies or as my grandson call them, liar cookies. Two years ago, Ian and I spent Christmas in Austin with my daughter. I made the Mexican Wedding cookies, but told my boys that in Italy they're called Liar Cookies...when asked why, I told them to eat one, then if anyone asked if they had eaten any and they denied it, the proof was on their shirts...told them to go to the bathroom and look in the mirror at their shirts...powdered sugar...they thought that was hilarious and they've called them by that name since. Have a great weekend, don't stress so much about the coming season, just enjoy....my motto, "If it don't get don't, it don't get done!" Peace out.
illusion, today I seek you, and you're not there.
I can’t agree more that finding what you like and being able to do it as a job (such that, technically, you don’t even have to “work” for a day) makes you that most fortunate person in the world. It’s like finding your place on earth.
Continue to whisk til thick and bubbly.
The answer wasn’t straightforward—there are as many different approaches as there are countries—but it was nonetheless astonishing to me. There are far too many places in the world where kids don’t get enough to eat at school or elsewhere, or what they eat isn’t healthy, but in a surprising number of nations, citizens and governments have prioritized feeding kids a school meal. Places like Japan and France, Finland, Italy, Russia and India have taken on this responsibility because they believe that school meals will help kids grow and learn and become good citizens.
I was so excited I did my chores in my pj's and rubber boots. I'm one to bundle up like an Eskimo the second cold weather sets in regardless of whether it's 4* or 40*, so the warm air felt great on my skin! We had a storm last night - supposedly because I didn't hear it even when I was up feeding the baby - but there wasn't any major damage around here. Some small towns further south weren't so lucky - a tornado ripped through downtown Newburgh. That's IN weather for ya.
So I'm typing this on a screen layout that looks like a Dadaist version of a web form, and now I'm just going to start clicking the cursor randomly around the screen and hope one of these pixels is hiding the "Publish" butto
You can also host this workshop in your home (in Utah) with your friends during the month of February and earn FREE hostess rewards (free CTMH shopping spree!) while you do it. If you are interested in doing that, please contact me (801.360,9896, pedermom@aol.com) and I'll give you all the details.
Just like I reuse all my cards after Christmas, I also keep all the ribbons and I even cut off the handles of shopping bags if I think that the fabric is cute. First, I organized my ribbons by colour to see what I had.
Because I am not yielding all to Him.
If I had to guess on how much you weigh right now, I would have to say 20 pounds. You are definitely growing up to be quite the cutie. I just love watching you discover new things.
Samsung cellular phones data ceremoniously around terrific arena with phone models by using a lot of the a lot of stylish cool gadgets by using multi-tasking capacities plus leading-edge functions inculcated there. Pattern prudent a Samsung cellular phones have got a time extensive name with furnishing a slimmest smartphones exceeding all its challengers, as well as big players for instance Nokia, LG, Blackberry mobile phones, Motorola, Sony Ericsson and so forth ..
Additional Information: 120cm x 70cm x 40cm 47,2” x 27,5” x 15,7”
Coco Before Chanel
I like the kind that has the little mound of gel you can rest your wrist on. I don’t like the kind that advertises Office Depot or the pharmaceutical industry’s latest anti-depressant. My wrist tends to get tired after a long day of clicking and dragging, and I’m not sure I can put in a full eight hours with a weary forearm.
Maria Menousos chose 1988 when she was 10 and played "Material Girl" with change she picked up on the floor of her family's business. That wasn't the best song choice for a rumba, but Derek came through with the choreography. It's a sexy, sensual, passionate, slow dance, which to me doesn't lend itself to the lyrics of that song. Their rumba was hot - very good! Len said it had smouldering intensity. All 9s! Wow! Len said he'd taken happy pills and was in a good mood tonight. He must be. (27)
The play I am currently involved in is a comedy. The story involves a property developer who wants to drive a lady out of her home so he can purchase the estate she lives in. My character is the very feisty lady who refuses to sell at any price. It all gets a bit 'Midsomer Murders' but the cast are having great fun at rehearsals. The play starts on March 9th so there are just under six weeks to go!
Schlafly Black IPA (Not officially tasted. This beer was on tap and many of us gave it a try.)
Bolt is indeed a champion. He has performed at the highest level in back to back championships winning four individual gold medals and four world records in the process. But everyone seemed to forget that Tyson Gay has crossed the line first twice in a major championship himself. One of those races beating a man – Asafa Powell – that was the WR holder and supposed to be able to destroy him. That was considered an “upset” by many as well. But Gay, when faced with tough odds, always seems able to bring his best.
But for those who came of age anytime during the past half-century, the most startling transformation occurred upon reading Madeleine L’Engle’s Newbery Medal-winning classic, “A Wrinkle in Time,” which celebrates its 50th anniversary this year. It was under L’Engle’s influence that we willed ourselves to be like Meg Murry, the awkward girl who suffered through flyaway hair, braces and glasses but who was also and to a much greater degree concerned with the extent of her own intelligence, the whereabouts of her missing scientist father, the looming threat of conformity and, ultimately, the fate of the universe. Meg Murry, in short, was a departure from the typical “girls’ book” protagonist — as wonderful as many of those varied characters are. Meg was a heroine of science fiction. In 1962, when “A Wrinkle in Time,” after 26 rejections, was acquired by John Farrar at Farrar, Straus & Giroux, science fiction by women and aimed at female readers was a rarity. The genre was thought to be down-market and not up to the standards of children’s literature — the stuff of pulp and comic books for errant schoolboys. Even today, girls and grown women are not generally fans. Half of 18- to 24-year-old men say that science fiction is their favorite type of book, compared with only one-fourth of young women, according to a 2010 study by the Codex Group, a consulting firm to the publishing industry. And while a sizable portion of men continue to read science fiction throughout their lives, women don’t. Thirty-two percent of adult male book buyers are science-fiction fans compared with only 12 percent of women. When Joanna Russ, one of the few successful female science-fiction writers, died last year, her obituary in The New York Times referred to her as a writer who helped “deliver science fiction into the hands of the most alien creatures the genre had yet seen — women.”
His widow Dorothy – or Doll, as the vicar called her – and the family invited everybody to Cotesbach Village Hall for the wake.
I think the model is relatively elegant, but I have one problem with it: I don’t think the universe is on an infinitely repeating loop. Sure, I think the universe’s own dissolution will lead to its eventual rebirth, but I don’t think the new universe will be precisely the same. Every day begins with the sun rising in the East, but it’s not as though every day is the same as the last.
BEEP BEEP BEEP!
Daniel Stearns's CD, Golden Town (2011 spectropol records) has been played with some intensity in my studio for a few months now. People who know me or read this blog know that I don't take recordings lightly, sometimes taking great lengths to avoid the medium, but Golden Town is such a striking (at turns alien, challenging, then almost familiar, almost easy) listening experience, and one made very much for the recorded media, that I've wanted to share some words about it, but it is precisely this knot of vision/sound/word problems that has kept me back.
Love is not the right word-
“It is hard to understand why Speaker Boehner would walk away from this kind of deal and frankly, if you look at the commentary out there, there are a lot of Republicans that are puzzled as to why it couldn’t get done,” he said. “In fact, there are a lot of Republican voters out there who are puzzled as to why it couldn’t get done.”
History Lesson (pt 2)
However, during this time, Robert meets a young girl named Maria. She has undergone every possible horror. She´s been uprooted from her home, her parents had been shot and she has been raped by the Fascists. Robert and Maria become lovers, he dies, and ... I am furious! What´s the point of making Maria suffer again and again? If at least she had been killed fighting alongside her lover, but to experience a bit of happiness and then greater loss? That is sheer cruelty.
Enjoy the photos.
5-6 hours.
Sort of smiled at each other.
3 square
I'm coming to the end of my first long weekend for ten weeks. Consequently I'm as depressed as depressed can be. Never let me forget just how much I hate this job. Never. And tomorrow? Rain. Heavy at times, but always there. Unremitting, soaking, dispiriting fucking rain.
SCHRAAG J. Occupational health: a shot in the arm?
Touch me baby, tainted love, touch me baby, tainted love
I. Fuhgivvew
Port: ”Good scheduling, don’t you think?”
All the way home he glared at me from his spot in the back seat.
Granger’s playing of that first scene on the train is a marvel. Walker leans in, his words pleasant and flattering, as the lines of his mouth and the glitter in his eyes imply all sorts of interest in the good-looking man across the table. Granger keeps his legs crossed and his body closed off. Guy's responses to Bruno's come-ons have the polite perfunctory quality he might use for a bore droning on about Eisenhower’s budget proposals, but the intensity of Granger's eye contact with Walker suggests a response that Guy may not even be admitting to himself. Later, confronted with incontrovertible proof that Bruno meant it all, Guy's disbelief seems ever more hollow.
I answered intelligently, and promptly until another part of my body wanted a piece of the action. My stomach! As the interview got more intense, my stomach started to twitch and turn for attention, and I tried so hard to control it, but it was not having any of that.
There is a game played amongst the gods called The Social Experiment. Imagine it as a grand game of "What if?"
The second, multi-part scenario, “Raid on Innsmouth” looks much more entertaining. Not only does it give the PCs a chance to be active participants in Lovecraftian canon (the government raid and the torpedoing of Devil’s Reef), but it is designed to give each individual PC a chance to shine as the star of their own mission.
Anyway, back to the point. My job is also changing radically also but I'm not going to go into that as I don't like to discuss my work. Not that my job is very mysterious, I just keep it at work and try not bring it home with me. These changes have also stopped me visiting other peoples blogs as much as I would like.
a perfect challenge to celebrate all the things going on in London this year, with the summer olympics and the Queen's Diamond Jubilee.
Conservative ministers say unmarried mothers trying to cut a father out of a child’s life should be forced to acknowledge his role, with men given a right to insist upon a paternity test if they resist.
Saturday we had to pick up SIL's gift for the miscellaneous shower on Sunday and head to hometown. I had to run to the bridal shop in hometown to try on my bridesmaids' dress and pay the balance on it. Then it was off to my Mom's to drop off the Munchkins, then to drop hubby off to go hunting, and then off to set up for the lingerie shower.
Along the top of my so saffron designer series paper I used my scallop border punch and just along the bottom of my card front I decided to add bit of scoring (using my score tool) and some paper piercing. Paper scoring and paper piercing are two great ways to add a little something to your card.
Catastrophe losses in the U.S. personal-lines segment improved slightly to $116 million compared to $121 million during 2011’s first quarter.
Maybe people will be asked what kinds of music they prefer as an indication of how 'racially correct' their attitudes are.
Child #4: I got a horrible fortune.
Scottie matures as America grows in world stature, helped along by TR’s expansionist sentiments and racial “profiling” -- sentiments Scottie comes to seriously question. He also sees TR quick to practice opportunistic cruelty to his oldest allies if it advances his political career. Scottie will experience that betrayal when he join’s TR’s Rough Riders invading Cuba. The two won’t meet again until the Pan American Exposition, three years later.
The night before the run was a bit of a nightmare also. Our Hotel had put us in a room with no locks on the windows. Now on the 11th floor this isn’t generally an issue. With two inquisitive children under 4 it is! It made for a restless night. Our kids often wake up before us and play. Not only did I have pre-race jitters, I was so worried the kids were going to swan dive out the window while we were asleep.
Thanks for sticking with me through this long post!
Prog rock may well be the last uncool genre of music. Sure, acts like Battles, Dungen and Deerhoof have given virtuosity and technical triumphs a new, cool, edge, but barely anyone dares to dip back into the ’70s back catalogue of Gentle Giant or Emerson, Lake and Palmer. (Outside of people who know who Porcupine Tree is, the only popular example that comes to mind is the Decemberists’ Hazards of
“Look, I just got out of a long-term relationship and I kind of need to slut it up for a while.”
My recommendations: Again, like many of the glosses I featured in Glosswatch, I would like to see how this gloss works in other colors. (I'm particularly interested in the peachy Guavagold, red-gold Fireberry, and punchy-red Juicy Apple.) I'm definitely purchasing a new tube of this to replace the one I have right now, though, just for the staying power and the SPF. And definitely, definitely wearing this with mascara and eyeliner.
I Shalev, T E Moffitt, K Sugden, B Williams, R M Houts, A Danese, J Mill, L Arseneault and A Caspi
Let this year be the best for all of us here, and I’ll continue to push www.talentville.com out there as well, as it has put me in contact with some of the most supportive and talented people ever.
Front squat 1-1-1-1-1 max 47.5 kg
It is an established rule that none of its reports should be tampered with or doctored by channels carrying its News Service and the statement makes plain that this is a potentially deeply serious breach of its contract with Astro:
"Unfortunately the car was in the wash process when this incident occurred and this is being investigated by our wash bay and security companies as well as by our own investigators," he said.
Exhibition idea
-- "Oh, don't worry," he says, unfazed. "Everyone cries in Argentina. You'll fit in well. We're very dramatic people."Diplomatic answer. Good man.
I am a degenerate poet
So other than all that, not much else to say! I will try to keep updated more often, just depends what I've been doing.:O OOH also, hoping to learn Japanese and Mandarin soon.x__x Going to be haaard. Especially the Mandarin. I know bits and pieces of Japanese already and don't struggle with it too badly, but Mandarin melts my brain.D;
They’re just attached to individual candy melt disks with some melted chocolate. The middle one is adorable; the two outer ones look they escaped from the turkey loony bin!
And you're just along for the ride
Curlygirl has GOT to go into labor sometime! Squeaker was due yesterday. They may decide to induce tomorrow. Guess what? I'm going to be there.
You may shoot me with your words,
Theodore Dalrymple: Political correctness is communist propaganda writ small. In my study of communist societies, I came to the conclusion that the purpose of communist propaganda was not to persuade or convince, nor to inform, but to humiliate; and therefore, the less it corresponded to reality the better. When people are forced to remain silent when they are being told the most obvious lies, or even worse when they are forced to repeat the lies themselves, they lose once and for all their sense of probity. To assent to obvious lies is to co-operate with evil, and in some small way to become evil oneself. One’s standing to resist anything is thus eroded, and even destroyed. A society of emasculated liars is easy to control. I think if you examine political correctness, it has the same effect and is intended to.
And if Obama is reelected, he will likely have the chance to further stuff the court with doctrinaire radicals like Elena Kagan. And this Republic would be doomed.
Pictured above is my own plate with Snow White and the seven dwarfs, from 35 years ago.
Now I just have to figure out what kind of background to frame them against. There are a couple of framers in town who are skilled about framed archival quality lace as well as other items. I plan to take Wendy's hanky to the same place.
We look forward to hearing from you!! The deadline for the call is Sunday, May 20th.
"Some protesters came independently, alerted by e-mails or social media. Others were members of groups such as Americans for a Safe Israel, Human Rights Coalition Against Radical Islam, Amcha-Coalition for Jewish Concerns, National Council on Jewish Affairs, and Liberals for Israel. " **
I shall draw a winner on Sunday x
- You can also eat the green leaves? Wash them, cut them into little slices and stir-fry them for a couple of minutes.
And there's another funny thing... Our colleagues, especially on the surgical side, can not do this. They are tied to their hospitals, they can't operate, at least to do the big cases, without hospital privileges. I feel bad for them, because this can be held over their heads. Same with folks establishing a practice in a town associated with a hospital, or folks working solely in a hospital.
o Be the hero or heroine of their story
and in this stocking you must put -
REALITY: From May-August, this team dominated baseball like no other. With John Lackey having a historically atrocious season. And J.D. Drew’s bat finally disappearing. Both are gone this year, while the rest of the league’s best offense returns with bit players like Cody Ross and Ryan Sweeney filling in some of the blanks. And that’s not even considering the likelihood that Carl Crawford returns to at least his average career numbers. Sure, Josh Beckett’s peripherals will likely regress a bit, and Jon Lester might never quite make it over the hump into dominant ace territory. But they don’t need to for Boston to take the division, especially with Clay Buchholz returning and a strong spring from Felix Doubront. Andrew Bailey’s potential thumb surgery at press time complicates matters, but I wouldn’t be surprised if Daniel Bard returns to the bullpen to anchor a deep core of relievers. And yeah, Bobby Valentine is destined to flame out at some point, but he traditionally gives his teams a bump in his first year. Don’t be fooled by the once
03. The Taurus/Gemini is a pair of bullheaded twins.
To be a victim of crime is to have your faith in the community severed. It is shattering. Devastating. When a taxi driver chose to rape me, instead of drive me home safely, he destroyed not only my life and my sense of self but my faith in the world. Where before I had felt safe and confident, able to live and work and be a part of my community as I chose, I no longer felt secure even in my own home.
Then, this morning...
Later he served on the USS Shea which went to Okinawa to assist with minesweeping and anti aircraft operations and then on to Iowa Jima and then he told me how months later a Yokosuka MXY-7 rocket powered Kamikaze plane (he said they called them Bakas- fool or idiot in Japanese) hit the ship so fast and so hard he hardly knew what happened- where it came from- where it went- and how- just like that- 40 men had been killed and over 80 wounded.
We also have a wonderful sense of community. There are so many of you who inspire us, Cool Communicators across the country who, through the way you are living your lives and through your advocacy, are making a difference; dedicated professionals—many of you members of ISAAC Canada— who are passionate about AAC and who have worked hard to make the events across the country happen; and families who are trying desperately to find the services and supports to help your loved ones communicate and live meaningful lives. And then there are all of the volunteers who jumped on board, some of you who knew little or nothing about AAC before getting involved in Kilometres for Communication. There are those of you who joined us along the way, old friends and new friends who cycled or traveled with us. There are our sponsors, many of you unfamiliar with AAC before making your contributions to Kilometres for Communication. There are also all of the reporters who understand the importance of what we are trying to do, and who are doing a wonderful job of helping us to spread our message. There are those who have donated and those who have continued to encourage us every step of the way. The hospitality we’ve been offered has been extraordinary. Skye and I talk about Kilometres for Communication as a campaign of generosity; it has been personally restorative and rejuvenating. To all of you who have participated, contributed, encouraged, and supported, I add my heartfelt thanks to Skye’s.
The researchers speculate that the use of indoor tanning beds is a key culprit in the rising cancer rate in young women.
If you are attending the event:
That I just keep hanging on to
This does not mean I am “running” away from people. It just means that I have a different view to a ‘fun’ night out.
Practically every Western State of any eminence is currently suffering from politics that are divisive – rather than just showing where the division lines are. All of them are run by a political Establishment that hasn’t renewed itself for decades. And most of them are being run by Coalitions.
There are some who regard his tight grip on the country's purse strings as anti-developmental and uncaring to the poor. This is despite figures showing that he has committed more money to the poor, education and health since taking over as finance minister in 1996.
(1) I came to a deeper understanding of the importance of gratitude. I am really starting to see that it is our attitude about our circumstances much more than our circumstances themselves that determines our happiness. We hear this so much that it might seem trite, but it's so profound and so true. In many ways, my 2010 and 2011 were mirror images of each other. I was home with a baby on maternity leave for the first half of 2010 and worked the second half, and then I worked the first half of 2011 and was home on maternity leave the second half. There were a lot of similarities in the years. A lot of the things that were challenges in 2010 were still challenges in 2011. But 2010 was a much harder year for me. And I think a lot of that was because when I was having a hard time in 2010, I started working on my attitude and focusing on the good, appreciating what I had, and living in the present, instead of focusing on what I didn't have and worrying about the future. That shift made 2011 a really happy year.
The Environment/recycling. Guilt and fear again. You drive a car so you're a filthy polluter. It matters not that it's impossible to get anywhere and back in a day without one. You use a car. You're guilty of harming the planet.
It’s UMNO that fears losing power
*Shoe size is a 5. You have such little feet
President Obama will bring our troops home, with a sense of responsibility to Afghans who tolerated our presence on their soil for much longer than they should have had to do so, thanks to president Bush’s inattention to the Afghans. Packaging lies to our congress and to us citizens, President Bush opened a second front in Iraq and abandoned the effort to find and kill Osama bin Laden. He asserted, as Mitt Romney asserted, that getting one man was not all that important. It is estimated President Obama has eliminated 30 of the 40 leaders of Al Quaeda , and we can expect that effort to continue. President Obama understands that simply eliminating the leadership is not enough, we must also offer respectful support and partnership to a country mired in such poverty, hopelessness, and shame that its anger leads to re-emergence of such leaders.
Source: Star Today via allkpop
I have become accustomed to rationalize my environment, other people’s expressions of emotions, and what’s left of my emotions, as devastatingly as a Nazi or a Stalinist soldier (I don’t support war nor other forms of physical violence, but the analogy might work).
Do you have a start of school curse word as foul as FIVE? I'll go get the soap.
Green Pepper (optional)
little House Mouse image)
The young man at the register told us we couldn't seat us there, and we said, no problem, our guys are arranging it over in the corner. He called someone on his cell phone while we were anxious to order some munchies to go with the drinks. The line behind us got longer and longer, but he was unflappable. Finally all was paid for, and instead of letting us go to our corner table, a waitress appeared and, opening a velvet rope, ushered us upstairs to the VIP Salon! We sat on purple and cerise velvet chairs and had our wines served in appropriate crystal far away from the bustling and noisy crowd downstairs. It was like a serendipitous miracle. And so much fun. If this is the author's life, then it's for me! But now I've got to get back to work on my prequel.
So, more stories have already been finished off and submitted, and my head is once more bowing over my novel. Penguin are accepting unsolicited manuscripts up to the end of October, and I plan to get my book to them within that time. And November is time for Nanowrimo's 'write a novel in a month', and I'm already planning for that.
Nokia Bluetooth Stereo Headset BH-503
What this all amounts to is that women take maybe a half a decade to a decade off, and that our husbands help with housekeeping. Women around here take it for granted that somebody out there lobbies on their behalf, so that when we return to work, our careers take minimal damage. If we don’t quit work, we expect generous maternity leaves and flexibility from our employers. I’m mystified by the number of visibly pregnant women who, in this economy, were able to score lucrative positions.
Asset Finance 10
This book is your essential guide that answers all these questions and more. You learn about the law, the landscape, the people and the places of 14th century England, from the perspectives of both the upper classes and the lower. Methods of cleaning, church rituals and laws, the buildings you will see and the sort of thing that will get you in trouble are looked at. In fact, after reading this you could probably survive in the 1300's… as long as you could speak their language!
1 oz. Willamette (4.6%) aroma
4. Be Here in the Mornin'
Parik<U+1E63>it gave Kali a few domains to control, but then encouraged his citizens to shy away from such places – thus cheating Kali of the opportunity to gain power.
* Begin making the icing when the cake comes out of the oven. By the time the icing is ready, the cake will be cool enough to ice. You don't want the cake piping hot, but you don't want it completely cooled either. The icing spreads more readily if the cake is still warm.
'Official Newcastle Craft Beer Week Dinner' - $99 per person
The Paint Party goes on.....always lots of wonderful art to see so if you are in the mood for a party just grab a cuppa and hop about those blogs :)
Here's how you can help us to save Salt and all our work with hundreds of authors around the world.
SAS Institute Inc. has developed the SAS System, an integrated set of programs which enables users to carry out data processing and analysis tasks, in particular statistical analysis. The core component of the SAS System is called Base SAS. It enables users to write and execute application programs (also known as ‘scripts’) written in the SAS programming language for data processing.
Action agreed - record food intake and exercise for 5 days a week over the next fortnight.
Merpel, on the other hand, points out that she has much less sympathy with the patentee. Didn't he have several timely reminders and a total period of 9 months during which he could have paid the renewal fee? If he was so cash-strapped not to be able to afford to pay renewals on time, how much was his patent really worth, in its 13th year? Merpel thinks that this case is a good demonstration of why one should not play the risky game of leaving things to the last minute.
I started potty training when Norrin was two and half years old; the usual boy age to start. Whenever I talked about our potty training challenges with “typical” moms, they were all quick to tell me “all boys take a long time.” Then proceeded to tell me how it took them three weeks with their boy as opposed to the one week it took for their girl (or something crazy like that). And these moms offered suggestions, reward methods, books to read…but I knew none of these things would work for Norrin.
Strike a match,
MEH!
KA – BOOM!
Eric Stanley’s cover of “Airplanes” by B.o.B.
suspect but clamped
What fascinates me about art is the way the artist speaks to us so clearly. Time is no obstacle. Language is no obstacle. Art transcends both. There is a young artist sketching the statue. What will he leave behind to inspire future generations?
don – wellness coach
This being Constable Country, the church is an appropriate home for The Ascension which hangs on the south wall, one of three religious works Constable painted for local churches. Continuing round the church to the west and the highly decorated 1843 organ, a small door inset into stonework graffiti’d with scratched initials from centuries past leads into the tower, a landmark often seen in Constable’s paintings. The tower itself is actually a separate structure (and access through the door is not permitted), so for a closer look I have to step outside. At 131 feet tall, it dominates the surrounding landscape, but one of its most impressive features can be found in the archway through the base, a so-called ‘Galilee porch’, in reference to Jesus leading his disciples into Galilee after the resurrection. Looking up, the stone ceiling is beautifully carved with tracery and heraldic symbols, Tudor roses and portcullises, an example of astonishing craftsmanship.
vegan bean chili
So as the year progresses I have decided to continue my photo diary and see how many different family groups I actually have in my garden.
So we decided to make the first Terrific Tuesday Challenge something inspired by "Cartoon Characters". The obvious choice for me was Hello Kitty or Disney but I forced myself to use my Elmo Cartridge to create this fish bowl with Dorthy swimming around. I used one of our very FIRST sets, Amusing Animals! to stamp the sentiment. Please join us in our challenge to create something cartoon inspired and you will be entered to win a set of Scrappy Mom's Stamps!
It reminded me of a situation from when we were living in Bourke. We were having lunch at our house with a family who'd not long moved to Australia from the highlands of PNG. We looked up and noticed that their 4 year old son was sitting right up at the top of our very tall gum tree, like a baby koala. The first thing I noticed was the wire fence directly underneath the tree, wondering what would happen if he fell. We commented to the parents, "Wow, you can tell he's used to being wild and free and climbing tall trees all the time". "Oh no", they replied, "We don't have any tall trees at all back home, just little scraggly ones."!! Yet he was so confident. And so were they. And he didn't fall.
Reader David Mustoe sent a picture of feline harmony, as well as of a boneless cat. The first photo was labelled “The Peaceable Kingdom” (the title, of course, comes from pictures by the colonial American painter Edward Hicks).
8:30am: dressed and ready for a bike ride on our roads bikes. Only decision was whether we go for 45 mins or 1 hr. We opted for 1 hour because we decided that we would ride our hybrid bikes to our 11:30am massage on the beach!
After much searching, Michael was unable to find an easy-to-read book that explained how to study the Bible as covenant. Realizing that he was expecting someone else to do the work that he was capable of doing himself, Michael sat down to write the book he was searching for. Keeping Covenant with God: Living by the Blood of Jesus is the result.
<U+25CF> Inclusive admission to Bird of a Feather Stage Show at the Grand Theatre, Blackpool
No wonder I remain a hopeless mainliner.
9. Don’t magnify her imperfections until they drive you crazy.
Everybody got your own
I have heard there is no greater love then to lay down your own life for someone elses...
In Sunday’s sermon on Genesis 15 we learned that Abram was saved based upon his faith. Genesis 15:6 reads, “And he believed the LORD, and he counted it to him as righteousness.” Abram believed that God would fulfill the promises he had made. He believed that God would turn him into a great nation and give him the land. He believed this to be true even though it seemed to be far-fetched (Abram was getting old and his wife was unable to have children). Yet, Abram continued to trust God’s word to him.
Said Chacon;
It was a shock to hear that my maternal grandpa, Saba Yossef (Grandpa Joseph), passed away. In the past few years his condition had been slowly deteriorating, and he spent the last five months of his life in a hospital, fighting one infection after another (he contracted these infections courtesy of the hospital itself, where powerful bacteria are rampant and patient care is uneven, to say the least). But still, he was a fighter. This is a guy who evaded the Nazis when he was 12. He was a war veteran. He fought off colon cancer a decade ago. We kept expecting him to live somehow.
We will randomly select one winner from all of the eligible entries! We ask that you link a new creation, no back linking please and only one entry per person.
A few weeks ago we did have some snow, although January was far too disappointing in that aspect. :o)
Step 4: The hardest part about this particular chair were these buttons. I bought hardware called Cover Button Refill. This allowed me to use the same fabric as the rest of the chair for my buttons. The hard part was putting the buttons on the chair. It would have been nice to have a super extra long needle with a very wide eye to string these buttons on, but we didn't have one and I don't even know if they exist, so we got creative. We used a long skinny screwdriver to stab through the thick chair. We then taped the button parts onto the screwdriver and pulled it back through to the back of the chair and into place. Hard work! If there is an easier way, I would love to know.
6. Rains are still the most awesomest in Kerala. Ah so green and lush and absolutely romantic it is. It poured like mad a couple of days I was there and unlike here when I tell Ro, 'ah I wish I could have hot vada and chai right now' and could do nothing but just wish for it, back home, I exclaimed it out loud and in an hour I actually had steaming hot vada's and chai on my table.
14 Tool Shed - The Wave
‘Indeed. Irish tyres hissing slick on the sweat of the German tax-payer, who will tell you that he has paid for every last yard of straight road built here in the last forty years. You know,’ she said, ‘there have always been those who turned their back on Brussels and Frankfurt, and not everyone who professes to ourselves alone is a Sticky or a Shinner. But I could never understand that. I quite liked the idea that Herr Fritz was spreading around his Marshall Plan largesse to buy himself some badly needed friends.’ She shrugged. Her voice gone dead and cold, as if she spoke from inside a tomb. ‘Perhaps I was wrong. Herr Shylock has returned demanding his pound of flesh, and it appears he is charging blood debt rates. Straight roads, certainly, and more suicides in the last year than died in traffic accidents.’
Fragile moon, the diva is singing,
This is all very good stuff and, coming from this source, is eminently quotable – as a number of blogs and other groups are already doing. It provides good propaganda, not least to counter the increasingly bizarre claims coming from the warmists, about expenditure by those whom they insist on calling "deniers".
This morning we got up and Patti had made breakfast, so we had orange danish rolls, coffee & juice, bacon & sausage...It was a splendid morning in Shreveport, cold but nice. We walked down to the dock and looked at the lake a bit before heading out. We got a late start again (left at 10 or so) and it took us longer than planned. We drove pretty much all day, and not much happened, which is probably a good thing when you're on a road trip. Gabe stayed up late last night, but still didn't take a nap. Still, he was an excellent traveling companion once I told him whining was not allowed in the car. We only stopped a few times, but he did much better than yesterday, even though the trip was longer. At about 7, I gave up on getting to Florida tonight. We were both tired of being in the car, and I didn't want to stress about how far we drove. We decided at the beginning that we'd just take it as it came, and get as far as we got, and that would be fine. We have vague goals, but nothing set in stone. So, we stopped in Gulfport MS and got a hotel room.
My computer crashed this week, and I lost most of the interesting and well-written articles I had pulled for all you lovely readers this week. I included below the ones I could recover, but I’m afraid the list is a little short this week. To compensate, share your favorite conversation-starter article from this past week in the comment boxes and include the link so we can all benefit and stay informed together.
Take yourself…on a date. Spend time alone and explore what you like to do. It’s always nice to be with somebody else but sometimes there is something you want to do that a friend or family member might not want to. Is there a movie you want to see?Go! A restaurant you want to try? Why not?
10 Uncover and add onions. Raise heat to medium to reduce liquid. The only sauce should be what clings to the meat. Check for salt and serve.
That hides its face from me its lord.
It tells the story of a heroic, though roguish, French army officer during the Napoleonic war with England. He gets captured and is sent to a POW prison in Scotland where me meets and falls in love with a local gal, played by Friel. All sorts of complications conspire to keep them apart but in the end love triumphs. It's very well done and it never takes itself too seriously, which is a problem usually with adaptions of Robert Louis Stevenson's novels.
and give us wisdom to live in harmony
Exercise is important for circulation too. In fact, it is equally important for long-term good health, because if you let your circulation and the condition of your blood deteriorate too much, there is a chance that your legs will not get enough energy to carry you around and then toes and feet begin to suffer.
However, should you rather have a device with the mobility to do several things as well, then the tablet needs to win your eReader versus tablet PC debate!
So, why not return to an earlier edition of the game? There's certainly enough retroclones out there, and a variety of other RPGs for the fantasy genre. While I could do so, I am a hopeless tinkerer, constantly test-driving new house rules and options, never satisfied with an RPG out of the box. Moreover, there are ideas involved in many different systems that I've loved, and so no one game has every option that I want to play with. So, rather than settle for one game or another, I decided to swipe my favorite bits and create the game that I wanted to play.
a drizzle of extra virgin olive oil
There are certain bands that have reached out to me and said “Hey we’re giving our album away for free.” That’s appealing to me just on a music fan side of things. I think that’s cool. I don’t see it as devaluing music, I see it as accepting the value of music. And that’s kind of my thing right now. If people can get it for free, then just give it away for free, and try and make your money elsewhere. You’ve got to use your music to hook someone in. As far as licensing fees, there’s been an increase in libraries and brokerages that are actually licensing their music for free but they’re only doing that to productions that will have a decent back-end on them – e.g. network television shows. We haven’t worked with those types of libraries, just because typically you get what you pay for. But those libraries and brokerages are out there, and if you can land something in a decent show, like a network show, sure you’re not going to get any money up front, but your SOCAN or PRO back-end cheque can be somewhat substantial. That can be worth it. Maybe it’s just ‘cause I’m younger, but I’m pretty pro giving away stuff for free, not so much in the licensed area, because if people are making money from the music, I think they should be paying for it. Either way you have to be accommodating to music supervisors’ needs and fees that he or she are working with.
Moving away, getting married and – eventually – having children has reduced my available hours significantly. These days I get time to play once a month on a Sunday morning, but that’s about it. There’s no board-treading or occasional solo numbers or panicking and refusing to eat before the evening performance. I don’t have the energy to miss it, nor do I feel unfulfilled as a result, having found other ways to exploit my creative side. But I was looking through those old running orders and sketches quite recently, and feeling dangerously nostalgic. I still haven’t seen the video of Joseph, in which I made a rare appearance in front of the piano, rather than behind it. They asked me to play the title role, which involves quite a lot of reacting and less singing than you’d expect (given that the Narrator is the real star). I had to wear a ridiculous hospital gown, but it was nice to do something different and tread the boards, rather than spending the whole evening hearing them squeak above you.
Still, people should stop saying negative things about our appearance!! -___-... I rather look different than "normal".... so if you have nothing nice to say don't say it at all XD!!
This follows a luxury ski vacation in Aspen, just a few weeks after a 17-day Hawaiian vacation that reportedly cost $4 million (up from $2.5 million in 2010).
Facebook. But there are many more I never did read, and I apologise upfront for leaving out anyone
Originals®
The first muslin also indicated that I needed a FBA and more length at the waist, so I did a 1/2" princess FBA, and added another 1/2" of length to the waist. This pattern must be drafted for the short waisted. I ended up adding a total of 1 and 5/8" at the waist, which is a lot, even for me. Oh, and I raised the neckline on the CF piece by 5/8".
My titles are just very basic things. They don't really stand out, they don't really "do" anything. It's like I just slapped any old title on them for the sake of having one.
Stop sighing! And stop slapping your forehead like an effing drama queen!
I did not realize that the movie anthology of Alien was based on a book. As much as I liked the movie, I am hoping the book is even better. The last book is one the author asked me to read and review.
Everybody talking to their pockets
Journaling Card Set : Western Romance by Webster's Pages
Basilico Fresco
Although we'll certainly have many more things to share about Jacob, I sense a decrescendo when it comes to this blog. I don't think we'll remove it for good, but we may put it on pause for a while... This has been a beautiful place for us to share our experience with family and friends and a therapeutic place for us to just organize our thoughts and our feelings! I wish we'd started doing this sooner, but I'm so thankful that we did what we did. I'm looking into getting our blog done in print... what a great keepsake for us and for Jacob!
Here are the eight demands of Bersih 2.0 to refresh us lest we forget:-
I couldn't believe it! Two please!
“As an African American woman it galls me. I don’t even like to watch it. I felt like it plays into every sort of patronizing stereotype of black people,” MSNBC contributor Joy-Ann Reid said. “‘Oh, here is this little lady let me give her 50 bucks’. . . I think it plays into that conservative meme, that you don’t need actual programs that the government puts in place to help people in need, we’ll just give them charity, I’ll just give him 50 bucks.”
I look over my shoulder at the much smaller college girl running behind me in her intimidating teeny, tiny sorority shorts. And instead of comparing myself like us women often do, I smile. Cause that little figure trotting behind me has yet to even dream of the miracles that my baby birthing figure has housed...
Any thoughts?
That decision only made a difference once, when my attendance at early morning religious classes (called seminary) was low and my bishop tried to encourage me to attend more often. He pointed out that to get into BYU, you had to pass seminary. I smiled, explained that I wasn't interested in BYU anyway, and he let the matter drop. I still went to seminary from time to time, but never enough to pass. I wish now that I'd attended more often. I wonder: if BYU allowed beards, would the bishop's attempt to encourage me have carried more weight?
Great little artist town with a history!
Well,on a lighter note,I have finished Mr.Goodegg taking a break,he’s alittle rough around the edges but still full of cuteness.Do you have a Mr.Goodegg in your life,our family does,he’s my brother in law’Tom’,Amy L.’s husband.He GIVES from the top of his head,down to his toes and never wants the glory of his works,their are not enough words in the dictionary to describe his giving soul.
WASHINGTON, D.C. — Even if President Barack Obama approved the controversial Keystone XL pipeline tomorrow, at least some Canadian oil would still flow to Asia, according to Prime Minister Stephen Harper.
I and Thou, Lover; Thee, Love, and I,
You are so patient with me Lord
If you are not familiar with British TV...you should still be able to guess ''the show''... I hope...from all the little 'gadgets' on my charms :0)))
Overall, I am SO FUCKING SCARED. And I can't seem to stop crying. I want Little Life to make it into a real, live, healthy baby in October. And to even consider that it's all over........
The pharmacy called me on my way home to tell me my insurance won't fully cover one of the medications. More great news, right? When I got home I decided to call my bariatric practice. I spoke to the NP, who was really understanding and thinks we need to redo the upper GI. I completely agree. She says I should still meet with the surgeon to talk next steps. They call me back to schedule for next Thursday since that's the one day he sees patients. I literally cannot make it when he is available. So I unleashed. Not in a mean way. I just broke down crying. I cannot fucking eat. I'm vomiting. Why don't they care?! Everything I've read and learned about the band says this is NOT. GOOD. I'll be meeting with the NP I spoke to earlier next Wednesday during the time the other surgeon will be in the office, which is nice as a back-up if there's something she's not sure about.
Sometimes it can be hard to tell if the promise is kept, however. If you’re reading a long piece like a novella or full-length novel, but you’re only seeing it in increments (chapters), the explanation for the new behavior may not show up in the material you’re reading. In that case, you need to ask about it. If it’s a mistake, it’s possible the author didn’t realize she’d made it.
No doubt because of his profession, media, journalism, and socialism are linked ideas for Muggeridge, and they become his lens into human sinfulness, especially (in concert with his assessment of the cinema) our willingness to twist reality to our own desires. “People, after all,” he writes, “believe lies, not because they are plausibly presented, but because they want to believe them. So, their credulity is unshakeable” (274). While living as a journalist in Soviet Russia he traveled on a train through the countryside, aware through his sources (and later through personal observation) of the mass starvation occurring outside the cities. However, against these realities, he noted that “These fellow passengers provided my first experience of the progressive elite from all over the world who attached themselves to the Soviet régime, resolved to believe anything they were told by its spokesmen” (212). Those who dared to be critical of the regime—even in Britain—were silenced. Muggeridge writes that “Even Animal Farm, one of the few undoubted works of genius of our time, was rejected by fourteen publishers on the ground that it was too hostile to the Soviet régime, before being accepted. One of the rejectors was T.S. Eliot on behalf of Faber & Faber” (272). The book is replete with examples such as this, many more terrifying in aspect. Despite this, throughout the book Muggeridge doesn’t overstate his ironies; he merely presents them for the absurdities that they are. His ultimate assessment of the era was that a whole host of people,
Plunge in..
In the case of Kevin, it had something to do with the ghosts of long-dead baseball greats gathering together in some stadium he built in the middle of a cornfield to play one last glorious game of ball. I don’t remember all the details of the film, I was too busy curled up in agony in the corner of the living room, tormented by the thought I was wasting a precious hour and a half of my life watching the damned thing.
Or a tractor race, for that matter.
1/29 vs. Cleveland, L 87-88 (L -6.5), Under
I support the cup campaign atleast 2 times a week. Everytime I walk into a 7-Eleven, I have to search deep to find an Obama cup. I think I have a taste for some hot chocolate....I know just where I would like to go.
Book Country is targeting vulnerable writers with deceptive hype!
Under Chapter 259B of the Penal Code, failure to pay taxi fare is a CRIME:
See the gigantic "munchkin" on the pole there at the waterpoort?
7And when they shall have finished their testimony, the beast that ascendeth out of the bottomless pit shall make war against them, and shall overcome them, and kill them.
Harviestoun Ola Dubh 12yo 330ml $10.00 - Amazingly complex imperial porter, aided by maturation in the highly acclaimed Highland Park distillery's whisky casks.
Money Remaining: $ 609,000
Today, I would like to restate the old message. I would like to remind you about what happened that day when the Lord Jesus died on the cross at Calvary. It was that event, which took place at Calvary 2,000 years ago that altered the future for every person who places their faith in the One Who died there that day. This purchased and provided salvation for every person who receives that event as their very own.
I understand the issues at play here; when I first got my smart-phone I was constantly updating my Facebook or Twitter just because I had thought of something interesting or funny. And, with advances in science and technology, instead of having to wait until I got back to my laptop or computer, I can just instantly record this apparently brilliant thought through my phone.
Each basket has a number, and specific activity or game inside. I change these up frequently. I usually will have at least five baskets with a game centered around the specific skill we are going over. I keep the others with a review skill in them. Right now we have: addition, fact families, and odd & even numbers. Just to keep my babies on their toes!
Bloodroot is a story full of magic and maybe a bit of madness, told by several different generations of the same family as they try to puzzle the story of Myra Lamb together. The author did a fantastic job of telling the story through several different voices and perspectives.
- then the director, who, btw, was wearing the cutest long sleeve tangerine print dress with a grey scarf and Rebecca noted to me later that she never would have thought to pair a gray scarf with a tangerine dress and I knew she was making a mental note. I can also bet she has a tangerine something in her closet right now that she plans to pair with a gray something because she is always spot on when it comes to fashion. :)
CRIPPLED BY CORRUPTION
It's a ten. For sure. I'm very proud of it.
(No wonder I haven't had a date!)
The latest brouhaha in popular physics is, of course, the question of why there is something rather than nothing—a question that has pushed to the fore with Larry Krauss’s new book, A Universe from Nothing. If you haven’t been in Ulan Bator, you’ll know that that book was handled roughly by David Albert in his New York Times review. Since then, the principals have been sniping at each other, leaving folks like me a bit confused.
Mr Whyte fined the maximum fine of £200,000 (£50,000 x 4).
Yes, it sounds a bit vampiry but it is actually a clever play with words in Swedish. Mixing the words of The vascular system and running competition it becomes an interesting homonym. In Swedish it is Blodomloppet.
6 to 10 ounces steak, pork, chicken, or shrimp, cubed
The story is narrated by Ugla, a young woman from a very rural area in the north. She is unschooled and unrefined, and she has come to Reykjavík to work as a maid in the home of The Member of Parliament, Dr. Bui Arland. The family is wealthy, the wife feels her social significance deeply, and they, like most government officials, are vociferously anti-communist. Ugla finds herself immersed in the class struggle, and falls in with a bunch of artsy, musician types who are very strange.
Of loving you to excess.
I watched the first episode of Community with high hopes, being a big fan of Joel McHale, but I wasn't impressed. Since then, I keep hearing that it's the most creative, smart comedy on television, so I'm definitely going to have to give it another chance if it's not too late already. Same with Parks and Rec. I watched it a little bit when it first came on and it just seemed like a sad rip-off of the Office with a less-funny cast. But lately It's been getting so much good buzz that I'll have to check it out again.
All the people agreed. From that day until now the chief Chinamora is appointed from three houses, Chinamaringa, Chidziva and Nzvere.
Whereas the OWS crowd proclaimed “we are the 99 Percent” and “banks got bailed out, we got sold out,” a band of construction workers delivered chants of their own.
But, Owatanassami, this is not just the defining issue of our time. This is a make-or-break moment for my reelection chances. Because what’s at stake is whether this will be a country where working people can earn enough to raise a family, build a modest savings, own a home, secure their retirement — or one where Goldman Sachs owns my slutty ass.
We received evidence that the secret army had actually existed, at least until the beginning of the 90s. And still there is no reason to believe it was dismissed. Can you add some important details to the above-mentioned?
2011-02-28
But none of us were in an anti-hero, serial killer mood,* so we ditched the plan and went for dinner and a movie. And we actually managed to score tickets to this movie, which is the antithesis of an anti-hero flick:
But accountability in this case, as in many similar cases, is tough to nail down.
I paired Puddle Jumper with some Studio Calico Memoir Papers (6x6). Her raincoat and boots were paper pieced with one of the patterns in the packand her raincoat was finished with two adhesive gems. The rest of her was colored with Copics. I added Glossy Accents to the puddle to make it look wet. The Die-namics I used are the First Place Award Ribbon (for the flags under the button) and File Tab for the sentiment. Some machine stitching, rounded corners and a twine tied button finish the card.
His first job was at the Folies Bergeres cabaret, helping the showgirls backstage – and it was this scene that has provided him with so much inspiration over the years.
So I haven’t been writing anything in a while. You can blame my college professors who think it’s humorous to make us lowly undergraduate students suffer through midterms. And papers. And presentations. And quizzes. I say to all of you, screw you to the umpteenth degree.
I personally find this tremendous discussion on the good and evil of copy-editing hubs intriguing, considering that I will spend my summer experiencing firsthand how the process works. Since I have no real experience working day-in and day-out on a copy desk housed within a newspaper, I have no prior expectations of what this internship will bring – but in the end, if this is the path I need to take to one day become a copy editor, I plan to take it.
It was a shame when we demolished her little witch's cottage but soooo gingery. Yum!
We had to move it from where it was, to high up on our flat roof (where we have seen the squirrels sitting on it, eating), because Lincoln was not happy about it being in the garden.
If it were to be said that the fashion industry is just playing with women's insecurities, isn't it the same industry that is targeting people who hides behind their computer monitor, commenting under a pseudonym and living sad, lonely lives. The same people who buys their clothing from piles of clothes in bargain stores, not realizing that the pile of clothes comes from the same people working in sweatshops in third world countries.
Liev had a great time running around, picking parsnips and just being a little boy who was able to roam free and get dirty. He ate tomatoes right off the vine and mulberries right off the tree. The potluck was right during his nap time and he didn't even miss it. He did nap on the very short drive home and then on me on the couch. We thought he'd be cranky and we were prepared to leave early but he was so great. I guess he was having too much fun to think about sleeping.
The best form of Jihad is to say a word of truth to a tyrannical ruler. It is the best form of Jihad, because by waging Jihad against internal corruption, you are fending off colonialism, occupation, and foreign invasion.
Repeat CHORUS
After the prolonged drought we had here in East Anglia in the Spring, I remember longing for rain. Now, after days and weeks of relentless, and often torrential, rain I find myself eagerly anticipating just a glimpse of sunshine. It would be nice. It would also be very nice to venture out in my sandals again instead of my wellies!
Ancients saw
Jesus put it out there for all of us to consider: “If anyone would come after me”. If anyone seeks to be a fully devoted follower of Jesus Christ or if anyone wants to be associated or identified with him, it means that there is a certain route one must take.
their wide and staring eyes. Richard Eyer had a very special place in my
A TV source also revealed to Daily Mirror: “Cheryl has been working on new material for months. She is determined to relaunch herself as a credible artist and The Voice will be the perfect platform to showcase her latest tracks.
And riding on a sled through falling snow
So why should we trust Mitt Romney to significantly reform our economy? Why should we take him seriously when he says we need smaller government? Lower taxes? Less regulations?
The creeks run through their veins.
Heartbreaking stuff. She’s an 8-year-old with shitty self-esteem.
Added to the fourteen previously published short stories, is a bonus story – THE RISING OF LEN MUNCH – soon to be published in RADGEPACKET VOL. 6 under the title SHADOWS IN THE RAIN. Out of the fourteen other stories, SMALL PRINT is in this years MAMMOTH BOOK OF BEST BRITISH CRIME, alongside such luminaries as Mark Billingham, Val McDirmid, Ken Bruen, and Peter James, as wells as my old muckers Col Bury, Nick Quantrill, and, or course, our Nigel here, and there is also SURF RIDER – a story that has been longlisted for one of this year's Derringer Awards.
Behold the King of glory
You know that moment when you discover you, and probably at least a few of your friends, used to have, or still have, BPD? My moment happened to be on the radio. I’m the wingman on a monthly morning show called Happe Talk on KJFK in Reno. The special guest for the hour on this last show was Dr.
Now, as an old leftie hippy I completely support their right to strike.
The dog canvases on the wall on the left side of the bed were a nod to this young lady's love of dogs. The fashion canvases were chosen to give this room a more sophisticated feel.
One might imagine that a person would derive a considerable ego boost from claiming to channel these high-level beings, but then, some people want very much to keep their connection with the Famous “Dead” on the down low. I described such a person in my post “A Reluctant Channeler”:
Sometimes, it's easier and quicker for me to list the reasons why I didn't kill myself than to list the reasons why I thought about it. My home life was, for the most part, pretty good. It had ups and downs, of course, but even on the hardest days I never thought about killing myself. No, my reasons had more to do with things outside the home. There were a ton of reasons. Maybe some of these sound familiar:
Where do i go from here….. ive been a survivour as well as a leader via ministry for some time now…. it has been a rocky but ruff road… nonetheless, im here and im ready to continue my course
B: Obvious naman ‘di ba? – 25%
The spirit is distilled from grapes. Making it technically a brandy. It reminds me of a fine grappa. Nothing wrong with that.
13-If you were granted three wishes from an angel or genie what would you want?
The practice of circumcision itself is not unique to the Jews in the Ancient world, although some of the traditions based on the Old Testament are specifically Jewish. Circumcision is given as a sign of the Covenant of Abraham in Genesis 17. All male members of Abraham’s household are to be circumcised, those that wish to be joined to Abraham’s family must be circumcised (see Genesis 34, for example.) While the practice of circumcision was common in Ancient Israel, the ritual itself did not confer “spiritual blessing” as a sign of the covenant. For this reason the prophets told the people that they needed a “circumcised heart – clearly a metaphorical use of the idea of circumcision (Deut. 10:16, 30:6; Jer 4:4; Ezek 44:7, 9).
“The dark of the moon! Says right here on the moon app.”
A while ago I told you about a new project, well, here it is. 'I used to live here' documents the last 3 years of my life and the places where I have lived.
The Lord Jesus Christ is the only Saviour and if anything is added to that work of grace at the cross it nullifies the value of His blood.
6 cloves garlic, minced
Friday, August 13-Owl Be There
Following the last of these two posts one of the followers of this blog emailed me to inform me that his friend Keith had created and sold those cassettes from his African/Latin records stall in Camden Market. "They were naturally very popular and sold well, and now seem to be doing the collector's rounds via the web. None of this was sold as CDs because it was all before CDs were easy to home-copy, and long before the web and mp3s", he added. In a later mail he recalled that Keith moved to teach Economics in Botswana University.
I'm sure it's obvious by now that I'm not blessed with the ability to focus on too many things at once. I'm so easily distracted that for the last year I've had to force myself to focus purely on completing my education - and I have wanted to give up oh so many times!
S: I am an animal enthusiast. Animals are my number one passion. I love all animals and I am a VEGAN. Since 1970 I have primarily rescued and re-homed hundreds of cats. I have raised numerous orphaned kittens. In 1980 I rescued some ducks and geese and found them a safe haven in the country on a friend’s farm that had a huge pond. In 2001 I rescued and rehabilitated some baby squirrels, 5 fawns, several baby raccoons, 28 chickens and 4 roosters. In 2002 I began rescuing goats in addition to the cats. I've raised several orphaned baby goats too. In 2006 I rescued a sheep who went to my friend’s sanctuary to be with other sheep. My dream is to expand my rescue someday (soon, God willing) to save more farm animals. Cows, sheep, pigs, donkeys, horses etc.
Prepare the couscous
210. The currants were quoted at a price “carriage and insurance free to
I was pulling something out of the oven, last Friday, and inadvertently my hand touched the HOT oven rack. Next thing I knew I had a burn…. That HURT! So I put it under the water to stop the burning process. Did you know otherwise that your skin would continue to burn for few more seconds? I’ve watched that on TV. Then came the pain, and I got to thinking…. what do I have for burns in this house? Nothing!!! Will I have to go out and buy a cream at the store now…? Will it work? (In the picture you can see the area swollen up…)
Oh well i want to do lots of fun stuff with them,which i need to finish planning,i also got them books to keep their minds working ..........Summer Bridge...........this book is fun to do and comes for different grade levels and helps them review what they learned the past year and also introduces them to the grade they will be entering.They will also be visiting the library weekly and reading as much as possible.
remember This Sessions goes right through January st 1 2012!
"The vessel shell and the bottom hemispherical head were made from plates to which the stainless steel cladding had been roll bonded. These were the thickest clad plates ever roll bonded in the United States."
eternal, and admits not of destruction and provides a home for all created things, and is apprehended when all sense is absent, by a kind of spurious reason, and is hardly real—which we, beholding as in a dream, say of all existence that it must of necessity be in some place and occupy a space, but that what is neither in heaven nor in earth has no existence. Of these and other things of the same kind, relating to the true and waking reality of nature, we have only this dreamlike sense, and we are unable to cast off sleep and determine the truth about them” (Plato, Timaeus 52b, my emphasis, cited from The Collected Dialogues of Plato, ed.
Most of the time, anyway.
<U+25E6> Add more lemon or ginger if desire. Pour marinade into a 9x13 baking dish.
Google Analytics is a great tool for measuring traffic to a company website, but it can’t be all things to all people. More importantly, it can’t be the only tool to measure activity on Google+. Marketers will want to make Google+ part of their marketing mix, but without measurement, it’s not a valuable investment of time.
2 amount
He got a Knighthood, a meaningless bauble
I can’t keep waking up unhappy in my skin because I am not perfectly thin, perfectly organized, perfectly beautiful, intelligent and on and on.
Just in case you hadn't noticed, this grand, three-bedroom penthouse has extensive staff quarters – seven staff bedrooms, to be exact, plus three staff bathrooms and a sitting room with its own kitchenette.
The alder shaker style cabinets with distressed hardware warm up the space, while the whites and shiny blacks add dimension. Touches of stainless brings in industrial appeal. When the fridge was ordered, I requested stainless handles on black to ring in with the stove theme. (appliances are by Bosch)
So, the segment opens with someone basically rolling up their sleeves to get something off their chest, we get a brief grumble, and then a logical counter-argument that leads to a seemingly understood idea behind Mog Madness. And that’s it.
10 Don't Hang Around Me Any More
It's been way too long since I read a short story collection, but Cram's first book Radio Belly was a perfect reintroduction to the genre. It's a mix of quirky and serious, whimsical and sad and each story manages to be complete and satisfying on its own. While of course I had favourites, there wasn't a specific story that I would recommend skipping or that I didn't enjoy in some way.
Thigh-high socks.
I do hope that this blog is, however, always filled with just real life and honesty.
Last, but definitely not least. First off I would like to say that, in my professional opinion, Joel is the best Editor-in-Chief we have ever had. We all had our doubts, but he came in and did the job better than anyone before him – myself included. I don’t know where the paper would be without him. He’s not only brilliant but also a good leader. We’ve had people that are one or the other but never the two in one. So thanks Joel – for an awesome semester.
The suspect was “left” on April 21, according to the agency. The paramedics were called on April 25, the San Diego Fire-Rescue Department confirmed.
Hüsker Dü - New Day Rising - 1985
and work as a lumberjack to earn a living for himself and his mother. In his memoirs,
Ted then worked on my chakras. I could already feel a sharp sensation over my heart chakra. My mind interpreted it as pain but that wasn’t it. All my chakras ignited suddenly, blazing into action like Catherine wheels. I now feel confident, powerful, and capable to continue my amazing work. Thank you, Ted!
I want to download the latest movies without wiping out my Cap, will this service help me ?
By Ralph Nader
However, in the two years that I’ve used Pecksniff’s services, I’ve had several charwomen tell me that she’s not very nice to work for. It has also been apparent that they get no training. These women seem to only continue in Pecksniff's employment because their circumstances are dire. And now that Angela has worked here for over a year, I’ve been able to glean a greater insight into the modus operandi of Mistress Pecksniff.
Internet Millionaire Secret #6: Set up your business so that you are replaceable. You can make yourself replaceable by branding. Branding encompasses yourself or the value that you provide. Branding yourself is lucrative, but it doesn’t allow you to take a break because you have to make every decision. Branding your value, on the other hand, sells your expertise and not your time.
I went to college in Texas, but I never really appreciated it until I moved to Massachusetts to attend law school. I then became an evangelist for all things Texan -- much to the amusement of my law-school friends, many of whom had never been west of the Hudson River. You couldn't find decent Tex-Mex food within 500 miles of Harvard Square, but at least I could listen to Mendocino in my cold, spartan dorm room.
I look for key indicators. I look for smiles and engagement in what they're doing. I listen for new words or ideas. I watch the way they play. I listen to the questions they ask. I consider the way they solve problems. I ask questions, and I listen to answers. I enjoy the silence as they ponder and play with new concepts. I keep my cool when they explode in frustration. I console them when they fail. I appreciate their attempts, successful or not, at independence. I follow them in new directions.
Unfortunately, history almost repeats itself with another crazy assassin. Four months into his term, a disgruntled 72 year old man by the name of Michael Mahoney fired a shot at Mitchel at City Hall. But unlike his predecessor Gaynor, the mayor was not hit and he and his entourage wrestled the disturbed man to the sidewalk.
Today I learned a dear friend lost a baby 2 weeks ago. I was able to share my experience with her, and she was grateful that I understood. I am too. This kind of pain. I wouldn't wish it on anyone. But I'm grateful still that you were mine for those few weeks, and I have hope that you'll belong to me forever.
I realize this is not the end of the world - but some days it sort of feels like it. I'm seriously worried that I might not even be able to start my half marathon on August 21st - let alone complete it in 1:55. I haven't given up but I have adjusted my goals. I just want to run. I don't care how long it takes me - I just want to experience the journey. I don't even want to consider how awful it would be to be sitting on the sidelines. And to add insult to injury (literally) - this is my fundraising race! How do you solicit funds for a race you might not even be able to complete? Ugh!!
Grease 12-inch pizza pan or spray with cooking spray.
Scoop mounds of dough about 3 tablespoons in size onto the baking sheets, leaving about 3 inches between each cookie. (I was able to fit about 8 cookies on each sheet, staggering them in three rows.)
Dan: I don’t feel eighty. I was a little upset awhile ago thinking about the number but I don’t feel it.
As the Veneer of Democracy Starts to Fade
It's amazing how often I catch myself being guilty of covetousness, and for years I didn't even realize that it was a problem for me! I thought that covetousness was being envious of other people's things and having a hateful, jealous attitude. But when I took a closer look at the Word, I noticed that right after the admonition to be without covetousness is the added command to be content with such things as I have. Uh-oh. How often have I been guilty of complaining about my job, my apartment, my clothes, my bank account. I thought it was ok because I wasn't begrudging anybody else's possessions; I just wanted a few nicer things of my own. But a truly focused Christian is content with the things that they have. Why? Because God has promised that he will never leave us or forsake us, and ultimately, that is all any of us really need.
Daily, in a spritz-bottle as a refresher or to straighten edges or stretch hair to style.
And have you seen Sky Habitat? The property developers forgot to include a disclaimer. Something like:
The facts above show India is much earlier in promoting the “Look East Policy” than the eastward transfer of American strategic focus. In order to realize the strategy of eastward transfer, the United States positively encouraged India to participate in the East Asian affairs.
So, obviously it was our pleasure to help Fentimans with a suitable response, which is what you can see here.
The Story of Variety with Michael Grade comes to the conclusion that live Variety was killed off in the mid-to-late-1950s by a combination of television, scheduling rock stars in Variety stage shows (which split the audience into two groups, neither of which were fully satisfied) and adding strippers (which destroyed the appeal for family audiences). But this did not kill off the acts, merely the places they were showcased. Sunday Night at the London Palladium thrived on ITV in the 1950s and 1960s.
“To the University of Michigan, the contemporary identification, cataloging and examination of the human remains and cultural artifacts of indigenous people may constitute an academic exercise,” Bay Mills executive council President Jeffrey D. Parker wrote to Forrest. “To the Bay Mills Indian Community, these activities are unwelcome and insensitive intrusions upon our ancestors which require our active intervention to ameliorate.”
(2) It shall, subject to law and higher authority, be in charge of carrying out the State’s constitutional mandate to control and supervise the exploration, development, utilization, and conservation of the country’s natural resources.
Much has happened since the writing of the above message, but the events during the past eleven months have strengthened my views on I expressed in December last year.
You would think that someone who instructed generations of Britains would have been well educated in domestic practices, perhaps run a sizeable household herself for many years. At least, that's what I thought when I went looking for more information on her. Imagine my surprise to find that Isabella was only 23 when she began writing the columns! She'd been educated at a school for girls in Germany, and she married her husband when she was 20. She had four children, two of whom died when they were very young, and she herself died shortly after birthing the fourth, at age 28. Yet she left a legacy that helped thousands of young ladies just like herself function with style as wives and mothers. Pretty impressive!
“When it comes to others rather than wishing they were somehow different, its better to give thanks that they are exactly as they are, because truly, if they werent, they wouldn’t even be in your life right now.” The Universe
My feelings are still torn, scattered and askew.
Cook until the pears are soft but not mushy and remove from the heat.
Sono cantanti e musicisti.
Children are living proof that some things are priceless and some miracles really do come true. As a grandmother, I can certainly appreciate the relationship between mothers and their children, because being a grandma is almost the same.
After the prisoners had polished the boots of the commanders and ironed their uniforms, at eight o'clock the time for labour would begin.
Series: Riyria Revelations (Book 2)
1/4 cup of cream
For instance, if he was to go to Dobbies to buy kibble and then stop off for some nibbles on the way back, he would have to tell me he was going to the garden centre to buy dog food and then getting some corn-based snacks.
'But that could just be scripture,' Maureen observed.
Campagnolo dropouts (chrome), seatpost binder bolt,
What if I would serve it cold
After airbrushing the danger room and the digital sentinels, the mask was peeled off, and shadows were added to his skin to add dimension. Next, I took a toothpick and scraped contour lines into the shadows I had just made to add reflective highlights. I then outlined him in black, comic book style, and painted the contour lines across his arms and legs, following the lines I had scraped into his shadows.
3) Where should I go?
Yaya: Patanong lang po, magkano taxi from Ayala Alabang to Northgate po?
Do any of you have a recipe like that?
You see… I was looking at the "Learn Something New Every Day" class over at Shimelle.com. Several of my online buds had been talking about it… most of them were signing up for it. I wanted to, but as with any class, I wasn’t sure I’d be able to “keep up” with it. I do work two jobs and have been embarking on a personal journey, as well as keeping up a house with a furry zoo recently filled with health problems. I hate to overcommit myself, but at the same time, I really need and love to have the prompts and the push to do something creative… for myself… on an every day basis. I also love to learn new things and so this class seemed to be up my alley. The last class I officially “took” was Shimelle’s Blogging for Scrapbookers, and well… here I am still blogging away. Wouldn’t it be great if this class would prompt me to continue to learn something new every day even after the class was over?
Here is the layout for the quilt. I just need to start sewing the parts together for final assembly.
The two idol singers recently released a video explaining the official rules for the ‘Be My Partner’ event.
These beers are brewed the same day the hops are harvested; no storing, freezing, or 'pelleting'. This adds a very fresh, orange/grapefruit aroma to the beer, and the flavors are abundant with citrus, spice, pine, mint, to name a few.
"God bless the Yumster for all ye have given the children of the world, these fables of cocks and flames and hairspray and shit." ~ Thomas Duke
Edward Teller — American Physicist — (1908 -2003)
"I know, right?" I say.
Susan
The tension evaporates
Disc 8A (October 11th 1995) Budokan Hall, Tokyo, Japan
"Once good storage solutions and systems are in place, it’s so much easier for anyone, any age, to learn where things go. Even little kiddos. Labeling bins with pictures of what’s inside (rather than writing it out) makes it easy for kids to see where toys and crafts belong. Kids are quick learners, so cleaning up after themselves should come easy, especially once everything has a clear home."
If you’re on Twitter than you might have seen that I failed my 1 hour glucose test last week. BOO! So I get to take the three hour tomorrow and spend 4 hours at the hospital tomorrow morning. Fun times friends, fun times.
Later that night Martin rang to say good morning from Copenhagen Denmark where he is for meetings. The three of us had a good chat from my bed. My son joined us later and played Martin his new song. We laughed and the kids said good night leaving Martin and I to talk for only about 10 minutes. They had sucked up all my time with him but he was glowing. It was almost as if he had been here with us. And we felt like a family.
couch cushions for
Helmet and rod
"I will pay you $6 million per episode."
I have SO much going on - last week on Wednesday, we got our first foster doggie in, his name is 'Appleton'
2 cups confectioners’ sugar
how we respond to things.
I still thought I was fine. I'm glad she had enough sense to know I wouldn't be though. Her poor hand probably throbbed with pain by the time they were done. They went in seventeen times, and each time they would reposition the needle in the tumors TRYING to get something to biopsy.
Jaime Hernandez has, since 1981, when Love and Rockets first appeared, been one of the greatest of American cartoonists, and also one of the greatest storytellers in comics. While his brother Gilbert's contributions to the series they created together spanned all over the map — from surrealist gags to bizarre fantasy stories to the South American drama of Palomar — Jaime's work was increasingly focused, with singular intensity, on the characters of his Locas saga. The story of two young Chicana punks, Maggie and Hopey, this low-key epic has now been a work in progress for nearly 30 years. Jaime has made his characters age and change with time, introducing new characters in the process and constantly shuffling around his cast, exploring the ways in which people grow and develop, the way friendships break and repair, the way loves ebb and flow as time goes by. It's an affecting punk soap opera, and the more history accumulates behind these characters, the richer and deeper Jaime's stories get.
The Examining Attorney argued that SIKORSKY is primarily merely a surname, albeit a rare one. She asserted that SIKORSKY is the surname of Igor Sikorsky, Applicant's founder; that the term has no meaning in ordinary language; and that by its nature, the term has only surname significance.
The next offense is to go too far in the other direction. If your shoes look like they belong on tour with the Stones or something Mystery would wear, again – you’re doing it wrong. Super slim shoes with pointy elf toes look retarded. These are the shoes you find in most places that are a step up from Wal Mart or Target. Most of Aldo or Calvin Klein’s stuff will look like this. Avoid them.
In order to better and truly take care of ourselves and our well-being, we need to shift how we view our bodies, and realize that the human body is much more than just a physical body. It is a system of various levels and dimensions of subtle energy that are interconnected and interdependent.
*Choose an artist of the month and imitate his style. Learn about his history and time period.
French’s Save $.75/1 Honey Mustard or Honey Mustard dipping sauce (5/31)
By Steve Benen - Fri Apr 6, 2012 2:46 PM EDT.
“Curiouser and curiouser,” said Alice, as life got larger and larger in Wonderland. It’s a phrase I quite like, and find myself muttering rather frequently, sometimes for big reasons, but mostly for small.
When she ran out of patience, she headed out over the valley.
Honey’s message is sweet in its simplicity. She stumbles the first few times she tries to help others, but helping has become her passion and she keeps trying until she gets it right. Not bad advice for birds, kids, and even we adults who read this book to the little ones in our lives.
What is life like 16 months after you deliver a sleeping baby?
"Mom, they don't have a dash!" He said it with so much shock you would have thought he was saying that because they didn't have a dash, they were miraculously undead.
1 mahogany
“Well,” I said, “it was way before they had an iPad.”
I will end this post with a comment I overheard from a 10 year old girl (sounds like a future feminist no doubt):
The items in the menu for the dinner were all tried and tasted several times. Only one recipe for the main course was tried for the first time by me after viewing it in a local TV channel. I am happy to share it here.
That’s not absolute evidence of dreaming, of course, for it doesn’t let us into the cat’s brain; it could simply reflect sequences of motor patterns that are wired in its brain. But it’s certainly suggestive that some dreaming is going on.
This in turn leads to raised levels of dopamine, the brain’s reward system called the nucleus accumbens, which can be very addictive.
I said: You might want to take one of the eggs out and put it on the counter before you smash the rest. It's good to have a nest egg.
But let's not let us forget that the President (regardless of his actual ability to affect legislation, or not) has also been a failure. It's a failure of a different kind, but Republicans are correct in one critique of the president - his failure of leadership. There's been a lot of hand-wringing by Republicans and Democrats, blaming the other side for the failure to pass legislation, by saying the other side is not willing to give in on anything. This would indicate to me that both sides are acting childish and obstinate. But the failure of the president has been to push congress to act, regardless of whether Democrats or Republicans are getting exactly what they want. The president has wanted to remain above the fray, but the problem is that he's been characterized as uninterested (whether fair or unfair, if people are seeing him seemingly uninvolved, it looks bad as a leader). The president needs to push the congress, house, senate, subcommittee, super committee...whatever, to get their act together and pass legislation.
I think it is sad sometimes how life can come at us. Our family has been having a pretty rough time of it lately and grieving is something we're doing a lot of.
ISBN-13: 978-0764209741
why and where, how
I now know why my life turned out the way it did. It was obviously a tragic result of something that did NOT occur during the miracle of my childbirth….. Obviously, my cash-strapped parents were too cheap to pay for the machine that goes “BIIIIINNNGGGG”. If I was afforded the opportunity to be brought into this twisted world with the assistance of the machine that goes “BIIIIINNNNGGGG”…..maybe my life would have been totally different……for this, I blame my parents!
Computer head has returned. No feeling, just lethargy. I can do things R asks of me (like researching the ins and outs of renting a kitchen and going into the retail food business canning and selling stuff he cooks), but the bed has been unmade for days (weeks? months? unsure and don’t care. well, I do care, I feel really guilty about it, but can’t make myself take care of it), and my room (Virginia Woolf and all that) is a mess. Just desk space for the keyboard and monitor, the crafts table behind me covered with crap so I can’t use it, but I can’t clear it off either. Let’s just refer to it as the crap table for now.
Serve in the scooped out pineapple. Garnish with this orange halves.
I guess that means he wins this round.
I have worked through tough times before, and I will again. But that is not the problem. The puzzle (more than a problem) is to bring the work forward into new forms. Alice, my assistant, went out to talk to the galleries a few months ago. She is good, just visits. People are always happy to see her. She tells me that work framed under glass is not selling well. I guessed at this, and thought about my own environment. I prefer something on/in fabric, canvas, clay, paper, wood, bone, stone, with no glass to isolate.. I look at a computer about as much as I can tolerate. Looking at, or through glass. A world so non-physical there , so dead, so frustrating, so empty no matter how many stories, or comments or ideas.
They knew better than to forbid me to come (despite the fact I am using their money) but they let me know they were furious. They were worried about the drive, I didn’t really know you, blahblahblah . . .
As it is expected, Windows 8 consumer preview clearly beats Windows 7 in most benchmark tests conducted on these platforms. These tests were performed by some of the best brains of the PC world and the results indicate that Windows 8 is much more fine tuned than its predecessor. Almost all the test results show that Windows 8 is relatively faster than Windows 7.
2) If price is at a profit-taking level, I take profits and leave it at that
I am doing this because LGBT youth are at much greater risk for suicide. The numbers are there, there is no denying it. I also know this from my own personal experience because as a teenager I attempted suicide. Growing up with a strict baptist upbringing the concept of being openly gay was not even an option I considered for myself back then. As a teenager when I was finally coming to terms with my sexuality and accepting myself I knew that I was going to be in for a very long difficult journey. The one message I want to send to anyone struggling with coming out is that yes, the journey gets better.
The following are the result of comparing and combining the Mishnah from the two Talmuds. Everything written in black, is the common text, which is found in both versions. The blue text is as it is found in the Bavli, and the red as it is found in the Yerushalmi.
‘No, I ordered a happy meal.’
uniform + wet hair + clip - wedding ring
Do do do your dirty words
Brief Encounter
Coming from the Adirondack's, this is probably my favorite of the Pumpkin Ales.
What do I need to do, baby?
Chuck Taylor is unlike any other YA character i've ever read. He's cynical and real and I felt like I was really inside a teenage boys head the whole time I read it especially certain parts (aka the first line of the book). Theres simply not enough YA books with a male main character, either that or I'm just not reading them.
A printable recipe card is at the end of this post.
When older kids were wondering where they could go to recover from frustration and anger, or to confide in someone, some came here, because I'm that mom (or they just as easily got help from Kirby, Marty or Holly).
Me: Ummm seriously?
Here is this week's Card sketch challenge you may make up to 3 cards and use ANY colors that you would like.
A year later the areas affected by the storm have made a remarkable recovery. The emotional and physical scars are still there, but they fade and pale in comparison to the spirit of the region.
This year though, May has come to mean a LOT of other things.
Sara is volunteering in Avsallar to help Manuela for the next two weeks. Thank you Sara!
4. Follow Frugal Mommy of 2 Girls
"Millions?...Then what?"
The ones where he’s on the screen.
Track:
Their records employed sound effects in ways considered pioneering in audio comedy at the time. More generally, they were considered important forerunners of comedy shows like “Saturday Night Live.”
1 Corinthians 10:1-22 (NASB) For I do not want you to be unaware, brethren, that our fathers were all under the cloud and all passed through the sea;
“I can no other answer make, but, thanks, and thanks.” - William Shakespeare
If you live in the East Bay, near San Francisco, Viharo hosts free double-features of various b-movies. These tiki-bar get-togethers are called Chillville, and take place on the third Monday of every month at the Forbidden Island Tiki Lounge in Alameda, where Viharo dispenses, along with his b-movie knowledge and wit, giveaways and prizes. The show starts around 7:30 p.m. (it's best to get there at least an hour earlier for decent seating).
The weekend was a blur of brunch and dinner, high heels and hair spray, and speeches and tears. The facility they chose was non-traditional, but probably the most beautiful wedding location I’ve ever been to. It was an empty warehouse style room, with exposed brick walls, floor to ceiling windows, and etherial white drapes separating the ceremony space from the reception space. The color scheme was purple, grey, white, and black, and everything looked just perfect.
My mother has lived the longest of any of her family on both paternal and maternal sides - and all due to the attentiveness by my siblings.
What’s even better is that my other sister drove back to ISU with me to celebrate me and my other sister’s graduations! It was such a fun night hanging out with both of them- I love having 2 older sisters who are my best friends! =)
I don’t watch any of the morning shows, and I never have, so I don’t miss this tradition and maybe I’m not comprehending something crucial here (but I doubt it).
David: I like to mention places/people/things around me in a song—when I can—I don't know how this town affects the music—other than being so far from a 'current' music scene—it allows us to breathe & make music & let it sound like whatever the song wants to sound like—we've been making music in the BARN for over 20 years—all kinds of music—the 'marching band' kind of stuff & the free-improv stuff & the folky song singing kind of stuff—the People central to Art Of Flying & the friends around them—they make as much music as they can—always working towards some sort of beauty & playfulness—never mentioning the words 'genre' & 'style.'
Update: Last month I posted in support of my friend Donald Douglas who runs the American Power blog, who has, for years, been under relentless attack by hateful leftists who have even gone so far as to try to get him fired from his job - simply because they disagree with his political opinions. Donald has a new post up today describing the fact that the blog dedicated in its entirety to attacking him, could not even leave him alone on Thanksgiving Day. The comments section there includes some snide remarks about his marriage. How very sad that some people apparently have nothing better to do, on a day dedicated to reflecting on all of the things for which one should be thankful, than to pick at a man over every single thing he ever writes on his blog, and then bitch about it when that man discusses the relentless attacks. But then again, Thanksgiving is an American holiday, and gratitude is something expressed by people who actually have functioning souls, so I suppose this should not be surprising. (Yes, this update did previously say something else, but after being asked to do further investigation, I did and have amended this post, as promised.)
Twenty Major League seasons. Fifteen Major League All Star games. Eight National League batting crowns. Seven National League Silver Slugger Awards. Five National League Gold Gloves. Two National League Pennants. One team.
Two British traffic patrol officers from North Berwick were involved in an unusual incident, while checking for speeding motorists on the A-1 Great North Road .
from former centuries
Here is some of the great news we got this year:
“Some students ran to their rooms to take cover but they were followed to their rooms, beaten up and arrested,” he told the Associated Press. “Others suffered cuts and broken bones as they tried to flee.”
So we left.
"it's not as if they'll ask really difficult questions like
4 :: This Mermaid Swim Party came through my blog feed via Kara's Party Ideas. I loved the use of the two fabric patterns on the table. My patterns were much more subtle, so you don't get quite the same look, but I loved it just the same.
Happy birthday Israel! 64 years young and still kickin. It is almost 2am so this is going to be a short, poorly written post. Highlights of Independence day in Israel: BBQ all day long, adults dancing like they were school children again (and yes, they were at times dancing in a circle, all holding hands, interspersing with everyone rushing into the center and then back out again), great concert at the regional council, Lotan kibbutznics starting and owning the dancing at said concert, random people still BBQing at 11pm.
ONLINE:
It can only encourage people to strive to do better, right?
So this Sunday, I say Happy Mother’s Day to the future version of me. But not in a creepy way. Not in a Type-A, anal overplanner, Octomom way. Simply in an “I know there are good things in store” kind of way.
Hi, I'm Heather. Just Heather... I'm married to an amazing husband that finds the humor in all my antics and I will soon be a mom. That's right, as in parent to a child. Not a furry, four-legged child like I already am, but a human one this time. It has been a LONG 9 months with most of it spent on bedrest growing this baby. I'm anxious to get back to life and ME. I love crafting, some of which does not turn out so crafty. Decorating my house or your's if you ask... Reading, I was reading/writing teacher for 7 years. This comes natural to me and I read everything! Magazines are my guilty pleasure. Cooking, it is good to burn something occasionally to keep those of us considered Top-Notch Chefs humble. I love going to flea markets and finding trash to turn to treasures. I haven't been in quite some time due to the pregnancy, but plan to get back into treasure hunting. I also LOVE LOVE LOVE all things beauty and product related. I'm a junkie. I can't help it. I strive each day to make it better than the one before. Grab a cup of coffee or wine and stop and visit!
1And I saw a new heaven and a new earth: for the first heaven and the first earth were passed away; and there was no more sea.
Much Love to you as always,
17. Comfortably Numb (8:16)
Spoiler alert: If you are a Twilight fan, this may spoil your day.
The children had so much fun with these simple toys, not only throwing them high into the air and catching them, but also running or swinging with them watching the tail follow,
Apparently the exemption is to be removed to “simplify” the tax regime, and black (“or spruce”) beer will henceforth be treated like any other beer of 8.5% abv. This levels the playing field and is therefore beneficial to competition, say the government’s experts.
I found the last day one of the best days, people would come and talk to me, try and find out something new. Mostly the last day was where a lot of the laughs were had and where people would say thankyou.
Big Question from Jamie this week ! Wishcasting .... is a wonderful magical experience that I have been doing for a year or two now. It amazes me how many have come true!!
If I ever turn around and see a bull running toward me I can only hope that the news story doesn’t read like this:
Mayhaps we pressed too hard.
I’ve also had several distinctly different series of recurring dreams. One, in fact, that has been going on for years with new “episodes” coming whenever they please. And I’ve had a few of the so called “lucid dreams” as well, where I’ve been able to “direct the action” to a limited extent. And don’t even get me started on the dreams I had when I was in a coma for nearly three weeks.
Could it be she actually helps you find an agent?
Christians are not called to be undercover agents – going along to get along with the world. God is looking for someone who won’t CONFORM. He is looking for someone who is TRANSFORMED.
I mentioned that my meal planning day had changed.
Finally out of the psych ward, Amy joins forces with J.C. to find the killer before he closes in on them. Can their growing attraction withstand the truths they uncover?
The research came from 'How do we learn in a negative mood? Effects of a negative mood on transfer and learning,' found in the Journal of Learning and Instruction, Vol 17 no 1, February 2007
As Ridhuan has liked to point out countless times before, the assimilation of Chinese in Indonesia was carried out with 100 percent thoroughness.
Anheuser-Busch, Inc. Bud Light
adorable, adorable baby clothes. This was our first gift.
Yesterday Mum and I visited the new-ish IKEA store in Springvale, south-east of Melbourne.
Yesterday, Bluhm took her petition and its going on 50,000 signatures to Seventeen’s office in New York City. Though Seventeen met with Julia, they refused to grant her request. Here is what the magazine had to say about Julia’s petition:
Everyone has their own personal comfort zone. We all have built-in mechanisms that regulate our level of anxiety, fear, and discomfort. When we step outside our normal, existing boundaries, we begin to feel anxious. Our natural tendency is to pull back and go back to the norm.
Honestly, I think over the years I have become so different from my family that I am unconsciously looking for similarities. This may sound sad, but it’s not. I love my family, each and every one. They’re a special bunch and I can appreciate all of their peccadilloes. But it seems the more we live our own lives, the less alike we become.
4-21-2012
France is home to six million Muslims.
3. Find out what your triggers are, and then do your best to avoid them. As you start to pay more attention to your eating habits, you will notice that certain things cause you to eat. For example, maybe you always pig out on potato chips while watching the evening news; if so, then not watching the evening news would mean you are avoiding a food trigger.
"Given that we all have a limited amount of money, questions about what you spend your money on are also questions about what you don't spend your money on, or what you don't use your money to achieve. A lot of people, I think, forget that. They just say, "Oh well, I'm not harming anyone if I go and spend $1000 on a new suit." But, in fact, given the opportunities that we have to help and given the way the world is, I think that quite often you are actually failing to benefit someone, which you could be doing. I think we have moral obligations to help, just as we have moral obligations not to harm."
The mystery surrounding reports of “giant skeletons” has always intrigued and fascinated me. Specifically, how it seemed to be a common ocurrence that human-like bone remains, often of giant proportions, were known for popping up everywhere in the mid-to-late 1800s, as featured in reports like these:
And we walked off to look for America
2. “Great is the Lord, and very much to be praised” (ver. 3). How much was he about to say? what terms was he about to seek? How vast a conception hath he included in the one word, “very much”? Imagine what thou wilt, for how can that be imagined, which cannot be contained? “He is very much to be praised. And of His Greatness there is no end;” therefore said he “very much:” lest perchance thou begin to wish to praise, and think that thou canst reach the end of His praises, whose Greatness can have no end. Think not then that He, whose Greatness has no end, can ever be enough praised by thee. Is it not then better that as He has no end, so neither should thy praise have end? His Greatness is without end; let thy praise also be without end. …
My faithful little sign that i've worn for the past year has a simple message, "You are loved." The reverse states, "Life is a Gift".
Grandma always had the most delicious dinner in the planet, all home made.
The vada balls will get soaked in the curry and absorb the curry...
As I restructure my closet for spring, I have been thinking a lot about my history as a consumer of fashion, my relationship to money, and my adventures in self expression through the fun and versatile medium of clothing. I used to run a really tight ship around here. Once upon a time, when I was a college student selling hot dogs in front of a Home Depot (Best. job. ever. No joke.) I barely had enough money to make rent and eat at the same time, so shopping was limited to thrift stores. This kept me creative and made looking sharp a challenge. I really enjoyed and appreciated my carefully amassed collection of vintage and second-hand finds. Once I got my first job as a baker, I was making enough money to have a little more fun...which meant buying even more clothes from thrift stores, and shopping in the clearance sections at fancy places like Ross and Burlington Coat Factory. Clothes that hadn't been worn before? Heaven. I started moving away from vintage. Then I became a pastry chef, and suddenly I had enough disposable income to shop at Target. I stopped thrifting almost completely, and started buying new, new, new. Marshalls, TJ Maxx, and Forever 21 came into play. Occasionally I would splurge on an item from Nordstrom Rack, and I could even afford a few things from Anthro's clearance section. Because I was miserable in my career, I shopped for comfort. My wardrobe got bigger, but not necessarily better.
Does anyone else have the feeling that their entire pregnancy occurred in a Twilight Zone? And sadly the 21-and-under-crowd probably thinks of vampires and not Alfred Hitchcock when I say that, but rest assured I'm thinking more of the portly gentleman than the sparkling ones.*
I was too busy pulling the curtains shut and crawling under the bed.
David, who had killed so many for (seemingly) so much less, essentially lets this one go, leaving it to his son to do the dirty work of finally dispatching Joab (1 Kings 2:5-6, 29).
Instead, I'm enjoying a pint of a smoked porter residing in one of the pumps at the bar. I'm not much of one to head for the darker stuff, especially if it's smoky. Give me a pale pint of Ordinary or Best with a hearty malt base and a balanced hop blend, but this is not too bad. Its history began this spring when I was talking to the brewer at McMenamin's High Street Cafe in Eugene, my local when I'm "down in the ditch". He had a leftover partial sack of smoked malt sitting around, and we got talking about what to do with it. The plan became one of collaborating on a smoked porter up here at the brewery, to be shared between us. In October the plan finally came to fruition, and a very very smoky porter was born. Perhaps we shouldn't have chucked in the whole 45 lbs. of smoked malt, but it makes it mighty tasty with a side of bacon. I believe this to be the first ever collaboration between a McMenamins brewery and an outsider. See you at the pub for a pint, or at High Street once we do some replumbing in the beer storage room.
I took a photo on which this painting is based on a free walk organised by a lovely volunteer organisation in my town. The monument in the distance is Stoodley Pike – a landmark around here in Calderdale. In this painting, I was obviously going for the effect of the wind gently creating waves with the moors’ grasses.
Fashion is dictated by designers of the major fashion labels but it is the market that decides what they like and what will be the next big thing. This in turn determines the success of the season collection. Marketing is dictated by upper management, business structure and organizational goals and most importantly the brand at hand. However the success of the marketing efforts is determined by the market as well, which is heavily dependent of the interpretation of the tactics. This determines the success of the brand, the brand value and a customers’ lifetime value with that brand.
Okay nobody thinks I am cheesy now right? Well don't tell me if you do! I printed this poem off on cardstock and inked the edges with a brown inkpad. I then hotglued it to the paper covered foam board. I think it is time for a little assembling. So I glued the foamboard shelf, now covered with moss) onto the picture frame. I held it in place while it got very sturdy and the glue hardened right up. Then I glued my little bunnies onto the shelf, I also glued their little backsides onto the foamboard in the picture frame so that helps support the shelf and bunnies!
I hesitated at turning around. In my ‘overactive imagination’ I thought I would see something horrible, but I did it anyway.
Chase – school magazine editor, photographer extraodinaire, and next-door-neighbour to Josh – was (to put it plainly) hot – really want to see more of him, and see his-and-Hartley’s relationship progress in the coming books – gotta love a teenage boy secure enough in himself to wear guyliner to school. There’s no insta-romance, just a lot of potential, gradually beginning to happen. Sam, Hartley’s best friend, is a fabulous and funny friend, and I liked that she was so involved in Hartley’s life. Their relationship and conversation felt very real and was full of lines that made me grin so much. (“OMG, you touched a dead body!”) Hartley’s mom is slightly eccentric and slightly more overdramatic, but I enjoyed that she obviously does love Hartley, and vice versa.
Sorry for the inconvenience and thanks for your patience. =)
The bartender smiled and shrugged.
I use the scallop punch from SU as it has DEEP scallops...other small scallop punches i have only have narrow scallops *bit like the nestie ones*...and i feel that you don't acheive the desired effect using a narrow scallop. If thats all that you have then you can still do it anyways :) The SU punch i THINK measures 1 3/4 "
(3) Rupert Murdoch, whose mess at the, thankfully now defunct, very seedy News of the World, is still being sorted through at the Leveson Inquiry, seems to be free to produce a new newspaper starting this weekend. Free press is a great thing, of course, but the price is quite high, it seems.
That is correct! If you listen to this podcast we provide you with details on how to enter and how you can possibly win this awesome prize!
FARRRRRRTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT!!
Our recent faculty achievements and publications in top ranked journals, by Prof Raju Mazumdar in finance area, Case publication of Prof Krishna in marketing, are testimony to the excellence that we pursue in business education.
In the book we just wrote, Betsy Bird, Jules Danielson, and I discuss the murky origins of this dopey (pun intended) YA favorite, but praise the publisher for choosing a cover image that has literally lasted for generations. It's almost impossible to think of any other YA novel that has used the same cover photograph for nearly four decades. We can only assume that LUCY IN THE SKY (which references the title GO ASK ALICE on its cover) is paying an homage with its similar design.
Booking is essential to facilitate catering: Please do so on or before 3rd February 2011 – tel.- 011 791 5153 – em: ceramicssa@icon.co.za.
Now, normally I would go to the planer to get the other face of the wood smooth, but I only need my pine to be 1/2" thick. To plane from 1 1/4" down to 1/2" is not only a lot of work, but also a waste of wood, so...
Not sure how to put in shelves, install a disposal under your sink, change a tire, or figure out what kind of wall anchor you need to hang a heavy clock? Instead of calling for help or abandoning the project, first look for videos on YouTube that will show you exactly what to do.
The justification for this interview is 2 fold firstly that i get background on what the clinic does and secondly she has agreed to chat about aftercare which is the main focus of my interview with her i am looking forward to the interview.
CJ and I had a big fight on Saturday night. It was over something really stupid & what didn't help matters was that I was stone cold sober and he was not. Also the fact that boys will be boys and girls have limits of toleration. When everything simmered down and the realization that we do care about each other & love each other too much to fight over nonsense so we eventually went to bed in each other's arms.
1/2 t fresh orange zest
One roof we once lived under.
Unfortunately, sitting with my back to the cityscape that is exactly like the cityscape in your local-international-chain coffee shop makes it nearly impossible for me not to stare in disbelief. Honestly, I get the the cappuccino thing. There a plenty of places that only serve espresso, and if you don't know the lingo you may well think that cappuccino is the easiest way to obtain something white coffee like (ask for an americano with warm milk or cold). And really the prices are higher than the grocery store, but you're rather getting a different product and you're paying over the odds because you choose to. And really, I've yet to identify someone who was actually confused by the queue location rather than being unwilling to admit that they were trying to jump the queue altogether.
In his own words, “We have to look toward ensuring interoperability of those forces and routinely training together so that if we have to conduct high-end operations, we have the ability to work together from a technical perspective, and the skills to work together from a training perspective.”
Najib to also attend Taib’s wedding party?
Explorer of Oceans (2): Having a modicum of knowledge of flora and fauna, islands, weather, navigation and sailing across the oceans of the known world.
"A SPOON FULL OF POOOO, HELPS YOUR PLANTS STAY BEAUTIFUUUUL!"
Good evening from the Ballroom at Bonkers Hall. It is used for numerous functions throughout the year - that's a lot of balls - but surely none as glamorous as tonight's ceremony?
Hope everyone is well.
I have discovered I have a central theme to my life: children. And I have fluttered about with many things having to do with children: having them, home schooling them, coaching them, adopting them, advocating for them. You name it...and I have probably done it when it comes to children. And in my mind...I am constantly looking for that next beautiful flower to land on.
Rohit Bal’s Grand Finale show opened with Silver Strings – a spirited trio of beautiful ladies, who enthralled the audience with their virtuosity on the violins. As the lights came on, the five cones rose to reveal statuesque models in diaphanous creations, while the melodious music of the live orchestra above the stage provided haunting melodies during the show.
and blessed peace to cheer us;
To be honest I have been a little slack with my pork choices. I’ve been so concentrated on beef and chicken that I have allowed the occasional ham sandwich or crispy bacon rasher to slip through my fork. The good news is, I don’t actually eat a lot of pork anyway and this is another reason why I had not completely change my choice of sourcig pork. Free range pork is also hard to find. I did eventually find a free range pork stockist in Springwood but they don’t stock the kinds of cuts that I mainly eat – ham, mince and bacon.
But, who does that to someone else?
What do we get from this? Well apart from an easing of the pain of choice (which I'll come back to), we get some real positive value from the branding effort. Not in the sense that these positioned products are better, but the branding itself can be valuable. We can use the product we've chosen to send signals about ourselves - sometimes to ourselves.
4 April 2012
far beyond the toil and trouble
As you know our DNA is what identifies us. Our DNA points to us and says that is the one! It is he or she! DNA is science it cannot lie. It is fact and it is true. It is reality. DNA decides who is who. DNA is who you are. If you are not what evolution wants you must be eliminated. Your DNA decides if you live or die.
To feel for ever its soft fall and swell,
1. Pressure (remix) prod by GERMZ
"I suppose you realize that if you do walk out on Goethe you'll be leaving him to the Americans?" said Ned, on a practical point of information. "Bob won't let him go, why should he? Don't be fooled by those old Yalie manners of his. How will you live with yourself then?"
Spidey webs MJ and pulls her out from under a toppling brontosaurus, then gives her a firm tongue-lashing for putting herself in danger. It's Spidey's hope that the gruff treatment would throw her off any trail that Spidey might be Peter Parker, and it does. Dr. Connors arrives to talk some sense into Stegron, Steggy calls a pterodactyl and makes a break for it, and Spider-Man follows. Over the ocean, Spidey slugs Stegron, who falls off his mount and into the drink. The Dinosaur Man sinks to the bottom, not to be seen again until a Lizard two-parter in the pages of The Amazing Spider-Man a few years later.
i picked this out of someone's trash last spring. it was in pretty bad shape and all of the drawers were destroyed. but the frame is in good shape. the shelves (drawer bottom bases) in there are just made of cardboard so i plan on replacing them with mdf. the inside is going to be painted creamy white and the outside with annie sloan paris grey. i have removed the back of the piece and will replace that with beadboard. it is in progress as we speak....
The dream itself didn’t have much of a story, but it did involve being able to run without issue. Being able to walk effortlessly from point to point B. Being able to get on a bike and cycle for hours on end.
It must have been! Roger had been too clever, had his men in hiding. But not clever enough; they've prevented my escape, but they're too late to save his life. Sir James looks at the man in the beaver hat. Have I been asleep?
High on Health
image circa 1981
Pendurra, Conrwall was a brilliantly entrancing setting. I could almost feel the magic in the air and there's a tangible sense of something mysterious and unseen to normal human eyes about the place. The possibility that anything could happen is very real and Pendurra almost seems like it's from another time with residents who are enigmatic and mysterious.
Hooks—
Another communication problem: there's a hospital chain that is our main account. We are all set up to sign in and chart at all the hospitals in that chain. A couple of months ago, word came down-- 2nd, 3rd and fourth-hand-- of a new way to chart the dialysis treatments. It was, we were told, mandatory. Here's the problem: five different people told me five different ways to do this mandatory way of charting.
This is where it gets exciting. I got 3 back and knew almost immediately I wanted the first one (pattern much?). With only a few tweaks that Erica swears are no big deal, we talked a hundred miles a minute about what works and why we wanted it. We settled on what would be changed and I bought the istock photo for $18 (a freakin’ bargain, given the circumstances of what I’d pay otherwise).
She took a step towards him, her mind heavy and thick again.
I am he which searcheth the reins and hearts: and I will give unto every one of you according to your works. Rev. 2:23
The need to have Blacks and Whites to talk about racism with each other.
It is the hardest time of the year for me, my biological clock is set to Pacific time, I grew up in the Pacific Northwest, and it is where my clock was set growing up. So moving to Utah 16 years ago was a little hard on my system, and you think I would have adjusted by now (It is okay when the clocks go backward) but I haven't and I really struggle to get my brain to bed at a reasonable hour and an even harder time getting it to wake up in the morning. This isn't helped at all by the fact that I am a hard core night owl!
All want me to sign up for a monthly donation, pointing out that it's tax free, and would make so much of a difference.
Those are my two projects for today! Don't forget about our Preview Party on Facebook tonight at 6pm PST! Come 'like' our Facebook page and join us tonight for lots of chances to win stamps! For the low-down on this release keep reading the details below:
I'm really on a roll in 2008 - I think I would like it if in the next movie I watch, no one dies violently.
When I miss Piper, I miss every little thing that I will never get back. This is a punch to the stomach but still I chose to believe that there will come a day we will be reunited. And I pray that heaven won't be too wonderful to leave me forgetting to relive the things I so miss about being the mommy of Piper.
Cass, T, Erica and I all sit on the diving board, I say, "Erica, do you have brothers?" and she says "no just an older sister" I say, "you seem like someone who grew up around boys and lived by a river in the woods."
Can't really do a certified review of this one. It did taste fantastic, but it wasn't exactly carbonated yet. Kinda weird since it's been bottled almost a week longer then my lager. I poured a 22 oz bomber and split that for both Kevin and I. You could see the start of carbonation, but it clearly needs to sit another week. Actually, after tasting it, we feel that it tasted pretty green and that it could use about a month to sit and mellow. It was very complex. The great thing about it is, the woodiness of the maple sap really came through. It almost tasted like it had been aged in oak barrels to me. Also very present was the aroma of coffee. I'll update a better review once it's sat for another month and has had time to fully carbonate and to mellow a bit.
Well, from one fake to another: There's no lesson at the end of all this ridiculous struggle. I'm not here to stamp a meaning onto your life. That's your gig. On your best days you almost manage it, even though you know you'll eventually lose. In fact the knowledge that you will lose is part of what makes you interesting. Hey, it's something.
The radical sign is like a prison. Twelve can be expressed as a product of prime factors so v12 = v(2×2×3). The 2's pair up and try to break out. Sadly, only one of them survives the escape. v12 becomes 2v3.
Earlier in the week, I was told that by reading this book and it meaning so much to me in some way has made me forsake "the TRUTH" and to be perfectly honest...for a minute (and I gave it NO more time than that) I felt some righteous anger. How dare someone try and steal the joy that I found in this book. I truly felt attacked. Then...a marvelous thing happened. I went for a drive and I needed some uplifting music....so I blasted beautiful Mandissa. Never gonna steal my joy! What a powerful song! Just read the lyrics!
On Saturday I was in a baking mood. I had woken up with a headache, did nothing all morning, tried to have a nap (too many interruptions from the kids), then decided I was going to bake cookies! I've been kind of craving lemon cookies, so I searched Pinterest for recipes.
You have until January 20th at noon CST to enter our current challenge, Valentines for Kids for a chance at three sponsors prizes drawn randomly or a spot in our Top Three. It may seem early to think about Valentines, but if you wanted to send one to SAS4Kids for one of our kids inpatient in a children's hospital, we would need to receive it by early February to make sure we have time to get it to one of the seven hospitals we are now servicing. Of course, you can enter our challenges without sending in your cards. We appreciate all those who enter our challenges and those who send in their cards for our kids!
To enter for your chance to win one of two copies of City of Thieves by Ellen Renner, just leave a comment in the comments section of this post.
Me: Yes, what did you think it was?
Select an operation to perform: 1
Bleach 489 (10:53 — 13:10)
cilantro, minced for garnish
1 large carrot, peeled and sliced
“The only ones who can cancel the AP are the Agong and the Malay Rulers, so it cannot be cancelled,” said Zainuddin.
Have a musical Tuesday. x
They all got new toys yesterday. I wanted to play with them all :I But as Charlie pointed out, I was a grown up and grown ups didn’t have toys… but I suspect that was just a ploy to get me to hand over the bike I was playing with at the time.
Unique….
I like to hear from people afterwards. Please feel free to email me your experience.
Ms. Hepinstall's novel is wrought full of colorful characters and complex circumstances that build to tell an explosive story. This novel is a real page turner with unexpected twists around every corner and a surprising but satisfying ending. This would be an excellent choice for your book club , especially for all you history buffs. This novel would invoke lively conversation and thoughtful speculation about what defines "crazy". The author's website has a few suggestions and I know some of you book club gals could have fun with this.
I am currently reading Elizabeth Elliott's A Chance to Die The Life and Legacy of Amy Carmichael. I am finding it very interesting that her greatest missionary endeavor became her "work" as mother to hundreds of orphans. She started with girls, but wound up having boys in her compound at Dohnavur, in the Southeast part of India.
“Your birthday was yesterday, wasn’t it?”
I’ve got to say that it really hasn’t been easy, but the results are so worth it! I figure in total I’ve lost in the area of 10-15lbs all together and gained however much muscle. I’m wearing clothes I haven’t even looked at in years, and now that I’m on a roll I have no intentions of slacking off. I honestly don’t feel much need to. I will admit getting into class this week has been tough, but I think that has more to do with where my head is, rather than lack of motivation. I managed 5 work outs last week, and in 4 days this week I went in twice. It would have been more but with hair and doctor’s appointments I just didn’t have the time. Although the real test will be seeing how I do with all that amazing food around me while we’re on the boat. Our trainer has passed along an ‘at home’ workout that we can do while we’re away but I’m also told there will be classes on the ship. I will be happy with myself if I can maintain where I am, as there’s really no excuse for us to loose ground.
Chapter 22 contains miscellaneous laws, including one that states that if a man is caught in adultery with another man’s wife, BOTH of them are to die, which is interesting in light of the scene in the New Testament where the Pharisees drag a woman in front of Jesus, claiming she was caught in adultery. I’ve always wondered why they didn’t bring the man, too.
It's been one of THOSE days when everything goes wrong.
"Good Days" by Joe Purdy - Mr. Purdy fills two spots on the daily five today. I'm a big fan of his 2007 collection Take My Blanket & Go. "Sometimes I wish the sun didn't come out at all..."
It was in this moment that I realized how similar my shrimp experience was to my comedy career. A tremendous amount of hard work put into something and then practically throwing it all away.
I choose to feel calm and relaxed at all times, even under tension and pressure, in Jesus Christ Name I pray! Amen!
On the Elandsberg a crab-spider lurks on an Albuca flower. Striped toktokkie (so called because he knocks like a death watch beetle) – the ones I know have smooth backs, in the Karoo they are armourplated. At Varschfontein, once was a farm, I saw this – white lentil running like hell, tiny beetle with his sunscreened overcoat. He is called – a frantic tortoise beetle!
FINALLY.... Jake's ring! He chose to have a thumb ring because of comfort and because it's a reference to Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. He works with his hands/fingers on a daily basis and isn't used to wearing jewelry. I think a thumb ring looks cooler and is an awesome compromise since I didn't think I could talk him into a ring in the first place.
Ladies don't forget to grab your buttons and display them on your blogs...you've earned them!
And look, more jars waiting to be filled with more stuff. Perhaps if my darling sister, GoddessK, returns Mom's dehydrator I can fill these two with apple rings or dried mushrooms or strips of yummy sugar melon. (I wonder if she'll read this - love ya girl!)
I prefer to do this way because if not, I find the Korean
All colors shine brighter
I've been trying very hard to contain "happy dance" behaviour. I've not always been successful...
I am a slow reader and just recently I have been busy with my work, so I welcomed the fact that yesterday I had to spend five hours on a train. If it is not too noisy, I think a train is the perfect place to read. So yesterday I made some progress through The Science of Dr Who by Paul Parsons. As I said last week, I am a long-term fan of Dr Who, and this book makes me want to watch all the episodes again from scratch because I think I'd look at them with new insight. At the end of each one I could turn to whoever was watching them with me and say something like 'they could do that, you know...'
I have dreams about killing myself. I have dreams about dying. I have dreams about running away and not being here anymore. I have dreams about being surrounded by people I can’t see or communicate with. I just can’t ever connect with them.
That also means its swim suit season…UGH! Time to get our tans on!! I am in desperate need of one of those!! Or, is purple a tan? Nah, I don’t think so…not an attractive tan any way!!
and would if I could offer any
A general noticed one of his soldiers behaving oddly. The soldier would pick up any piece of paper he found, frown and say, "That's not it," and put it down again. This went on for some time, until the general arranged to have the soldier psychologically tested.
"The Interrupted Wireless"
Kaleidoscope was the result of a nine brewery collaboration between (take a
Today I created a new world. A digital world devoted solely to all my social media accounts. All those months ago, I thought blogging would result in a few extra emails and tied everything into our home email address. At the time, I also ticked every conceivable chance for Blogger, Facebook and Twitter to send me emails. Add to this, countless newsletter subscriptions. Sound familiar? The result: I am drowning in emails and losing sight of my life. Net Net Result: Mr. H and kids are grumpy with Mrs. H.
It reads like an experimental novel.
I had to think of how to make sense of words in a sentence.
Big Hugs and Happy Crafting... (Do you think I'll have to do three pink cards now to make up for this blue one??!! hehe)
Hunter Garrity is used to watching his back. The kids at school sense something different about him. And they’re right.
Across the country today,thousands of 10 and 11 year old children will be sitting hunched over exam papers. And they will continue to hunch for the rest of this week - 4 English papers, 3 Maths and 2 Science.
This site seeks to provide users with practical information coupled with testimonials of encouragement. There are blogs, forums, videos, and even a live chat with a doctor.
I hope you all have a spectacular week, and thanks so much for visiting! Oh, by the way, did you order your copy of A Compendium of Curiosities 2 yet? I'll be making an announcement about the new challenge later this week!!!
While media reports have characterized the Coalition's opinion of the rules as favorable, NYCCGC has officially held comment, ...and has been meeting with Coalition members, conferring with other greening groups, and consulting with legal experts to fully assess the scope and impact of the recently updated rules.
I kicked off my SaveMySmile campaign on Twitter, asking for 70 followers to donate 10$, then I moved to Facebook, asking each of my 600+ friends to PayPal just 1$. I'm well aware it's a bit like the NPR Pledge Week, still amazing and just a bit annoying. I apologize. And smile :D
12. New York Knicks
I’m sure there are some people out there that will nit-pick my suggestion and scrutinize their validity. That’s fine so long as you get the message, so long as you appreciate that there things in existence, in your life that fall into these categories. These categories are not absolute but are there to give you perspective.
When we have shuffled off this mortal coil,
I'm not sure what I think of sites that promote this. Poop Senders is not alone. There are actually a lot of websites out there that will do this for you. I just keep picturing myself being on the receiving end of a poop package and unless it was from someone within my immediate circle of friends and/or family, I would get pretty upset about it.
On pages such as this one, they claim that writers will “earn 70% on your sales when priced at $2.99 or higher on all channels.” This is an extremely disingenuous claim, as it is not 70% of your cover price, but 70% of the money Book Country receive from retailers.
Do you wish to provide your child an advantage when it comes to education and life? Then consider piano lessons.
Stille Betrachtung an einem Herbstabend (1863)
From Depak Chopra, at Beliefnet.com:
oao plums. hope your week is as delicious as a very delicious thing. i certainly hope mine is.
So was it cultural diffusion or population replacement?
But not chiles. Or Chillies.
Apparently, a generation or two of voters were not paying attention in school if, indeed, American and world history was even being taught. In 2008 a slim majority elected Barack Hussein Obama, a thorough-going communist with total contempt for the Constitution, America, and its people. That’s not fair.
Favorite color: Green
I haven’t read any of the books myself and the selection is based entirely on the above criteria. I’ve prepared a poster for each book with a brief plot synopsis. It will be interesting to see which novel is selected.
I had hoped you'd see my face and that you'd be reminded
It is no exaggeration to say that the Met frontline are lions led by vacillating donkeys.
16.) Rejected Name
1 T agave
Although the mountains and the seas collide I”ll be waitin’ on the other side
small amount chopped white chocolate
concerning that matter and effect a change. Take advantage of your office
Perpetual Beta is, if put into motion correctly, a tremendous opportunity for developers. They are able to come in contact with the market much quicker, with the real time data they’re able to make quantifiable decisions and in turn reduce the risk of failure, as well as create a deeper connection with the users.
My road test is next week... (*gasp!*)
Mom was pessimistic and tried to dissuade me. But already a budding foodie and curious about most things culinary, my argument was simple. We liked fruit. We like cake. We liked my grandmother’s blueberry cake which combined fruit and cake. It only made sense that we would like this fruitcake from Texas.
Valentine's Day 2010 boiled our Honey Weiz for my honey. It's got a very viscous yet sticky feel to it, just during the boil! This is the first brew using my new immersion wort chiller from NB. I hope it makes a nice/crisp finish on the brew.
I topped My Boyfriend Scales Walls with the Shatter in this collection, Shatter the Scales. It's a dark green with silver shimmer. When I applied it, I didn't go past the edge of the white at the base of my nails, and as the crackle dried, it pulled in from the edge quite noticeably. I didn't like that white border, so I touched up with more crackle at the base, which is why I've got cracks running in several directions. I added topcoat over the crackle.
Stephanie and Luke painted the stairway, and the wall that looks so dingy behind Terry in the picture is now a glowing golden color that looks really good with my fall decorations. Steph and Luke also pressure-washed the outside of the house and the driveway, and we spent two days tracking and killing one of these spiders that was loose in my bedroom. By "we", I mean Luke tracked and killed it while Stephanie and I alternately issued orders, screamed in panic and cheered Luke on.
It turned out to be porn & no video game
School Lane
By the time I got started it was 4:30 or so.
2) Losing my way
Now if you have a blow torch, you don't have anything to worry about. But for people like me who don't own one, the oven comes in handy, and fetches the same result as a blow torch. I must admit, however, that the first time I tried it, I managed to literally burn the cream. I turned around for a couple of seconds to clear my kitchen counter and there I could already smell the burnt caramel and it was torturous trying to get it off my pretty ramekins. The second time I watched it like a hawk and came up with beautiful, even caramel topping. So here I shall explain in detail how to go about the process (since I'm kinda jobless right now) :)
I’ve been avoiding wordpress for a while so as not to spread negative energy. From my previous posts, it’s been over 2 months now that I’ve been really low. Yes there are highs, that don’t last more than a few hours. At the point of wondering why I’m alive while nothing in my white room moves except for the clock, the electric fan, my eyeballs and my breathing, I thought of seeking treatment already. Okay, enough.
Tom Sawyer wraps up just before 9pm. These kids, I can tell, worked damn hard and they deserve the applause from the small crowd. I gather our things and run for the door. In the car I ask the Chatterbox what she thought of it. ‘I dunno,’ is her reply. I explain how Tom Sawyer is a mischievous, misunderstood boy who does a good thing at the end – he saves someone’s life by being brave and telling the truth. I sense I’m not getting through. I change tack. ‘He’s a bit like the Raging Bull,’ I say. ‘A bit naughty sometimes, but a good person.’ She seems to accept this. I don’t explain that, unlike Tom Sawyer, the Bull has not yet learned the value of telling the truth.
We will, by what I heard this morning, be taking a “Stephen Leacockian” view of B.C.
It's interesting to note that this is wheeled out as part of the manifesto rather than having acted on this decline over the last 13 years. The British Beer and Pub Association recently released figures to suggest that we are losing 28 pubs a week and has topped 58 per week at a peak. Naturally special interest groups shout from the pumps and beer cellars that we need to do something about this decline and link closures to this kind of political promise. But do we need to save pubs? Strange maybe for a pub blogger but I say broadly in towns and cities no we don't need to save them. A recession and harsher trading conditions are a great leveller for any service business. My rationale is that roughly speaking a bad business will fail and a well run one which is relevant to its customers - with good service, well kept beer and a sense of community will survive. These well run businesses may even prosper from the failure of less successful pubs. Yes, there are wider issues of the way the industry works but I think there is a certain truth in good businesses prosper, bad ones don't. We didn't save whole industries; the closure of which decimated whole towns, villages and regions so why start with saving pubs. Save the industries and you in turn save the pubs that serve the communities in which those industries are based. In smaller towns and villages where there may only be a handful of pubs, a declining population, property bought for weekend getaways, the argument is admittedly different and this is where Brown's measures could make a difference. The manifesto continues to claim that:
When you tell Dad to "Stop grunting!", I grimace because I realize that I say the same damned thing to Rich when HE chews too loudly, and that I have become my mother . But you know what? It ain't so bad. There are worse people I could be.
Here we are August already and time once again for the Calendar girl challenge...I am a wee bit late in posting as I took in the MN State Fair yesterday with my daughter and didn't get my card scheduled to post....I did have a good time at the fair though....
Mr Jefferson appealed for all those concerned about a free and fair election to telephone or email Copeland and Manchester Council, and politely voice their concerns over this matter.
"Do you do this Greenie? Do you?"
Speaking to one bar owner in Bethlehem in the West Bank about his views on the future of Palestine, the demoralising effects of the Israeli occupation really hit, “Some people call this place a prison”, he said, “But I call it a zoo. People come and watch us suffer and leave again like caged animals. There is no hope for Palestine, there is no money here. Everyone with money is emigrating and soon we will have nothing left.”
Mushrooms are like sponges that are secretly holding a lot of water, so you need to saute them before adding them to your quiche. I just placed them in a skillet coated with non-stick spray (and a little garlic for flavor) and then sprinkled them with salt and pepper. Just a touch. The salt will help draw out the moisture.
* Interest rates will increase. Should the United States lose its AAA credit rating‚ it will trigger rising interest rates in an already unfrozen credit market.
achieve?
in the sun on their private beach
This week progress
“Fine. Can I come in?” I said. I got closer to her face and gave a friendly smile.
Haas’ “In iij. Noct.” is composed as a verbal score, with many details and decisions left to the performers. The duration of the piece is only decided during the performance. Haas has set out eighteen musical “situations,” with detailed instructions for improvising on pre-set motifs, chords and string textures, and a corresponding series of “invitations,” whereby the players signal one another that they are ready to proceed from one passage to the next.
Published: 3rd July 2006
1. To cut down eating junkie foods from everyday to twice a week.
I am not blogging because this week has sucked.
runk Driver, S/T
Many of those who purchased the hunting permits said they would simply frame the historic documents as keepsakes. Others said they wanted to “be legal” in case a wolf leaped from between the floorboards of their homes and attacked their families. One man told National Public Radio “I simply don’t like wolves, and I wanted to send them a message.”
My younger one was very thrilled about it.
Happy Saturday my sweet friends..
~~Juju
Of course, it's not all down to messaging. Dyson also benefits from its reputation. But that's another blog post.
I guess with that being said, from all of us here at the Color Throwdown, we wish you a very, merry holiday and a happy new year!! It's been an awesome year of challenges! See you in January!!!
Now back to the original post:
1 lb Dark Munich
April 28th: This past weekend, another little CCH guy, Karthik, got admitted to the hospital for water in his lungs and high blood pressure. Pray for him as well, and keep ALLLLL the CCH kids in your prayers that there will be NO more sickness or problems!
I still have acupuncture once a month. It helps my liver stay happy and the toxins to keep moving out of my system, as well as removing any energy block. Be sure to ask for a referral to a TCM trained acupuncturist. Mine is a wonderful woman who apprenticed with a Chinese doctor in China.
Okay, I better get back to inking those TGF designs if I want to be done with this month's batch of stamps by the end of the week...
with our products and customer service is of the utmost importance. We go out of our way to make sure that your shopping experience is something that you remember and that the products you purchase from us are treasures you will love for a lifetime. Contact us with any questions or concerns that you have.
I learned the hard way that it is not compatible with my usual range of 104 COE so I just made spacers of some rods, others in less beautiful colors got a new life as garden stakes in my herb garden and a few very shocky ones even landed in the trash bag.
I could melt to the floor when you lay your head on your daddies chest.
Turns out these two songs are from their most recent album, so apparently I am now up to date on Coldplay, which is something I never thought I'd say. I have resigned myself to the fact that I love the songs above, and that it's entirely possible that I may like some of their future songs. However, I still absolutely cannot stand their earlier songs, stated at the beginning of the post. "Clocks?" Puke.
and sparkling eyes
E: I want He-Man.
Another confession: Nutella did not overwhelm me. While I'm fond of dipping a pretzel into it or spreading it on a graham cracker, I'm not ready to say it's the best thing to come along since peanut butter. Or Spam.
night. Buddy and I picked up some stuff from Party City and a fabric store and made some pretty sweet Indian gear. The party was a lot of fun and there are more pics up on facebook if you’re interested."
But i had the opportunity to go to the Beefeater 24 Gin event here in Chicago at Hub 51. It released here in Chicago a few weeks ago. Needless to say, Im not a big Gin drink, Im a Cognac drinker, but this Gin has turned me around completely. Before I give out my personal opinion, I'll give you guys a little background about Beefeater 24.
In very recent years we’ve seen the advent of such terminologies and fields of endeavor as nondual psychotherapy, nondual Judaism, nondual Christianity, nondual science, nondual spirituality, nondual inquiry, nondual awareness, nondual philosophy, nondual comedy, nondual cartoons, nondual knowledge, nondual wisdom, nondual healing, nondual teachers, nondual tantra, nondual presence, nondual pointing, nondual perspective, nondual contemplation, nondual coaching, nondual counseling, nondual parenting, nondual design, nondual brain, nondual retreats, nondual Yoga, nondual ecology, and I’ve even seen nondual Tweeting.
Fast forward to the present day. GJ is so gifted in so many ways. She is kind, makes friends easily, and loves learning new things. I have been enormously blessed with how she's handled SO many things that other children and their parents struggle with. Bed time has almost always been easy. She's not overly picky with food. She has never been shy around new people or situations. Even with her transitions from her baby/toddler school to Montessori to public school, she'd handled everything with bravery and grace.
Bam: Sorry fans the 144 or Bust part 2 which was going to be called Reservoir Gods, (Suns of Thunder). that is on a tape in one of my vaults on an island in the Pacific.... one thing for sure it was going to be a beast of an album but it just didn’t happen. The BB project is a completely different
I shall stay forever for….. My God holds the key.
We are rooted together in this struggle, and rooted together we will stand or we will fall. And if Israel falls then the consequences for the West will be both horrific and cataclysmic. We cannot, we must not, and we will not allow this to happen. Long live Western Civilisation. Long live Israel!
Heading to Twilight Highlands ASAP. Based on information from prisoners, ritual equipment was divided between Silithus and TH to cover “contingencies.” Info may or may not be reliable. Information distributed to general cultists may be inaccurate or incomplete.
Don’t get me wrong – the number sounds a bit odd, like it’s not real. It doesn’t seem quite right. It seems like life hit the accelerator about 11 years ago and started flipping calendar pages with reckless abandon.
We got it done, even though 6 of the screw points didn't match properly, and there were a few screws left over, but it's done.
Regrettably, Article 8’s equality requirement does not apply in the private sector or to Government-linked companies.
I’ve had so many fantastic responses to my air guitar classics top ten. People just loving it, and others also offering alternative choices. Exactly what I hoped would happen. So many that I hadn’t thought of, a few I didn’t even know about. And some that just missed out on my original selection. So today I thought, let’s do a Top Ten from all those suggestions.
Okay, okay – I know you people don’t come here for a bunch of pictures of my just having a good time!
I’ll leave the rest of the story to some pictures below, (with more at my Facebook author page), but one thing I’ll add is a summary of events from three a.m. onwards. It involves meeting slightly creepy guys in the street who say “Hey girl, how was your night?” followed by me opening my purse, and giving them a “Year of the Chick” button. This is followed by a series of questions and overall interest, which completely de-rails their original creepy pick-up lines. It’s a creep-combating win and it involves good business sense. So the moral of the story is: always get buttons printed and carry them around in your purse.
Memento ink pads for edges of layers.
2. Quality of life: The NYC Parks Department did the math a few years ago and concluded that for every dollar they spend on street trees, New Yorkers derive $5.60 worth of benefits. Along with reducing noise, providing shade, and beautifying a street, trees moderate weather, blocking wind and rain and acting as enormous air conditioners in the summer (the USDA equates the daily cooling impact of one healthy young tree with 10 room-sized AC units going full blast for 20 hours). Trees also improve air quality (no surprise there), attract songbirds, and have even been shown to reduce stress with their mere presence.
Miss the days when table tennis was the height of evening entertainment sophistication? Craving the simpler days when Trivial Pursuit was all you needed for a cracking evening? Then the Youth Club at Concrete is for you. Not only are they plying you with board games, table tennis and the like, oh no, they are also giving us retro 80s games (think Pacman) and retro 80s tunes (think eat your heart out Mark Ronson). Plus cheapo Italian meatballs… if that’s your thing.
10. Koushik - too much tenderness
AND THE BIG BLUE (aka NY Giants) WIN! - means division playoff par-tay at my place next week! - wooohooo - even tho the game was SO paid off by the ref's - the Giants still kicked ass - that's my boys!
Did you notice them up there?
the assignment is not to chase the infinite answer
Although a lot of the humour is contained in the dialogues, there are plenty of physical gags, and even the sad scenes have an element of comedy. While Farah Khan is poking fun at the very typical filmi devices, she is also acknowledging these older films that she clearly loves. OSO is a paean to these masala greats and we were inspired to track down many of the scenes she referenced.
But what a lovely day it was. The sun was shining, (although there was doubt of that as it stormed all day yesterday) and the location divine. However, in my rush to get Miss Four out to her ballet concert before I headed off, I forgot the camera! That is just not like me. This ballet business has been much more involved, long winded and demanding than I expected for a Four year old's class. However, I have much to say on that so I'll save it for another day. For today's picnic I even had a date. The Mr. came along and little Miss One too. So we feasted on sandwiches and pretzels,bundt cake and petite fours, and a gin and tonic or two. What a way to spend a Saturday. I hope your's is just as sunny, even if only metaphorically.
Hello and a happy Saturday to you all, just a quick post today as we're off out in a mo. Thought I'd show you this lil treat pouch which I've made using one sheet of 12 x 12 BO BUNNY "Abbey Road Dot"paper and the flowers are Petaloo Flora Doodles available from Dies To Die For that the lovely Tracy sent me recently. The label is a stamp by Stampin Up.
Is this a character flaw or just a plot device in a life that gets incredibly harder to live every day? Maybe this existence is just an act, a scene in a Broadway musical produced by God and directed by Satan. I’m just the understudy.
Anyone who knows a bit about Second Life will understand when I say that when you get more than twenty avatars in the same virtual setting, you suffer from bad lag. Even staying on Second Life at that point, was difficult. The hosts of the presentation twice got booted off Second Life before it was my turn.
And then..
Spittle Bond
Even without an audience and only a teacup for company, the Mad Hatter kept talking. I remember the old days, he said to no one in particular since there was no one in particular there. He stopped and thought for a moment, then began again, this time speaking of Charles not as himself, but as someone else.
So, here we are again, Tuesday and its time of Papertake Weekly ! Our challenge this week is "Cute, Cute, Cute" which should be really easy peasy for you all ! We are being sponsored by The Stamp Fairy this week.
Starring: Jamie Bell, Andy Serkis, Daniel Craig
I was on hold forever, before finally reaching someone. “No,” she says, “we have no other flights for you. Do you want to leave in one or two days?”
Early on in the film, Jules, the black hit man, is established as leader of the duo. For example, Jules is seen driving the car, opening the door, pushing the elevator button, all the while leading Vincent, the white hit man.
Its been a lovely trip, seen again a few old sights, seen a few new ones too, and indeed the Amtrak station in the midst of a much needed makeover. One really good point, it wasnt work, I needed the break! I’m not saying I’m ready, or willing to go back there, but all the same… I did see some really nice looking apartments en route to Seattle from the light rail, but was good, and didnt make an appointment to look at them, in case the temptation was too great.
- Jewelry
I thank you for being You
And also had to clean out my drawers and closet from old close to donate to our church. But thankfully my room looks good now!! SO weird though to have my clothes in the drawers and closet again. I haven’t really lived at home in a long time..so its just different.
Redevelopment has produced several archeological, landscape, building and excavation surveys and reports researched by researchers not of St Kitts but of learned universities and external consultancies. But the social history and culture of the Africans who constructed and maintained Wingfield over the centuries are largely absent. Today in the grant scheme of remembrance, the emphasis is on the ownership of the land and buildings and bringing the ruined estate into a condition where it can be purchased by visitors and title deed holders but most importantly to regain its once economic value and status outside of the context of the African contribution. Hotel and tourism is the new sugar and the ruined plantation is central to the sweetness. Today the ruined plantation offers large exclusive properties much like the big plantation houses of the 1817, with a physically-free African working population on 24/7 call, offering domestic services to dwindling tourist market, mainly in the interest of large European multinational corporations and oversees individuals who controls the hotel and tourism industry globally.
Then you know it's Spring.
In a medium bowl, mix the salt into the water until dissolved. Soak the peeled, sliced cucumbers in the brine for about an hour. Rinse under cold water and drain. Meanwhile, combine the sugar, vinegar, and cream. Add in the sliced onion, then the rinsed cucumber. If the marinade does not cover the cucumbers, add additional vinegar and sugar (in equal parts) until the cucumbers are covered. Place a lid over the container and shake well until everything is combined. Refrigerate overnight. Serve with your favorite summer dinner.
Jacob located his brewery near the Big Eddy Springs, from which poured nonacidic, nonalkaline water that the brewery uses without treatment to this day. . . . Water is the key to the brewing process, and most brewers have to treat their water in one way or another in order to make it suitable for brewing. Jacob never seemed to have this problem, and the brewery's water is still of high quality today (The Breweries of Wisconsin, 142.)
“I saw a bow in your truck.” The man said, so softly that it was difficult to hear. “If you want to stay alive, I suggest you get rid of that gun and switch to a more subtle weapon.”
That said I made more progress this week-
Not if I can help it. I shuffle off from the back of the hall just as the delegates are going to have a vote on what will be the Protected Bird of Betazoid, the Woody Wood Pigeon, or the Fanta Orangebird.
Sheldon is a little trooper. He loves to go outside and walk in the grass as well as swim around in the water. He loves to bask too. He is a funny little guy. He will stretch out as far as he possibly can. He's just as sweet as can be. I thought once about finding a tank mate for Sheldon. I wondered if he ever got lonely, so one day I decided to buy some goldfish. :( Not a good idea. Fair warning, if you have a turtle, they eat everything....... I mean everything. My daughter and I prayed before we let the goldfish go..........little did I know we were praying over Sheldon's meal :(
Thanks in large part to Department of Transportation grant that will fund 80% of the project, construction of a two-route, $47.6 million rapid-bus system known as MetroRapid will begin this fall. The FTA’s Very Small Starts program will cover some 80 percent $47.6 million total cost.
So if Mutual Funds only grow by 10%, on the surface ETF’s seem the winner, they grew 30% in the last year. In dollar terms, the MF 10%, is 81,300,000,000, more than the entire value of ETF’s in Canada.
Scott: On the one hand, “the customer is always right”, so it’s definitely in Bioware’s interest to appease fans. On the other hand it sets a dangerous precedent for the industry. I don’t even just mean a dangerous precedent for the democratization of content, but also for how publishers will react. Bioware is a pretty big deal for EA, but what happens if the next time is a smaller studio? Will the publisher back them up and support the post-release plot change, or will they take the fan outcry as a failing and close the studio? Or it could lead to publishers wanting to have more control over narrative-driven games, with plots only approved for production if there is a successful game with the same plot to show demand. This is something that already happens with game genres, so if fans make game narrative a big enough issue I can see the same thing happening there as well.
with head held high
**I guess I didn't even read the photo caption - there are 1550 chairs in this installation! (where is that V8 when you need it?)
Looking at all of the beautiful pieces people are redoing with Annie Sloan Chalk Paint has inspired me.
All, I will point out again, in March.
This is what this charade about the underclass is all about. It tries to hide the fact that the corporate welfare cheats are laughing all the way to the bank with their millions. John Key the NZ Prime Minister is a classic case. A multimillionaire from illgained earnings from currency speculation. An investor in dairying, winemaking, mining, property development, and formerly Tranz Rail. He and his business mates run the NACTs in the interest of making more profits from public asset grabs and insider trading. Meanwhile the sideshow of Benie bashing is designed to force them into shitty work to lower labour costs and encourage profitable investment in 'new jobs' and 'economic growth' in the 'national interest' of the NACTs.
"Good. The Stable Rods?"
The Hero’s Journey Structure is both formulaic and powerful. It isn’t right for every story, but when it can be applied it makes for some mighty good storytelling. Have fun with it y’all!
On the corner of Rue du Mirail and Rue Saint-François, a stone’s throw from the busy thoroughfare that is Cours Victor Hugo, sits one of the city’s most curious buildings: Hôtel Saint-François*.
Love says it all.
Risk factors for heart attack: We know that there are some factors that may increase the risk of a person having chest pain that may be related to the heart. Some of those can be: previous heart attack, previously diagnosed stroke, history of smoking (especially recent), high blood pressure, diabetes, high cholesterol or family history of heart attacks.
Don Shenker, chief executive of Alcohol Concern the fake charity that gains most of its funding from the public purse, said: 'This is a shocking indictment on the Government's failure to tackle harms from alcohol misuse."
As a 21st century bride I’m sure you’ve been using the Internet to help you plan your wedding. In addition to researching companies online, you have probably joined a wedding community to talk to other brides, click through online galleries and blogs for ideas and may have even started your own wedding Web site (a Wed site) or blog to share your plans with your bridal party and guests. But have you thought about twittering your plans?
Good luck and congratulations.
-Really annoys the player
Prom stuff is heating up this week with events to do almost every night this week for the Junior parents to get ready. I'm not sure which I'm going to be doing... but we'll see what I can fit in. Saturday night I'll be up all night helping out with the after prom party. Teaching Sunday school the next day should be a hoot!
Income Inequality levels track the top tax rate.
“For I speak to you Gentiles, inasmuch as I am the apostle of the Gentiles, I magnify mine office.”
in the end, it was the big sister who came up with our "train" theme.
8. Lou Ann Barton - Please Come Home for Christmas
Anheuser-Busch, Inc. Bud Ice Light
I think this may have been the step that intimidated me the most, and I still don't know why because it was really easy. I've made meringues before, but for some reason, I thought this particular method would set me up for the glorious failure I know you all love so much. But TOO BAD FOR YOU, it did not.
All right, back to Mike Danton.
3.- Never punish when the child has not intentionally done wrong.
He was terrorised like this for three hours. At 4am they gave him his keys and he left. He believed that they might have stolen some of his cheques from the bakkie – he will get verification from the bank. He has submitted a formal charge. “People must know. I cannot remain silent. I was victimised and illegally detained.â€ Warrant officer Malebo Khosana, confirmed that Van der Merwe lodged a complaint which wil be investigated. The investigation will be conducted by the Hennenman police station.
15 kalamata olives, half peices
At school, Jessica is busy being furious that her sister has the cheek to be friends with someone as boring and nerdy as Enid, and at one point even says "what if someone thought it was me hanging out with Enid?" Just to hammer the point home that Jessica is a terrible person and all. She's also got her knickers in a twist over Enid because she's somehow her competition for the Fall Dance Queen thing and Ronnie is head of the dance committee and Jessica seems to think everyone is as mental and devious as she is. I'm not quite sure what the deal is with Enid being her competition though. If pop culture has taught me anything (and it has), it's that the popular, bitchy girls are the ones that get nominated for these things. So surely Jessica's friends or the other sorority girls would have been more likely? If I was Lila Fowler I'd be all kinds of pissed off about it. So anyway, Jessica finds one of George's letters in Elizabeth's room (I DID NOT see that coming) and obviously does the most psychotic thing possible, leaving a copy of it in Ronnie's locker in an attempt to ruin Enid's life over a temporary and ultimately meaningless title.
Who was grateful for each day and sight and experience.
Event Date: Every Wednesday
01. I Saw It Cummin' (Album Version)
Michael Spencer: Chairman and chief exec of the financial transactions company Icap. Former conservative party co-treasurer and chairman of the Conservative Foundation. Donations: 175,000.
I am in no way ready for all these financial commitments to get the help I need.
We started off with cocktails - brilliantly mixed by Red, but worrying for an author who might have to speak coherently about her work. It felt strange to be back in the world of expat wives - to ask questions like ‘What does your husband do?’ And ‘How long are you here?’ But, true to form, expat women are open and friendly and inventive in the ways they find to transform a nomadic existence. By the time we sit down to dinner - and wine - I feel like I’ve never been away.
For the candles, I use a cheap, long federal style that you can buy from most retail stores (Target, Wal-mart, etc). I think they normally come 8 to a box. They last a pretty long time as the wax will melt to the bottom of the bottle and continue to encase the wick. In fact, the candles shown were left over from last year and they have already been used 6-7 times this year.
From EDL sources, this is a report from an eyewitness to the car incident in which several people were run down and injured. According to rumor, one of the victims died.
law but show you are committed to our country. This is what America
Yeah, we know that was 7, not 5...we considered posting them ALL!
Store bought pancake mix
9. bake 20 or so minutes until toothpick comes out clean.
January 31st – was 37.1 lbs lighter
Applications are invited for a permanent lectureship or senior lectureship in Japanese Studies. The post will be based within the subject area of East Asian Studies in the School of Arts, Languages, and Cultures.
And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada was over both the Cherethites and the Pelethites; and David’s sons were chief rulers.
Once rolled, fresh pasta should be dusted with semolina (preferably) or flour to keep it from sticking if you’re not going to cook it right away. You can lay it on a semolina- or flour-dusted baking sheet or linen kitchen towel, until ready to boil. Or drape it over a suspended rolling pin or pasta drying rack until ready to use.
they're not getting any schooling for yet ANOTHER week.
AGAIN!
To mind a slender man like me,
But then something happened to turn that happy cycle on its ear…Pinterest.
she feels at peace
No hopes.
In 2005 I mustered the courage to leave my marriage and moved to a fresh start in beautiful, light-filled Colorado with my three children and with the help and blessing of my soon-to-be ex. He immediately changed his tune and continued abusing me, now using the court system as a weapon through a horrendous custody battle. He lied about me and about himself to two psychologists and in courtroom after courtroom. I told the truth and was abused. The court sided with the liar and took my children from me, giving them to a man who never spent time with them and barely parented them, unless I agreed to move back to Pennsylvania and take on joint custody. I was devastated. I could not leave my babies. Moving back to Pennsylvania felt like giving up a dream of a better life, but I did it for my children. I had no other choice. My kids were devastated too at being made to leave their home, their friends, and their new life.
‘Death’s Kingdom’ is a section heading in one of my favourite books: Brian Gardner’s Up the Line to Death: the War Poets, 1914-18 (Methuen, 1964). It and its companion The Terrible Rain are out of print at the moment, but if you’re lucky you can still find them through the magic of the Internet. The phrase refers to Nightfall by Herbert Asquith, which was written at Sanctuary Wood near Ypres in 1917.
I was trying to decide between a 2-star rating for most of the book and a 4-star for the ending. However, most of the book is obviously, umm, the majority of the novel, so I have gone with 2 stars.
Week 16: Sunday, Dec. 23, San Francisco, 1:15 PM
for a meeting they’d set—
Viper helped me to realize a few different things:
—William Blum
Over the next month or so, I’m planning on reading more fantasy for the Once Upon a Time challenge, as well as reading more sci-fi. Remember a few months ago when I asked everyone for sci-fi recommendations because I hadn’t read any before? Well, you created a monster. I’m now addicted to sci-fi. I’m planning on reading as much of it as I can.
Also, I’m SO GLAD Ironside sent his two goons back to kill McLeod thus bringing him back to his younger and more powerful state! This guy is a GENIUS!
I used the Fancy Tags Two & Standard Circle dies from Spellbinders
Set completion=376/1500 (25.07%)
1 health--for
Um, WHAT?!?!
I decided to research a little more.
PTPTN abolitionists charge that it is administratively inefficient and unfair to leave graduates with a mountain of debt, costly to the taxpayer because of low repayment rates (and subsequent costs of having to forcibly recover dues), and un-Islamic due to the charging of interest.
“We loved looking at that book together. Jack thought it was so funny that the guy’s last name sounded just like “ball sack.”
not romantically...
Shortly after noon officers could be seen scaling the roof of the house and attaching tarps to the roof and a fence to shield the body of the dead officer from the view of TV helicopters.
He eventually ‘compromised’ by limiting his playing hours to between 12 – 1pm and 6 – 7pm each day, but according to one resident Chong Liling who posted on MP Alex Yam’s Facebook, though the playing frequency has decreased, the volume has gone up by a notch.
Next month Maidei will be off to Vancouver after her prairie city sojourn here.
4) I truly believe that I once saw a ghost in our home in Dallas, Texas, after I had gone to bed one night. She was non-threatening and produced feelings of awe rather than fear. However, I never slept on that side of the bed again.
Do you see any particular challenges facing needleworkers today?
Aluminum is a very popular metal right now because it is a fantastic alternative to sterling silver. Not only is it more economical but it won't tarnish. It is also safe to wear for anyone who can safely wear sterling.
Vitamin B-Complex Factor – See Panthenol.
In my mind it's the key to her glamorous hotel room right smack in the middle of Paris.
It’s seems a few have since departed,
All that aside, when Mary and Qacei, proprietress's (is that a word???) of Sunny Side Up heard that I had miscarried (more on that later....maybe) they made me a ....
Amateur footage shows smoke rising from buildings in Homs, Syria, yesterday
They lay across the benches, and pass out in the stairwells, bref, lounging & smellin' up the joint is where it's at. I'm not completely heartless, but after you've seen hundreds a year the phenomenon becomes less shocking. I don't even get freaked out anymore when they mutter insults at me. (I always have to resist the urge to talk back to the shoe-less man with food stuck in his beard calling me unkempt. Really sir? My hygiene is not up to snuff? I'll run home & jump in the shower for you, but first let me pick that hunk of sandwich from your facial hair.) I was starting to feel pretty proud about mastering the art of ignoring, a true sign of my French integration.
Monday to Friday 11.30am-2.30pm
He notes, “Muscle Car 1000 is making a real difference in one of the world’s poorest countries.”
So, what IS it with countries and Daylight Saving? Why do people advance their clocks by an hour in March, and come November turn back their clocks by an hour? Okay, okay, I really do not have any good reason for disappearing. Except for perhaps Laziness. That is the best I can come up with. That, and the fact that Rohan’s next mail would have fired a bullet at my head, a la Rajni saar!
I hope you still feel small when you stand beside the ocean.
Well we were.
Ronald Reagan: he was my favorite president of my lifetime. He was president during my late high school and college years, a time when the world is fresh and new and everything seems possible. And really, that’s the feel I think Reagan gave to our nation.
Björk I miss you IS
I really recommend reading it if you can get your hands on a copy. Now all I need is an actual house!
Now that my life has returned to normal after the chaos from last week, I decided I needed to hunker down and get back to the grind of my daily workout. I slacked a lot last week. In fact, I only walked one day with Megan. That was the only exercise I got all week, aside from chasing after three kids, of course.
At 10am it smells so yummy and is making me feel so hungry.
Having said that, next Monday - 14th May - I'll be taking part in the First Loves Blogfest, so I'm already breaking my schedule. And also, I currently have no one lined up for any Friday posts - because I literally made this up as I wrote - so I'll be winging that until I find people to fill it up!
I’d like to pull one out of the bedding, but there’s two different tones of the grey. At first I was going darker because this room gets so much natural light, but now I’m leaning toward a lighter one.
1) Learn to honour the value and not the cost: Amy says that this means stopping to consider whether or not an item fills a legitimate need or whether you’re only thinking about buying an item because it’s inexpensive. “Put an end to the super size, the more is better mentality and you’re off to a good start,” she says.
But I do think it’s somewhat ridiculous to have these types of shows; how the hell do those characters accomplish anything in a given day? Everybody is always in the hospital or dealing with some sort of affair that I’m not sure how they pay the bills every month.
How has doing a yearlong/daily project affected your life? Having to create a mixed-media art page each day keeps me focused on creativity all day now, I look at the next day’s project as soon as I complete and post the project for the current day. This gives me time to let my mind wander through the challenge, mull over the possibilities, and think about what art supplies I have to pull from before I actually get into creating the project in the evenings. I am excited about learning and trying new art techniques again and am not spending my entire evenings channel and internet surfing anymore. I‘m getting encouraging and complimentary comments from friends and family on Facebook who are following my daily updates. I have learned and experienced so many new ways of exercising my creativity, (I made encaustic media from a youtube video and finished my first encaustic piece yesterday), and am uncovering a lot about my creative process as well. I realize now when I was blocked before I was prone to giving up and have more than a few unfinished paintings over the years to prove it, but knowing that there will be another prompt tomorrow encourages me to stay on task so they won’t pile up. I have also learned to just let go and let the art happen. In painting I was so process oriented from the sketch to the finished piece and with mixed-media I don’t have to be so much. I can start with an idea or just throw something, anything on the page to see what happens, and that I’ve discovered; is when the magic happens.
Blending the sophisticated satire of Jonathan Swift with the charming exuberance of a Pixar film, PYG tells the story of Toby, a truly exceptional pig who lived in late eighteenth-centuryEngland.
This is the idea that first popped into my head for the black and pastels challenge at CASual Fridays and it's a design that's most likely been done loads of times before but the striking contrast between the pastel butterflies and black card is pleasing to my eye and it also meant I could use some of the gems I have hoarded but hardly use!!! .... the butterfly dies are from dienamics and a mixture of two different sets.
I think this cut would work really well with my hair. I had a cut similar to this years ago (before my hair was curly) that I really liked. It doesn't seem like it would be too difficult to style. Unfortunately it is widest right where my face is widest...
After a frustrating bottling session (never using pellet hops for dry-hopping ever again) I am ready to sit down and drink a couple strong, tasty beers. So here is a comparison of the original bottling of La Fontaine du Sang and the most recent from a few weeks ago.
The rationalization of Christianity could draw to it many more adherents from among the cognitive elite. This would amplify religion’s function as a damper of transcendence on the lucky few who are usually prone to narcissism, disdain for the little people and hubris. And hubris kills and destroys, as the Greeks knew so well but our midgets don’t. At the least, they are guilty — all of them, everywhere — of what Nicholas Nassim Taleb calls “epistemic arrogance.”
Since the art had different colorations online, I first saved them all to my computer and then brightened them and changed them to the same black and white tone in my photo editing program. Just to keep things interesting, I mixed in the sea fans (spray painted and placed in a shadow box) for texture and added some black and white photographs that I already had.
Making the list is one part, but optimizing it is the most important thing. The sample grocery list I posted divides your shopping into important sections to help you make sure you get your groceries in an organized way because all of your fruits are together, all your dairy is together etc. But everyone knows that going to the store with a list doesn't mean you aren't going to pick up a few extras along the way too. A sale could be on and so you stock up on items, you have a coupon that you need to use but forget it at the checkout and end up paying full price, you have children and or a husband that likes to sneak things into your cart for you as you are checking out the bargains three feet away.
7) HOUSE ON HAUNTED HILL – Kenny & the Fiends
Japan Airlines runs Boeing 777 service five days a week, on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Sunday. The Dreamliners will operate for four days, excluding Thursday, when the airline will operate Boeing 777.
That depends.
The text field inside the movie clip.
This new project is brought to you by an excess of boredom and life-related hopelessness set out in a canvas of a summer bucket list waiting to come true. So, girls. Don’t fail each other. You can do this. Go and make five-item lists.
People Before Profit Alliance will begin their campaign for “NO” vote today outlining what result each vote will cause for the citizens of this Country.
I chose the name of my business "VINTAGE HOME lifestyle" because it is so much a part of who I am...no matter where I live or what I am doing for a living. Creating a Vintage Home lifestyle is what it is all about for me. You don't have to live in a grand old home to create that for yourself. It can be done anywhere...in a modern apartment, studio, mobile home or even a trailer for that matter. It is all about surrounding yourself with vintage items that you love...that creates your very own Vintage Home lifestyle.
“Really? This is God’s will for me in Christ Jesus? And how does this work? I believe that built into this verse is a key—for when we give thanks, even in sickness, financial distress, marriage problems or any of our very real daily problems, we are making an exchange with the Creator of the universe and here is how the exchange takes place: “Lord, I am in the throes of an extremely difficult circumstance, yet in this thing, I give thanks to you in this circumstances, even thanking you for the circumstance, and in exchange, I ask for Your peace and Your joy.” – “What is God’s Will” here.
But for the recipes to go to him?
Place the parcels in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet, spray with low calorie cooking spray and bake for 15-20 minutes or until golden and crisp. Remove from the oven and serve warm with the hara chutney.
Further you teach about the elevated position of the spiritual master:
Micro by Michael Crichton and Richard Preston (audio)
Isa 59:19: So shall they fear the name of the LORD from the west, and his glory from the rising of the sun. When the enemy shall come in like a flood, the Spirit of the LORD shall lift up a standard against him.
What is it with pop-up shops now?! Remember when they were sooo cool? Remember when they were this brilliantly elusive and exclusive enigma that the trendiest brands used and only the chosen few knew about or stumbled upon, only for it to disappear before they could even tell their friends? Well, several years down the track the pop-up shop has gone viral. It's in the mainstream, and it seems to be a bit pointless to bother with a pop-up when you advertise it everywhere, and you've got plenty of stores anyway, where people know they can go whenever they want to, not just when you say. This week is particularly crammed with pop-ups. Last Sunday I went to Spitalfields and took in not less than three pop-up shops within a city block of one another. And this weekend Whiteley's, a random shopping centre around the corner from my friends' place in Bayswater that I've never bothered to visit because it seems to have only a H&M, is having a whole floor dedicated to pop-ups (isn't that a department store?). Okay, I may go along to check out the Wild Fox boutique, but I will participate in frequent eye-rolling and make sure to think I am better than everyone there because I knew about pop-ups when they were still cool.
When he moved in, the teenager was provided with Sky TV in his bedroom, a bicycle and a mobile phone.
Why shouldn’t I, indeed?
Tolling for the luckless, the abandoned an’ forsaked
Shortlist Media, 26-34 Emerald Street, London WC1N 3QA
They are my gift to you; I’ll forgive you of what you’ve done wrong
"They can't do it!" Deanna shouts, "We are being persecuted."
Because of the potential for the plague to be used in a biological weapon, the government approached Johnson & Johnson and asked that the company pursue federal approval, the Newark Star-Ledger reported.
Another day Scott and I took a day trip up to Lahaina to go snorkeling and explore the area. We snorkeled at Black Rock and saw amazing fish! Some of them glowed in the light. Alas, when we went back to the van we discovered that Scott had gone snorkeling with the car keys in his pocket. They happened to be electronic keys and so the chip inside was fried. There is only one guy on the island who can fix it. So, we had to wait for him to drive out to fix it and then pay his exhorbitant fee because we had no choice. Ggrrr.... lesson learned...don't buy a car with electronic keys!
SEFE is now up a remarkable 232% since our initial profile on March 26th. Almost 16 million shares exchanged hands during the course of more than 6,700 individual trades. These figures show buyers are still in control, as profit-taking and short sellers were unable to suppress this run.
The sea was mottled aquamarine and turquoise with only the gentlest of motion. We headed in the camper a few kilometres to Golden Beach Kayaks and hired a couple of kayaks for two hours. After a quick safety briefing we paired up and got into our skirts and life jackets. Aaron was in the front with me and Jacob headed up Michelle’s kayak. I have never used a rudder before in a canoe and it made the whole experience much easier, especially with Aaron’s erratic paddling.
Although disappointed, finally I could move on.
shake with ice and serve
Saturday morning we woke up early and I was once again in the baking mood. I made some strawberry cheesecake muffins for breakfast. Then, I had been eye balling Brown Eye'd Baker's recipe for Homemade Granola Mix. I'm such a big granola girl and had always wanted to try my own recipe. When she posted this post Needless to say, I definietly suggest you try it (:
Corn is totally not in season yet, not here anyway. But I can't get enough of the fresh ears showing up in the store. And lord knows I love a good compound butter, but sometimes a girl only needs a little butter, crunchy salt and pepper on her corn.
Here are a few of my favorites:
I wish I'd left when I realized my relationship was over, not a year later.
I didn't know I was in trouble, but things were starting to get worse, not better. The swelling that I experienced at the end of my pregnancy was starting to get more pronounced and more painful. It was hurting me to walk. The look of my legs was thick from thigh to ankle, hardly tapering at the knee. The ankle was so swollen, they were puffy and sore. The tops of my feet would hurt just to tap to the touch. My face had swollen, my hands and arms and my whole body more or less.
Parents are responsible for raising kids, not teachers.
I do wonder why some people have kids and then bitch about them. Tonight at the store I witnessed a mom with 3 kids bitching about her kids with the cashier. I really couldn't hear everything, I was in another lane, it just bothers me. I see so much bad parenting out there but to just complain about it to strangers????
A Guide to Self-Control:
TV show (Netflix show)- Outsourced, Iron Monkey
Why am I telling you this? Well, because I only just remembered what he did with the dingy wall near the Ennis grocer’s. Here it is.
it’s slippery, elusive–
“Love keeps no score!” I swore to my sheets that night, warm trails of sadness leaving burning streaks on swollen flesh.
“Assignment?”
A MacArthur funded study was just released regarding the activities kids are involved in online. It’s an interesting read for all educators and parents. They conclude that the “hanging out”, “messing around”, and “geeking out” that kids do online helps students gain media literacies and skills they will need to fully participate in the 21st Century society. Here’s a quote from the summary of the report:
In one download you'll get the stamp and the colored version. The stamp comes in SVG and PNG file format. The colored version comes in PNG file format. All 300dpi. When you download the file, it will be accompanied by a "Read Me" text file with all of the copyright information. In short, please don't share and please credit me, Andy Bauer at The Digi Street, with a link back to my shop or my blog.
The President of the United States of America, Barack Hussein Obama, has generated so much fear that the most common theme of posted comments and private communications is that he will refuse to relinquish power if defeated in November or that, under some pretext, he will declare a state of martial law.
They don’t understand what it means to sacrifice or to go without. For them, sacrifice is eating an unfrosted pop tart, fornicating with an unflavored condom or settling for less than an unlimited phone plan. Take away their cushy duvets, parental fawning and Junior Shopper credit cards and they wouldn’t last 5 damned minutes in the cold hard world.
Marcie is easy to identify with. When it is discovered that her father has been cheating--with another man--Marcie's mother takes Marcie and flees to their summerhouse in New Hampshire. Marcie's mother has always flirted with depression, and now that her family is falling apart, she finds herself unable to function properly. Marcie is alone and must function as the parent, doing errands such as grocery-shopping and running to the laundromat. On top of that, her mother refuses to return to Idaho at summer's end, which means Marcie has to start at a new school, thousands of miles away from her boyfriend and her friends The Leftovers. Anyone who's ever been uprooted and forced to move (as well as those who haven't!) will emphasize as Marcie attempts to fit in all over again. She questions whether her boyfriend back home could also be gay since he never attempted to go further than first base with her and slowly forms a new relationship with a local boy...even though she never breaks up with her boyfriend. (But this is handled in such a way that you never hate Marcie, unlike many books with similar situations.) When her mother discovers that she's seeing someone, she calls her ex-husband, who comes and takes Marcie back to Idaho. Marcie's life is ripped apart all over again. There are consequences to her actions from her time in New Hampshire, and Marcie no longer completely fits into her old life.
Giant
Like myself, some of you are in seasons of your life which are somewhat temporary. You aren't living in the same city that you will be living in five years down the road. You aren't working at the job from which you will retire. You aren't living with the friends and family that you will grow old with. Yet, you are called to live!
Day 2 went well; I got about 6 miles due to my late start before taking a siesta with Dead Animal, Dan and Lander. My foot kept irritating me so I continued gobbling some vitamin I and massaging it. After a fantastic 4 hour siesta and reading a chunk of A Feast For Crows, I cooked my dinner for lunch and headed out for another 10 miles. Lucky for me, the trail went up almost all that afternoon and my foot doesn’t bother me going up for some reason.
“He came unto His own (the Jews) and His own received Him not.”
.....Think simple! Newborns look best in their birthday suits (clothes don't tend to fit them yet, anyway!). Gather favorite blankets, especially those with texture! Dress children in solid colors (stripes or other geometrical patterns are fine), but avoid busy prints. Families don't all need to dress the same, but it's good to coordinate. For instance, pick a theme: pastels, shades of blue, red-blue (a great combination!), jeans, khakis, etc. I have two suggestions: look for family photos that you like and try to copy their style. Then lay out a bunch of clothes options on a bed and eye what goes well and what stands out too much.
I signed up to do April's A-Z Challenge,
-Travis Browne is now rated #9 at heavyweight, ahead of Brock Lesnar and Fabricio Werdum. Browne remains undefeated, and now it’s time to put him against an elite (top 10) opponent to see what he’s really capable of.
2. Become a follower of Aud Sentiments
I have found that, three months into my final bout with age three, things are going a little smoother this time around. I'm feeling a little more prepared, a tad more confident. I am grateful to know that they come out the other side and continue to grow and mature. That they won't act this way forever, and that I haven't done something to ruin them. I am no longer fearful of this behavior. Annoyed, of course! But, that's all. I've learned to go with the flow, and hold on to the good parts while letting the bad parts roll right off my back (...for the most part).
Children with autism can have repetitive behaviour patterns, deficits in social interaction as well as verbal and nonverbal communication.
Brian Caton (Trade Unionist and Socialist Coalition) 125
I love the color pink. I love hearts and girly things. I love eating by candlelight or next to a fire.
What I'm looking for in clothes, however, changes. When I'm dressing for work, I need something different than when I'm hanging out on the weekend. For work I want polished, rather than comfortable.
It took forever for the cord to stop pulsing. My bum did not want to be in the tub any more and I was so hot. But, it is so much easier to deliver the placenta in the water, and wash away all the ick getting out. When it did stop pulsing the midwife clamped it and Gavin cut the cord. They took sweet baby to dry off while I finished up.
He almost died of shame when I pushed the stockroom door ajar to see what colour the T-shirt was I was holding..
And now she has me blogging in rhyme.
And that reminds me... we have a BRAND NEW POLICY here at DEAD AIR: Whenever rude Tea Party idiots show up here and try to defend the evil, selfish, immoral Rich Criminal Pigs currently attempting to ROB THE PEOPLE? I print a new Tea Party cartoon. Obviously, they need one.
"Uhhh!" And just like that, Pedro whipped off his shirt and showed me the coiled cobra that adorned the full-length of his back. Now, I'm not really into snakes or tattoos but I knew when something needed to be said to acknowledge such a fine piece of work. "Cool beans!" is all I could muster.
Suffering from delusions of grandeur as Hannah (but based on Lena’s real life I guess they really aren’t delusions at all),
BJ's Pizza, Grill & Brewery Backdraft
Or so I thought.
On the third day, the water had receded enough that the occasional silvery fin would flip into the sunlight during the spawning process. I saw six knots of fish on that day, but the weather forecast indicated rain for that evening. I said goodbye to the trout, thanking them for sharing this portion of their path with me. That evening, as I watched the rain skid across my porch, I thought of the trout advancing upstream, progressing in their life cycle, and I rejoiced.
I believe the reason I ran into margin issues is that you can no longer buy gold on margin. A few months ago it was posted that Gold would no longer be available for trading via Forex. I was ticked off, and then the date passed, and Gold was still available on my account. So I didn’t really look into it, figuring that the article was overblown or inaccurate or something. In the meantime price shot up and I waited all this time for it to fall. I finally had gold meet my target price and I bought and it executed, so I didn’t think much about it.
Yuban was a brand launched by Arbuckle Brothers Coffee in the early 20th century. The brothers John and Charles Arbuckle were from Allegheny City, Pennsylvania. They began their coffee roasting business there in the 1850s, moved it to New York in 1871 and then to Brooklyn in 1881.
First pledge of blithesome May,
To put it plainly there is a crime wave in the area.
I love the big family dinner on Christmas Eve at our house.
Feel free to post comments, rants, or even personal attacks. It simply shows your wish for taunting if you do the latter.
“You chose to abandon me and four kids, and I can’t get my
Now that I have you scratching your head with confusion, allow me to explain:
This is a government that came into power on all things Calder Hart….indeed Anand Ramlogan (remember him? the AG?) had staked his reputation as our AG on getting both Calder Hart and Parick Manning locked up for corruption. It stands to reason then that upon coming into office all contracts Trinidad and Tobago had with Calder Hart or any of his companies would have been suspended pending investigations. Especially when you realise that the Govt of Trinidad and Tobago actually losing $$$ on the deal with Sunway Construction.
An envelope of a shape you like.
On Monday, the Ohio Department of Agriculture lifted the quarantine order on the five animals that remain alive, so now it’s up to Thompson what to do with the animals. She has not publicly stated her intentions; however, correspondence between her attorney and the ODA hints she could be planning to bring them back to Zanesville.
If you think that the past examples of horrible movie artwork from other countries have been bad...well, you'd be right. However, there are always more and more examples of such lurid nastiness in art that have yet to be unearthed.
Fully exposed to the addictions around me. No barrier whatsoever.
Went with: Michael on a Tuesday night
The people at the store were extremely helpful. At the store, I wanted to confirm that the 22 would be okay as a carryon, because it looked quite large to me. The person helping us went and got a little informational flyer/catalog for Briggs and Riley so that we could read more about it. With that, we were able to confirm it was good as a carry on.
But, as you’ll know if you follow the news, these are challenging times for young graduates seeking their first job. As a result, in some countries there has been a shift towards vocational degrees at the expense of purely academic degrees.
As a suburb of Detroit, I would think that there are more serious issues facing your community than whether or not a woman grows a vegetable garden in her front yard. With today’s budget issues, I am not sure why you are employing a staff that has nothing better to do. Its a waste of tax payers money, its bureaucracy run amock…you work for your citizens, not the other way around. Not that you guys are alone with that issue. Get rid of these wastes of space and possibly hire more police officers, or for heavens sake possibly stick the money in the bank. Now there is a novel concept for government.
Heven has no idea how closely death stalks her. She has no idea what I have done to keep her alive. I fear the day she learns my secrets, finds out what I really am. But even then I cannot stop, I vow to make things right. Finally her hunter will be hunted, Heaven and Hell, faith and sin will battle, and we will be victorious. But first, Heven must learn to be what she never imagined. I know her strength is there – I feel it. If we are to overcome all odds, she must push past her flaws – her frailties – to become much more.
I am adjusting to being back at work and it really isn't that bad.
“What is today?”
6) Modern communications has evolved from a simple press release to engaged campaigning across multiple channels and markets.
V’s newest obsessions are dancing, watching Umi Zoomi and Dora, clementines, ice packs (for imaginary injuries), and jumping on beds.
They follow the possibly extra-terrestrial footprints through the snow to the diner, only to find it occupied by a single group, traveling by bus.
shop and into Hal's Beamer (with the icky air freshener). Have you ever been in a situation where you had to "ninja" your way out and try not to be discovered? If so, what happened? When I was younger I was always "ninja"-ing my way out of my sisters bedroom with her clothes in hand. For some reason, it's a lot more fun to wear her clothes when she didn't know about it. In my college years, I was always "ninja"-ing myself back into my house. Didn't want my parents to realize when I actually got home. LOL!
Could have persuaded me: now I dare not say
Women's hatred, in fact, the same love, just changed direction.
Facts are facts, and McBride’s insinuation that “context” could somehow transform Murphy’s factual errors into “facts” is absurd. But context does matter in interpreting factual errors. That Murphy’s factual errors weren’t random but almost always tilted against the lacrosse players suggests she wasn’t simply amazingly sloppy (a problem that in and of itself would seem to disqualify someone as a Poynter source or seminar instructor). Instead, Murphy’s fabrications bolstered her preconceived views, suggesting deliberateness to her fabrications.
We say softly for a charm.
Although the London market is buoyant in the sense prices continue to rise and there is funding available for purchases, it remains a concern that NAMA is selling its best assets now which might otherwise have appreciated more in coming years, compared with declines in its own backyard.
Aluminum cans - can be torn apart and used to cut themselves or others
I called my bank.
But I’m also of the belief that it’s not just weight that’s an indicator of weight loss. It’s also just how you look and feel, fit in your clothes etc. And there has definitely been an improvement on that one.
Just one person, with a negative attitude and a grudge to bear at their work place, can effectively cause a work slow down. The ramifications are significant and all because of one worker who ran their mouth constantly about how they hated their job or what an unfair performance review they have received. Keep your eyes out for these trouble-makers and nip it in the bud if you hear or see someone expounding their negativity. If possible, eliminate the person from your work place and do damage control as soon as you are aware of this type of behavior.
P.S. Here is a list of US patents hold by James. As I may have discussed previously, patent is a great tool to learn about things. They are very technical (an instruction set to build the thing for people knowledgeable in the field) but the patents are also required by patent laws (“BEST MODE AND PREFERRED EMBODIMENT OF THE INVENTION””) to give you a pretty good road map. Happy learning.
Motor 6.3 Average
You look so sad.
There are days when the light flowing into the house is just right. It illuminates. An ordinary object takes on marvelous qualities.
From the comfort of your respective dorm room direct visitors to your sales links and find yourself making large commissions. You do need to understand some fundamental principles and study a bit that first, become more serious . that is finished, you're set to your college life. With increasing tuition fees, overall inflation, and an all natural distaste for loans it has get to be the norm university to earn money as a student. This article mentions several possible income streams and another that is especially suited to the scholar lifestyle. Whatever the situation though, there is no such thing as a reason why you'll be able to't generate income as students in college. There are numerous opportunities and all you have to do is pick one and act on it.
It all began for me on Thursday.
As not only a fan of Japanese animation and comics, I also have a profound interest in Japanese history so I certainly love a good series that takes place in a time when samurais roam the streets of an impressive city then called Edo. Of course, this means I have seen my share of anime and read more than enough manga titles that take place in this fascinating period so imagine my complete delight when I heard that NIS America was bringing the anime version of Natsume Ono’s critically-acclaimed manga. Oh yeah, the Premium Edition of the Complete Series of House of Five Leaves is everything a fan of the series could ask for and one that shouldn’t be missed.
There was an immense amount of goings on from last week through the weekend. At some point all will be revealed but for now enjoy this clip from one of last weekend's highlights, the 3rd Annual Fort Greene Fest. Mos Def Headlined a concerted that featured Res, Game Rebellion and hyper local talents Mr. Mecc, and Tai Allen, to name a few. There was also a ridiculously tone-deaf set by a certain local rapper who couldnt take a hint.
As a stray cloud passes overhead,
She went from behind, helping her daughters scramble over the back of the pew to get into the open seats.
So I brought groceries in last night and I thought that I'd put up everything that was perishable or desirable to a certain dog that we all know, but apparently I'd overlooked one item way down in a bag of canned goods that I'd just set back in the pantry instead of shelving them like I should have. I found the remains of that item, an empty cardboard box that once held two sticks of butter, next to Murphy's dog bed when I got home from work. Somehow he'd found the box of butter in that bag (bought to replace the last four sticks of butter that he'd eaten a couple of weeks back) and he ate both of these sticks, too. What is it with this dog and butter?
“It’s culture, some cultures like western ones emphasize sex and almost connect it to love.” Chick
Then ask the students to move around the room to find four other students who have words that should "fit" into their category.
magnificent L'Hotel Des Invalides - buriel place to Napoleon Bonaparte
repeat Chorus.
“You hid the truth. Same thing.”
The Menu
Now, this card isn't terrible by any stretch. The borders are even. I love the stripes...but when I look at it today, I'm thoroughly unimpressed with myself. The overall feel of the card isn't as sophisticated as I'd like and it's not really my style. And if I'm gonna get nitpicky...I really don't like how I stamped the sentiment on the middle stripe. Generally speaking, this card is not one of my faves.
It’s no secret that I’m sick. I have been for about 3 weeks and some change. Whether it’s allergies or something horrifying like walking pneumonia or mono (thank you, WebMD), I don’t know. It doesn’t help that sleeping through the night is a myth to me. You’d think I was a newborn baby or something but it certainly isn’t ME that isn’t capable of sleeping through the night. My sleep thief goes by the name of Linus aka Stinky aka Sir Streaker.
How was Art Deco style used to create a modern “look” in the 1920s and 30s? Explain some of the characteristic design elements of Art Deco.
As documented previously, I had started seeing the Dons in January 2010, taking in the second half of their debut Conference season in which they ultimately fell shy of the play-offs.
Top with 3 cups miniature marshmallows and bake for 3 minutes more.
Rites of the Black Mass (2007 Dying Music Reissue)
I hugged him.
On both sides of the Atlantic, violent interracial crime is only news worthy if the if the race of both of the victim and perpetrator fit the desired narrative. The fact is that the vast majority do not fit that narrative and therefore become non-news stories.
for You can do all things.
They were disappointing. The sponge was uninteresting and there was a huge pile of glurpy icing on top which tasted too much of artificial flavouring. Maybe I’m getting picky, eating so much home-made cake these days. Luckily there were only three of us in that day to eat them so for the next day (and a different set of colleagues) I decided to make some muffins.
Okay, so there was nothing here so far this year. You can see the little greenhouse that I talk about all the time on the left and my “compost” barrel just beyond that (yes, I also like to try my hand at composting).
22 Super Freego - Yekto Le Kreutre
I was spectacularly unprepared for any useful job so naturally I became a journalist.
Duration: 45 mins
I think most people have a love/hate relationship with sneakers, especially when they think of the white athletic type. I want to state from the outset - white athletic sneakers are not shoes, they are sports equipment, and therefore should only be worn when engaging in sport/exercise. However, there are literally thousands of "fashion" sneakers that are a great addition to a casual wardrobe. Paired with casual pants, like jeans or cords, sneakers are a great option, especially for mums that are constantly running after young toddlers! I am not against white sneakers, but I generally prefer either black sneakers, or brightly coloured ones. Mine are from Ecco, but Puma, Adidas and numerous other brands also make some great ones. I also like the old-school tennis shoe type, like the ones by Bensimmon or Superga.
in time of daffodils(who know
STEWART S, MURRAY SB, SKULL SA. Evaluation of healthcare worker vaccination in a tertiary Australian hospital. Int Med J 2002; 32: 585-592.
There are times, however, when the only way to break the seal is to smash the bottle. This is one of those times.
They went on The Marathon Show shortly after the event and basically blamed the whole collapse of the corrals at the start of the half on “new and inexperienced runners” who “got antsy and jumped the gun, just pressing forward”. The reason they ran out of water/cups at later aid stations? The volunteers were cold and abandoned their stations. The medals? Oh, they knew going in that they were short (did I mention they were still registering people at the expo, already knowing they were short on medals?) but did and said nothing. The water? “It was hydrant water, but it’s tested.” They took very little responsibility for anything.
Johnny Mohardt - Detroit Tigers
Mostly...
“Oh. And you both moved into the city?”
Long top with pretty mesh lace sleeves
This started me thinking about the perception of the term “perpetual student” and the many connotations that the term could have. I decided to look up the actual definition just to clarify that my understanding was not wrong. The definition of “perpetual student” states:
challenge in creating this set. He told us this. "Turning the most realistic 3D animation into the simplest vector graphic. Like mentioned at the beginning of the artwork set, everybody loves Pixar, which means you wouldn't want to do anything to let them down. Because it has really broad demographics, in terms of age bracket and cultural background, it was very challenging to come up with something that pleases such a wide audience whilst satisfying myself as an artist and as a fan of Pixar, too."
The re-education process is the responsibility of the “Psychological Operations Officer,” whose job it is to design “PSYOP products that are designed to pacify and acclimate detainees or DCs to accept U.S. I/R facility authority and regulations,” according to the document.
Facing criticism for still holding the remains of about 1,400 Native Americans in its archaeological collection, the University of Michigan will be reviewing its policies on how to properly deal with Indian bones and artifacts.
God is our refuge and strength,
Upcoming singer Izzy Rahman has unveiled the cover for his debut single Away on his Twitter page this evening.
I'm just putting that on record. Hubris?
The first thought of any wannabe photographer is the choice of his phoographic equipment, because the question "which camera should i buy?" it's one of the Existential doubts that never leave you.
Carter finds the god Horus has attached to him, while Sadie meets her inner Isis. Due to their extra strong pharaoh’s bloodline, the kids are literally tiny powerhouses for the Host-hungry Gods. Meanwhile, they are starting to follow an all too familiar pattern (for the Gods that is) as they go on the hunt for a way to stop Set from destroying the world as they know it. I’ll spare you the entire story–in the hopes that you may go out and (-gaspita!-) read it. But I will assume you know that good things must happen, as book two of the Kane Chronicles is already out.
It all started on Wednesday, October 12th. I was feeling under the weather, so I called in sick to work. Now even though I really was sick, *cough cough*, I also felt like I could barely get out of bed emotionally. So I slept until 10:30, then spent the day eating comfort carbs and drinking hot tea. And I caught up on a lot of TV.
The other day I was enjoying my last sweater and pants day, because I'm participating in Dressember! Check out the info here at my friend Blythe's blog, Blythe Hill. Join me! I know it's a cold month to be wearing dresses but that just makes it more of a challenge! I haven't posted up my pictures for the first day, or today, but I think I'll do a weekly recap. It'll be easier for me because it's hard for me to post on a daily basis.
Freemason, Skull&Bones Papal Knight of Eulogia). Blinder was Vice
not going cold turkey and like Coffee drinks you can do
To subscribe, go to http://frburke23.wordpress.com and go to the right hand column. Click on “Sign me up!” and start receiving these emails directly to your inbox.
I'm officially desperate and need help!
In 1852 he took a position as consul to Trieste, Italy (then a part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire).
Well, yesterday evening I ended up rushing our other dog, Lilly, to the animal hospital. She had slipped on the ice (we're having a terrible ice storm here). The vet thinks she might have sprained her shoulder...and she will be on pain killers for 5 days.
I took several snaps from our hotel bedroom but not one of the sea view, a few hundred metres away. This view, however, shows what an Indian building site looks like.
Subject material is a significant issue in Search engine optimisation. Target on a key phrase to hold your subject material small and sweet. There really should not be any grammatical glitches. When you subject material is properly published, you will uncover a whole lot of results undertaking lookup motor optimization.
The article quotes other literature big wigs, people like Mags Walsh from CBI, Joseph Woods from Poetry Ireland and Sarah Bannon from the Arts Council. It also examines the positive work that is being done by the Literature Alliance.
Upon tasting it, I could not help myself from comparing it to cow’s milk Brie. There was more similarity than difference. It was milder and different, but not in a bad way.
Two Coats
“treasure island” series! All plates are handmade and handpainted
--Tracy Boyland (at right)
"Hello dear, it's been such a long day"
Inside the start screen movie clip, a new layer has been added.
Go, just go
My neighbor’s name is Joe. He waters his lawn twice each day. Once at 8:00 am in his dirty blue robe and some form of flower decked boxers. Then, he goes out again at 3:00 pm, but now in tan khaki shorts and a button up shirt. Usually, something designed with the tropics or surfing in mind. He has a wife, Jillian. She has short blonde hair, is usually wearing lipstick, and always has fake nails. When the nails start to come off, she lets them fall off one by one. I had fake nails put on once when my school counselor in high school suggested to my parents that I go to a school dance. My hands were useless while I had them on, so maybe that is why Jillian never seems to do anything. She likes to sit in a white lawn chair and watch people. Sometimes she watches her husband water their lawn, other times she watches Pedro from across the street water his lawn. He always does this shirtless and has an almost constipated look on his face. I think he owns a pool boy company that specializes in helping house wives feel young again. I don’t know what Joe does for a living. Neither he nor his wife seem to go anywhere beyond their front lawn.
The raw edges showed, as is typical with Bruce Nauman. It is a well thought-out aesthetic which is absent from the drawings. With the sculptures the look was at once refined and crude. The pumps showed, the wires were hastily twisted; the black rubber lining the pools flopped about the floor, all of which are more about utilitarianism than about looking good. And this made it look good. These things all ended up being carefully postured elements of the composition.
Additionally, what about due recognition given out to these heroes especially those who reside in Sarawak and Sabah? Remember, those in East Malaysia also played a huge part in the armed forces, a fact strangely unrecognized by the government of the day.
and even my art itself.
Maybe Fred should take his disgust to the clubhouse and blow off some steam to his player's faces. There's always the ol' buffet table stand-by. It may not change anything at this point. But it will give us all some more good stuff to talk about. And what the hell, they deserve it for the money some of these players make. It's about time they face a screaming boss in the face once in a while just like so many fans who pay stupid amounts of dollars do to sit in Citi Field seats. But I said it yesterday; it's too late for that now. Fred should have taken different approaches to his team years ago.
So whilst his apparent rejection of homosexual behaviour seems unambiguous, the context of the comments is much more complex.
Which got me thinking - how about the literary version? What if instead of music you had to choose books to take with you?
"Damn it!" he shouts suddenly. "What does 'damn it' mean?" The closest approximation I can offer in my sketchy Spanish is diablo -- or devil -- although I know the essence is lost in translation. "I never knew what it meant. My father used to say it when we had done something wrong," he explains through our interpreter, Luis, raising the back of his hand in a mock swipe.
Enjoys Outdoors...Lived in a tree for 2 years in protest of logging companies.
The Associated Press reported Saturday that people lingered at the scene of the traffic-stop shooting. About 20 bystanders taunted the police.
BUT--these children of ours, the ones who make us mothers, can sometimes need things. Crazy, right? And often times their needs don't match up with our to-do lists or planned out schedules.
Some have been warning us for years that there are forces within this land which are committed to destroying everything which is great about Great Britain. For a long time they were lonely voices calling to deaf ears, although more recently others, including one time New Labour voters, such as myself, have begun to see the truth in what they are have been telling us, and to appreciate the growing threat which we, as a nation, face.
You bet your ass. Teaching is damned hard. Classroom management is hard. Engaging one or two little brains that would rather be playing video games is hard; engaging 25 to 30 of them is all but impossible. Butting up against district policies that get in the way of that engagement is hard. Sacrificing class time to idiotic curriculum choices is hard. Hurting kids to make a living is hard (see the last paragraph on the first page of that link, which is the resignation letter of John Taylor Gatto, who at that time was NY State Teacher of the Year).
Q-DAY
“Fans of Thomson's previous group, Friends Again, probably won't recognize their idol here; the crystalline jangle of She's Gone Forever is the only track that resembles that work. On Sunpowder, Thomson's voice recalls Tom Waits' drunken rasp. The piano, violins, and acoustic riffs that envelope the release will have devotees of the Tindersticks wondering if the album was labeled incorrectly. The celestial wail of Elizabeth Fraser from the Cocteau Twins sheds some light on Thomson's weighty sorrow, especially on Danger in Love. The country-flavored Send Me Your Halo is an uplifting love song with stirring violins. Sunpowder may be hard to digest at first, but patience reveals its inner beauty”.
I also caramelized the onions in butter, not olive oil. To caramelize, the trick is medium heat and patience. Make sure there is some fat in there to give the veggies that lovely color, and just stir the pan every once in a while.
cut 4 onion into think slices an fry with meat in butter until brown
middle of April!!
We drove back home.
Tom: fresh fresh fresh plums…
The mayor of the village had been kind enough to invite her into his home, and Iona had enjoyed getting to know his daughter, a somewhat flighty little thing. He had sent word to Dublin about her whereabouts and she expected her father would arrive any day to spirit her away into the life she had tried to escape.
I think I’m running out of options so am eating all the carbs in the house because I’m a canny Scot who doesn’t want to see anything go to waste; there’s still some mashed potatoes and white flour left (though that’s actually out of date – but who takes any notice of dates?).
And your prize is that the bank opens a bank account for you every morning with 86400 forints (dollar, euro etc.), and there are 2 rules. 1st one is what you haven't spent in the course of the day, that will be withdrawn from you at the end of the day, cheating is forbidden, you can not put the money on a different bank account, you could only spent, and next morning there will be another bank account on your name with 86400 forints. The 2nd rule is the bank without any prior warning can stop this Game, any time can be said that it is finished, the bank account is closed. The question is what would you do in this case? Would you spend this amount for yourself, or for loved ones, friends, or strangers or? Just wonder about it...
I am also considering joining Weight Watchers online to see if that will help me shed some more pounds. After losing about 5 lbs on the method recommended by the doc I have stalled as I always do.
You see, if you have an underactive thyroid, no matter if you are on medication, your colesterol levels are elevated naturally.
1) I'm 4'11. Shocking, I know - I blog so tall!
11/12/2008 - Vancouver - Vogue Theater
There are many sheep whose inclination is to wander off from the flock and become prey for predators, to be obstinate and un-teachable, to butt and bite the other sheep, to become “cast down” so that they can’t get up without help, or to become sickly from eating the wrong food.
Our coalition government risks worsening the situation through involvement in another US-led military confrontation that could prove costly in so many ways.
This first eyeshadow is 12<U+ADF8><U+B808><U+C774> <U+BE0C><U+B77C><U+C6B4> (grey brown). When I looked at it on Gmarket, I swear I though it was some deep ashy purple colour. But judging from the name, it's a grey brown wth?! hahaha! I would still describe it as a shade of purple -- in it's most murky and grey brown form *lol*, but maybe that's just me trying to convince myself that I'm not colour blind XD
Two bits of good news for all who love to read and write books for children. Firstly, after four years' hard work, The Story Museum has found a permanent home in Oxford. Appropriately enough a "fairy godmother" came forward with a gift of £2.5m, with which they have been able to buy a building in Pembroke Street.
Consolidated Media Reports allow publishers to represent their total brand with additional print and digital products alongside their core circulation. If you’re looking for one or several Consolidated Media Reports, there’s a new option in e-Data to easily access these reports for newspapers, magazines and business publications.
Stay tuned for: My letter to Mark Zuckerberg that MAY OR MAY NOT be doctored to look like it came from the U.S. Government, Mephistopheles Scores an AK-47, Rubber Chicken Puppet Theater (really, WE PROMISE, RIGHT SIRRAH!?!?), and Why I Need a Two Foot Long Rubber Great White Shark.
*Grape coloring pages - http://www.coloring.ws/fruit3.htm - might be fun to cut out circle pictures of family and friends to put on the grapes as a reminder of who we are to be kind too.
Grrrrr…
I will be posting more information about the earthquake and response to that. This is a little report from the MAF Communications Team in Haiti, written yesterday, January 19, 2010.
2. Let them know you chose them.
The Princesses came out one by one, and each one greeted us at our table - taking time to give Avery a hug, and pose for a picture or two.
The event includes being greeted in the hall by your child holding a rose, led into a candle-lit room, seeing the children dressed in their Sunday best and reverently singing and praying, watching them sweetly doing sign language to "Mary Did You Know," being treated to tea and cookies, handmade gifts and the grand finale - a slideshow of the kids' whole year...wow.
You will stand there today with our Queen by your side
Assistant District Attorney, Mecklenburg County , 1971 – 1974
I reckon for most people who do it for a living, the worst thing about it is that the lack of dosh. For a dilettante like me, it’s all fun and games. Even when someone loses an eye.
Mix together cinnamon and sugar. Dip each roll in butter, then roll in the cinnamon & sugar. Put in pans as above and let raise until double. Bake at 400 degrees 10-15 minutes. Pour glaze over cooled rolls.
What can I say?
So, these are our top five reasons. Do you have any others?
In fact, there are more people than ever being diagnosed with this unwanted disease. You will find that you will feel much better once you get help and get the problem under control. If you do not have any medical coverage, there are free clinic that will give you the help that you are looking for with the genital warts. You will get medicine and even some advice to help you control this nuisance.
I just love everything about this layout. I used lots of scraps from Echo park and Bo Bunny
The month of May is an exciting and busy one for sure, but don't forget that it's also Teacher Appreciation time! As a preschool teacher myself, I can honestly say that teachers truly appreciate the little gestures of gratitude from their students and students' parents.
And may the sobbing begin....again.
Pat: Not yet. It’s unclear how much paid online ads or other marketing outreach is likely to do for an e-book that’s self-published and not within a specific genre. I have pretty big doubts whether the return would be there. It’s a tricky having a book that was already published in print, too, in terms of getting reviews.
Couldn’t really do this list without including some form of 9GAG client, and although again, there are many out there, I have found iGag to be the pick of the bunch.
Here are a few pictures from Read to Self after the first month of school.
Old man with wrinkled female breasts, can see
And, as has been said in the news, Belfast do seem to be over-milking their connection to the story and I’m not sure why: They made one notable boat, badly, that didn’t get where to where it was going to, not even once.
For instance, Spanish people are extraordinarily welcoming. If they invite you to pop in for a coffee or drink whenever you want, they mean it. In fact they'll give you a bright smile when you knock at their door early on a Sunday morning and say "Hi, we've come all five of us and the dog for lunch today" and stay on until twelve at night. Even if their fridge is completely empty they will fabricate an edible meal with an egg and a potato (also called tortilla).
I got printed today.
Through what somber fields
“No mom! I’m not complaining again, just look. That girl doesn’t even have a filter on, isn’t that weird?” she called back with head turned from the window this time. She only turned back to the window when she heard her mother’s chair slide back away from her desk.
ME: Well, they probably all left because you pissed them off.
But nowhere to be seen is Bo.
- I have to admit that I didn't keep many notes when I was making this bread, but you can see step by step photos of how this bread is made on this post by BBA Challenge founder Nicole. Members of the Challenge are asked to not post the recipe.
“Just kill me!”
I’ve seen several reviews suggesting that this movie is more seduced by Hollywood than What Price Hollywood? and some other behind-the-scenes films. However, I’m not sure this is fair. There isn’t all that much dwelling on glamour – except for a scene where Vicki is caked with unappealing make-up, including a Joan Crawford mouth. And there are plenty of scenes where the spiteful, backbiting nature of the star machine comes across, for instance in the catty remarks various people make about Norman as soon as he is out of earshot, gloating over his woes – especially the press agent, Matt Libby (Lionel Stander). Someone (Libby?) even makes a cruel joke when Norman has drowned himself, commenting “It’s the first drink of water he’s had in years”. Must admit I find the drowning scene itself hard to take – it somehow seems too smooth and easy, compared to the messiness and horror of Lowell Sherman’s death in What Price Hollywood? – but this sardonic reaction gives back some sharpness, as does the funeral scene, where fans pursue a weeping Vicki demanding autographs.
I would like to think that the reporter was having a bad day, but if I were the editor (and the reporter's immediate "boss") of this paper, I would be watching my back. If I were the fat cat owner sitting back, smoking my big fat "ceegahrs," and plotting how to shut down a small local paper, I might chuckle and give myself a pat on the back for hiring these guys in the first place.
The story of a SEAL whistle-blowing about war crimes and Project Looking Glass was scripted, possibly by Kerry because of its film-narrative structure: the wild card loose cannon former solider on the run, the pretty love story, danger and international intrigue, assassins and double agents…
Prof. Pilsner.
Although the max 60KW (~80hp) output can be reduced from the steering wheel, its normal for the driver to use the full 80hp boost each time they engage the KERS boost. With a reliable KERS, the driver will use the full 6s boost on every lap. Media reports suggest Red Bulls iteration of the Renault KERS does not use this full 60kw. Instead something like 44kw, providing less of a boost, but allowing smaller batteries to be used. The loss in boost being offset by the overall benefit in car packaging.
For the 18 miler, I’ll run from the flat, to Glasgow Green, up through George Sq, St Vincent Street, Buchanan Street, Sauchihall Street, Woodlands, Park Gardens, Great Western Road, Byres Road, back down to the Clyde, then over the river, over the M8, down Nithsdale Road, along Allison Street to Aitkenhead Road, up horrible Prospecthill Road (14 miles in – ouch), left at Cathcart Road, Battlefield, Shawlands/ Minard Road, Titwood Road, Dumbreck Road, Moss Park Blvd, Bellahouston. (If I remember the route that is!)
2- 1x6 boards (for the support between the cubbies.)
Tebow. People either love him or hate him.
EGG OVER NOODLES
Overall, this is a classic shonen anime that one should not miss. I still watch this anime to this day and with the Gurren and the Ninjas anime/mangas out there – you can’t tell that this came out a decade ago and the story is still relevant in this day and age.
I wish I’d had the opportunity to witness something different that fall: a promise kept, courage rewarded, the birth of real, lasting freedom and opportunity. I especially wish that for the Russian friends I made, with whom I spent so many cold winter nights in warm kitchens.
There is an excellent library GPars (Groovy Parallel System) http://gpars.codehaus.org/ that has a few asynchronous processing models that can be used (Fork/Join abstraction, Dataflow concurrency, Actors etc…). With the exception of some groovy scripts, I have used it in every single Groovy project – I cannot recommend it enough!
HAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Oh, you're dashing the hopes of so many of my foes. bad, BAD boy.
I ran into it again today, only instead of one it was a nest of young women. Oh, sure, they might have been nice, or even competitive for attention. I messed up, doing something that wasn't alpha type. And the reaction was quick. Still, I don't care. They aren't... intended... for my part. Besides that is very easy to fix. Shut up. Yeah, that's as easy as the fix can be, though I would suggest having a number of quicker and longer adjustments. We screw up a lot, remember... 30 to 40 percent success, in and out of relationships. It was three on one and I wasn't expecting it. That's all I am saying there. Oh, my friend thinks I am just seeing more than what is there. And I will, and have, conced(ed), that could be true. Just... there is a certain tone they get, a certain way they smile a little too long, a little too much eye contact, and more stuff with the eyes and lashes... I am not a woman so I don't know the whole gig. All of those things are sent at the speed of light, then gone. Any one to four of those means nothing. A half dozen or more means something. A dozen is like leaving the red light on. They were young, inexperienced, but... don't underestimate even a younger woman. A man can BE their career. Hellsyeah. I think I can spot a woman in season, or potentially in play, as good as any. The thing is... I'm trying not to lead in too much as alpha-stereotype. That is what I am avoiding. And these... far too young, not quite right, as wives, I can see this. Playing? Liking, but they don't even know quite what they like yet. Reacting. Something. But it's darned fun to play. Or maybe I am being to cautious? Dunno, yet.
oh there have been rumours of visitations but nothing like these places of pilgrimage.
When I was a senior in high school, I’d translated an interview with Nin from the French Vogue for a class. It was a fascinating piece and it noted the titles of two books of short stories that had been recently published. I asked for them for Christmas, really having no idea what they were. My mother had a look at them in the local bookshop and demurred. When I discovered them for myself my freshman year in college, I was relieved that she hadn’t bought them for me. Not that it was an act of censorship (my parents were never like that) but it would have been a weird gift to get from your mom.
Jared: Yeah. I want to know about him but she won't tell me. My Grandma and Grandpa do though.
6)Reciting the first page of surah Al-Ghafir
Since I have started using it regularly (just last month) I found that I had plenty of energy in the day, it kept me full for a long time, and my sugar cravings went down. That's a really big deal for me because a sweet tooth is something that I struggle with while trying to eat healthy. And I just love knowing that I'm putting something SO nutritious into my body, yet I don't even have to think about it. So, if you've been wondering what this Shakeology stuff is that I've been posting about, then give it a try this month. There will be money going to a good cause for it, and your body will love it, too. And if for some reason you don't, Beachbody does have a 30-day "bottom of the bag" guarantee in which you can get your money back if for some reason you don't love the way it makes you feel. But you're gonna love it.
Such a monstrous feat (remember one of us is only 5), seemed deserving of a monstrous treat.
ELDER AG. Influenza in working populations: an overview. Occup Med 2002; 52: 239-240.
I hope this has been helpful.....
Andy, of walkforcleanwater, is working to raise money for wells, in parts of the world where people don't have the luxury we take for granted of clean water.
Both stories address relationships, but Harry Potter deals with the companionable and maternal depth of love. Twilight addresses the thrill of infatuation, the dark internal longing of romance, and the seductive powers of youth and beauty, concepts that typically appeal to females.
Thank you Pennsylvania, Delaware, Rhode Island, Connecticut and New York! And tonight I can say thank you, America. After 43 primaries and caucuses, many long days and more than a few long nights, I can say with confidence – and gratitude – that you have given me a great honor and solemn responsibility. And, together, we will win on November 6th!
Dr Lager stands puzzled in front of his open wardrobe;
Oh wait... it worked that time. I'm a genious!
We have been finishing up track season around here and I just wanted to take a sec to brag on the kiddos a bit, so bear with me... then I promise to show some craftiness! :)
1 minute – Kick-off. AND IT’S GO, GO, GO! (Murray Walker joke there! Shame he’s dead.)
Central Oklahoma used to be awash in a north / south strip of post oaks and blackjack oaks called cross timbers, which are short, thick-trunked, wind-stripped trees that were virtually impassable for wagons. Below is a small remnant in the WMWR.
Plus you get to live in a foreign country where the drinking age is 18.
Secondly, your fate has been predetermined by God for so we see in John 3:18. “He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already. Because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.”
Jesus said to them, “If you were Abraham’s children, you would be doing the works of Abraham. But now you are trying to kill me, a man who has told you the truth that I heard from God; Abraham did not do this. You are doing the works of your father!”
Easy Whole Roast Chicken
sickle-clouds
"Her sister?"
Good luck to this year's entrants. Now get brewing!
For a dozen mushrooms you will need about 3/4 cup dry stuffing and 1/4 cup cheese. Mix hot water and oil into the mix until just moist. Stuff the mushrooms to overflowing with the mix. Cover and bake (350) for 35 min, then uncover and bake for another 10 min. Mushrooms should be soft and stuffing brown on top.
his legs be of azure
( cause I'm just like that )
As Finn's hike takes her further into the woods, she happens along some scat and tracks from a variety of woodland creatures.
a hint of paint (someone somewhere must be decorating)
Now we can start with the hard part, folds the little bow. It’s a little bit trial and error but in the end it’s not so hard as it looks like. To ensure the bow from loosening we have to sew the bow with pink sewing thread.
Following on from yesterdays post, the builder finished off the built-in robe in our 2nd bedroom yesterday, now all we need to do is paint the timber trim at the top, and have them back to re-align the 2 middle doors. He said because they are so large, they will drop once hung, which they have, at the bottom there is about a 6-8mm gap, at the top they are flush, so he'll hopefully be out today/Monday to get the weight/hang spot-on.
Ms. Hepinstall's novel is wrought full of colorful characters and complex circumstances that build to tell an explosive story. This novel is a real page turner with unexpected twists around every corner and a surprising but satisfying ending. This would be an excellent choice for your book club , especially for all you history buffs. This novel would invoke lively conversation and thoughtful speculation about what defines "crazy". The author's website has a few suggestions and I know some of you book club gals could have fun with this.
Chronograph Urethane strap Aluminum case and bezel Approximately 45mm including the crown Date function 5ATM water resistant Red dial and band
As well, I didn't mention in the original announcement, the Christmas in August class will feature some of the new Holiday mini items, so you will get some sneak peeks made with the items from this exciting new Mini Catalog.
Opening hours: Mon - Fri (7am - 4.30pm); Sat & Sun (8am - 4pm)
Flowers A-Z: O Is for Orchid. I love orchids so much. They’re the only plant that I seem able to keep alive for an extended period of time. I’m inspired to buy another one from the Charlottesville farmers’ market to put in our bathroom. (Design Sponge)
The 7-year-old boy has an Oscar-winning aunt. He also has an uncle and grandma who were shot dead, most likely by the same killer. But despite three deaths, a famous relative, and a current trial, this story does not rise to the level of the Patz case, at least in The Post. Why not? I believe there are three reasons.
let alone dealing with bullying.
The public may well vilify these characters, but the ‘spend, spend, spend’ mentality that typifies their actions pervades Chinese society from top to bottom. A recent interview in the China Daily with pensioner Yu Ping commenting on how inflation has changed her life drives this ethos home. By no means a decadent big-spender, Ping talks about how the increase in prices and loss of interest rates has completely changed her attitude to money: “I used to love saving up, but money has become a lot less valuable in the bank,” she says. “So I figure I should spend it where it is needed and enjoy life.” Putting it bluntly, if even the lowliest of peasants wants to start dishing out the cash, then everybody else – all the way up the ladder from desperately poor to obscenely rich – will be wanting to do exactly the same.
J got an A on her English essay. The assignment was to write your own creation myth. I remember when she told me about this assignment. She worried about it having to be 3 pages. I thought she felt it was too much, but her next sentence was, "I don't think I could write less than 4 or 5." Again, this is coming from a kid who did her own thing as an unschooler for 6 years. That kind of freedom allowed her to build up a level of maturity and independence where now that she's in high school, she so enjoys putting 110% to everything. It's pretty cool to watch.
My old tower won't go to waste however. I'm going to rebuild it. For the first time I'm going to pull apart my own computer and upgrade it myself. I don't expect it to be a pain free experience, but it will most definitely be an enlightening one. There won't be any pressure to rush finishing either. I predict my second-hand new unit has about another 6 years use ahead of it.
And I thank you, ever so much, for reading my words, for being concerned, for being yourselves, and for being alive. If you’re reading this, you need to know that, even if I don’t know you personally, I still think that you’re so special and so vital to this world. I want you to keep on being who you are, keep on striving for what you want, and never forget just how important your story is. If you’ll try to do that, I promise I’ll try to do that, too :)
You're allowed some creative licence. For example, Shimmy Shimmy Ya doesn't have 'like' in the title but sings 'ooh baby I like it raw'...
I lean on the rose of Mary
A comparison was made between the USA and Turkey in the percentage usage of smart phones. In last years it was 40% in USA and 10% in Turkey, making Turkey not a profitable market in scope of mobile applications. But last data about Turkey was saying that this number rose to 25% and has huge potential to rise to 50% in near future. This is a trend. It means that this is a chance to concentrate on mobile applications.
“My room.”
The report says officers were racially stereotyping African-Caribbean people as criminals, and thus disproportionately subjecting them to stop and search. It says officers were exercising the power without having the legal requirement of having reasonable suspicion that the person stopped was involved in crime: “Many police officers make the illegitimate step in their minds from ‘black people are disproportionately involved in crime’ to ‘the black person I am about to stop and search is likely to be a criminal’ without consideration of the other factors necessary to establish sufficient ‘reasonable grounds’.
Glenn Frey The heat is on US
The wisdom of the ages,
Privateer Press’ lovely heavy ‘jack kits are screaming for magnets. In Warmachine it’s not a matter of switching a bolter for a plasma gun. You can get away with that. Magnetizing these kits gives you four completely different playing pieces, and it’s well worth the effort.
Publication Year: March 15, 2012
Because Big Brother loves you and wants you to know
This is a serious warning crisis of an imminent collapse of the economy with no evidence that the government is doing anything to salvage the situation.
I pick Summer up at the foot of her lawn the next morning, and she goes easy on me for today.
that nobody else wants to talk about.
For 2012 we will have a raft of rules changes that will alter the look and performance of the car. For most of the new cars, we will immediately see the impact of the lower nose regulations. Then the big story of 2010-2011 of exhaust blown diffusers (EBDs) comes to an end with stringent exhaust placement rules and a further restriction on blown engine mappings.
When yelling didn't work, I called Alex on his cell. I said, "Come get me. I can't get out of the bedroom" and he said, "My God, you're a disaster." We eventually shimmied the door open; the secret is to push on the upper right side as you pull on the handle. Of course, you need the wing span of a pterodactyl to do this alone, so I'm just going to go with "let's never close that damn door again."
If you watched the programme, you will have seen Dr Mosley undertake a ‘blood fat’ test. He had his blood taken before and after a full breakfast and the fat in the blood was measured. What I found interesting was you could see the fat sitting ‘on top’ of the blood; this fat, if not controlled, is on route (via your blood) to your vital organs…
Rubber Stamp : Country Estate Frame by Webster's Pages and Unity Stamp
A blue and prickly flower keen
I always think that I won't take very many pictures this time around. And then I end up just click, click, clicking, and somehow I took 140 pictures!
I thought I had inadvertently wet myself so ran to the toilet. Well the trickle didn’t stop and I suddenly realized that this was it. My waters had broken. 3 weeks before my scheduled C section and 5 weeks before my due date. I sat there dazed. What do I do now? I called Hubby.
I used the Flower Frenzy set to make this card. I love all of the flowers in the set and I had fun making them in different colors and layering and crinkling them up to add dimension.
For producers to increase the number of middle-market clients with their smaller cases, they’ll need more efficiency. Companies can step in to help, said Hughes of GAMA.
In theory. I will reserve my right to celebrate after I see the re-written IEP. But, in the meantime, I am Cabbage Patching all over this damn house!
long week....lots of things happening. we went to biloxi, mississippi, came home and then had a surprise visit from some of our kids....mr savannah left on wednesday, so there were lots of last minute things to do. it has been hectic.
My wife and I are planning to relocate to New Mexico when we retire. We often wonder if we would miss the trees and the clear blue lakes and streams. Should we be safe and live by a lake in the mountains, or is there something else?
who decided this
He's "extremely fond" of me.
Oh yes the OP loves to go all-in, probleby therefore he plays poker, to get the adrenaline when all his money is in the pot.
Now I could go on and on about this meal but if you live in the Atlanta area, let me tell you how you could be a lucky guest.
I get super anxious reading the headlines...so much crap going on everywhere. BUT THERE IS STILL SO MUCH GOOD everywhere as well...
Yes, it is truly a collection of Zelda goodies worth perusing. Malo Mart employees would be jealous of this online store. Prices are pretty sweet, too. Below are a couple of my faves.
After asking him to call 911, Tim said that the incident had already occurred an hour ago and that they were on their way to the hospital just to be sure everything really is ok. From what Tim could see, there were just scratches and bruises but no broken bones or obvious signs of an injury to the head, neck, or spine. I immediately tried to recall the procedures that were drilled into our heads. Airway, Breathing, Circulation. Treat for shock. Check…Check…Check…and Check. I began to ask the SAMPLE questions. Signs and symptoms. Allergies. Medications. Past medical history. Last meal. Events leading up to emergency. These were the basic questions that the paramedics, nurses, and doctors would want to know at minimum, if the patient became unconscious before the arrival of paramedics. I reminded Tim to monitor Joe for any signs of shock while I did what I could to take vital signs, over the phone, without a thermometer, BP cuff, or any other medical equipment except Tim’s two hands (which I don’t think counts as “medical equipment”)… Joe was conscious and alert and there was no evidence of any more confusion. I then advised them to perform a head-to-toe assessment looking for signs of internal bleeding or other injuries.
Dried fruits, I hate raisins but cranberries and walnuts, oh yum
Please enter from May 11-17th.
1 crushed garlic clove, optional
Bake at 350F for 30-45 minutes on large baking sheets until golden brown. Stir occasionally.
Today, some conservative parents kept their kids out of school to prevent them from hearing the President of the United States tell American students that it was important for them to stay in school.
Tightly tied in with the reason a zombie plague wouldn’t go very far is because of what it does to zombie victims. From what we can ascertain from the source material, it is evident that the zombie plague does massive neurological and psychological damage to the victim. In some cases it is explained as a kind of ‘rage virus’, in others it messes around with brain chemistry to the point where the victim is in a rabid-like state or some other form of irrational fugue.
New Jersey has a long way to go. This week the Tax Foundation again rated it dead last among the 50 states for its overall business tax climate. As for individual income taxes, Mr. Christie notes that since 2003 the top marginal rate has risen to 8.9% from 6.25%. If Mr. Christie succeeds in knocking that top rate down to a flat 8%, Jersey will still be above Connecticut's 6.7%. But since Connecticut now edges New Jersey for the country's highest property taxes, according to the Tax Foundation, the Garden State is at least in the ball game.
"Atlantic City" tells of a young man's domination over a pool table in a makeshift video arcade and its teenaged, especially female, clientele. "To the Hills" maps a contest between two women for the favors of their fellow hillwalker during a weekend in the countryside. The strikingly odd, haunting dislocation of "See the Tree, How Big It's Grown" deserves mention; I've read this three times and I still marvel at its mysterious protagonist, who must in small town Clonmel start up, all over, running a chip shop after he arrives one day on a sort of a fixed mission he and we cannot fully comprehend.
an improved U.S.- Cuban relationship.
and We’re not trembling
$ 26,760.00
I am happy to announce that free ad swaps are available on Anything Imaginable!
So now I'm trying to figure out what to wear. And the above is the stuffed sausage option. Ignore the shoes because they have definitely got to go. And the bare legs are also a no go. But unfortunately the shirt's no good as well.
Yes kez sirumen - Armenian - I Love You
For more inspiration and to see all the Top Three cards and TEAM S.A.S. cards in one place, go to our Pinterest Board here.
I cleaned out a drawer in the craft room yesterday and found a large envelope/folder I picked up at CHA two years ago at the Anna Griffin booth. The folder was made from the most luscious heavy, textured, vanilla card stock with a beautiful die cut label on the front. Wellll, the wheels started turning ...I cut it all apart and created two wedding cards for my stash. The first card features the die cut...I covered Anna Griffin's name with an oval die cut with a sentiment from Layer's of Color and embossed it with gold ep. The scalloped layer under the label was inside the folder as a business card. The silk ribbon finished it off.
I give Wuthering Heights I liked this book. I'm glad I got a chance to read another classic. Not too many books that give you love,hate,torture,death, and ghosts all in one. This story I was reading on my nook (nookbook) I wish that others get to enjoy this classic as much as I did. I gave 4 stars just because for me it was a bit hard to follow.
on lips that kissed
Chin up eyes front and centre and just keep swimming
Linda stirs beside me in the bed and takes a peek at the clock. I snuggle up behind her and put my arms around her.
Every Monday, you journey to work. Unless you freelance full-time, you leave your writing behind. In my case, I go off to work and—write. But, it’s very different writing from my freelance writing.
Today I did a double take after I dropped her off at school this morning for before school choir practice and saw this on the noticeboard. I just had to take a photo!!
Made of soft and shimmery silk, SOPHIA Silk Gown is an off the shoulder, figure flattering, floor length confection that will make you stand out in a crowd.
Mr. Dahl: "Ok, but you have to heat it up first."
The biggest problem is that there just isn't enough SLOB in this Slob Comedy. There should be MORE slobbiness in this. MORE stupid boneheads backing into stupid situations and making it out of them by being just as stupid as the situation. MORE raunchiness. MORE dumb jokes. MORE Bluto Butarsky-ness.
Three layers later, the colour is a much richer, more sparkly burgundy, but I'm still not seeing that golden shimmer I expected.
The whole weekend wasn’t a total waste mind you but it certainly wasn’t as productive or as fun as most others though. My bad. Oh well, I still managed to get MOST of the housework done, talked with a few friends over the phone, watched a few t.v. movies, hung out with my son for a bit (he worked most of the weekend and was out and about with friends for most of the other half), did groceries, responded to emails from clients, started working on my Reverse Bucket List blog (what’s that? read HERE) and completed my month end report.
As the resourceful entrepreneur I am, I have of course turned this whole leap day thing into a successful business. I’ve spent the entire day proposing to men, and subsequently being rejected. In about 32 years I’ll have enough fabric to make a circus tent, and then I can
We had a wonderful two and a half years together when Steve was in language training. It was hard to share him with the military but we made it work. We really learned to work together as a team. Being away from the familiar was good for us. We had to rely on each other.
One of my favorite things... spending time with my family.
Yet still the young and impressionable fall for it. Young girls are not genetically more stupid and easily led than young boys, but it is they who tend to end up as women living in poverty as single mothers raising a disproportionately high number of mixed race children, if they have not suffered an even worse fate.
Texas parents in outrage over teacher being fired for her sexuality. As conservative as Texas has known to be don’t confuse conservative with being close minded. Texas has been known to have many conservatives rallying to support gays over certain things. One of them is recently due to the firing of a teacher that they believe was fired for being gay. The school claims it was over performance issues, but after her replacement turned out to be much worse the parents and students got together in protest.
My identity
Then into Luka's life came sadness, because Captain Aag took his revenge, and the storyteller, Rashid Khalifa fell ill and was like to die. One early morning, Luka saw his father in the yard, but wait! It was not his father, but his father's death, come to claim him. But, as in all good fairy tales, Luka made a deal with death, also called Nobodaddy, and Luka, Nobodaddy, the dog called Bear and the bear called Dog go on a quest to steal the Fire of Life in the World of Magic.
Can you spot him in the corner and see how happy he is? This little elephant squeaks, and George brought it on our walk this evening, squeaking the whole way. He kept dropping it on the trail in front of me as I walked so that I could throw it to him. All in all, a most pleasant way to come home.
Shortly before he was murdered a year later - hacked to death so brutally that he was unrecognisable -- ailing Ventersdorp farmer Eugene Terre’Blanche, leader of the Afrikaner Resistance Movement (AWB), also often referred to the extreme cruelty of the Lotter women’s torture-murders in media interviews. Terre’Blanche had led the peaceful protest actions at the Odendaalsrust law courts when the suspects had made their first remand appearances and applied for bail in April 2009. The Boer protestors carried out a graphic re-enactment of the way in which the Lotter women had been put to death and also demanded the return of the death sentence for such cruel race-hate crimes.. Their reenactment was so graphic that it had shocked many onlookers and caused outrage in the Afrikaans-language news media.
Remember your focus is on heaven, not on earth. “Do not lay up for yourselves treasures on earth, but lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven” (Matt 6: 19-20). With this focus it does not matter what my boss, neighbour or any human being says to me. No-one can take away my treasure in heaven.
As per longer working hours…..you going to the union with that Tim? Because trust me, the minute you talking longer working hours, then you are talking a renegotiation of people’s terms of employment and that’s something you, the TSC and the union have to discuss….asking for people’s feedback at a meeting is you being a bacchanalist and raising a red herring…..what happen, you find we too focused on Vidwattie Newton the Travelling Assistant Nurse?
Shall I fall to death's feather.
The number of students in Minnesota who speak little or no English has more than tripled in the past 10 years to about 29,000, with most attending schools in St. Paul and Minneapolis. That’s about 5 percent of total student enrollment, according to the state Department of Children, Families and Learning.
Purple hair was just an awesome bonus and being nimble, sexy, and assertive are three things out of a million that put psylocke firmly into the #2 spot...
sure, if you want immense blogging guilt every time you realize you've forgotten a week. ;)
*Complimentary Beginning and Intermediate Lindy Lesson 7:30-8:15
Our wrath come after Russia’s wrath and our wrath be the worst.
"I have today advised the police that nine men should be charged with conspiracy to cause explosions and with engaging in conduct in preparation for acts of terrorism with the intention of either committing acts of terrorism, or assisting another to commit such acts," Sue Hemming, head of the Crown Prosecution Service Counter Terrorism Division, said in the statement.
During a recent press release, the Jacques Nicolet-led squad announced the formation of a new partnership with tyre supplier Dunlop and with it, unveiled plans to enter the LMP1 category. This agreement will see the OAK team, formerly the pseudo-development squad for Mazda Racing France, take on tyre development duties for the famous British supplier. As of 2011 OAK Racing will enter the premiere category of ACO prototype competition, while acting as the official LMP1 Dunlop tyre development squad.
Even though people turn their backs to you
Had Paul been allowed to go on speaking to that great crowd of Jews they, no doubt, would have been the more offended. He was already provoking them to jealousy. Now he was claiming that he was right for the Lord had given him a personal command to separate himself from the Jews and go to the Gentiles.
When it comes to books on beer and pubs it is fair to say I have sometimes been a little less than kind. I mean what is the point? A guide book to pubs and/or beer? Wondering what a beer is like? Buy one and drink it. You don’t need a book. Decide for yourself whether it is any good or not by way of your own personal opinion after you’ve had a swig. Same goes with pub guides. Good god, what is the point? See a pub and unsure whether you like it or not? Walk in, if you like it stay, if you don’t walk out. Job’s a good ‘un. Who on gods earth needs a guide? Doesn’t seem to stop people knocking them out though.
No batteries are needed (a huge plus for me). The speakers charge through my laptop, and --coolest of all-- they charge and connect through built-in, retractable charge/audio cables. Man, that's cool! Eliminates most of the packing needed to get stereo sound. There's one cable included to connect the speakers to each other, that's it, and I wouldn't even need to use it if I wasn't charging. They're that clever.
I enjoy each and every post she submits.
Here is an example of what your command prompt window will look like in most Windows Operating Systems. The Operating System that I am using is Windows 7 just for your information. As you see in the example, Type ipconfig to view all of your IP information. From this menu you will be able to see your IPv4 address, IPv6 address, Subnet Mask, and Gateway. This information is useful in trying to troubleshoot network problems. Let’s see another screen shot with my IP information.
We tried seven stores & I spent a total of $4.25. I found one store, however, with a huge selection of vintage children's books that were on sale for 25 cents apiece. I cannot resist old children's books, they get me in the gotcha.
So- where did we end up? Mister Hubbs and I are about half-way complete with this space... there are still a lot of things that I would like to do- but this is definitely a step in the right direction!
One thing I like about spec-fic is the immersion in a new and alien world (I describe this affection in more detail here). When you first start reading, you don’t understand the world, its rules, its history, its culture–nothing. You need to learn this as you go. Furthermore, the more intricate the plot and the more convoluted the intrigue, the more work the reader needs to do to figure out what’s going on, what the stakes are, and where the tension lies. The way writers need to help the readers along is with the use of exposition. The funny thing is, though, is that exposition is atrociously boring to read. No matter how necessary it is (and in a fantasy novel, it is very necessary), reading giant walls of text wherein the meaning of this or that thing is revealed is, well, dull. If you’re anything like me, you start hearing the voice of the teacher in all the Charlie Brown specials (“wah wah, wawah, woh WA wa wah”). Anybody who’s read The Fellowship of the Ring probably knows exactly what I’m talking about–those two chapters in the middle (“Many Meetings” and “The Council of Elrond”) are DREADFUL reading. I think I’ve read that book four or five times now, and I still nod off during those things.
I’m ready to tear my hair out with software craziness today so had to have some fun here.
“In the film The Matrix, Keanu Reeves plays a character who moves in and out of the real world. He might have thought he was having a similar experience while defending a recent legal action in Canada. Reeves was sued by Karen Sala, a woman he said he had never met but who claimed that he had disguised himself as her husband and, over 25 years, fathered her four children.”
I contemplated one of its many lines.
Day 4: I receive a tidy rejection email. It doesn’t hurt as much as I thought it would, just a little sting like a shot in the arm. The quick turn-around time is more surprising. Was it so bad they didn’t need to spend much time on it or it was so good they wanted to get back to me right away out of respect? I pretend not knowing the answer to this question.
Congratulations!!
What could I, those blank nights (besides nothing) picture?
By Kevin C
Frustrated citizens may comment a little out of line, and immediately, the Swedish media will pounce on us, as being a racist/xenophobic/islamophobic ”hate” blog.
As the end of the year arrives, and you are reading the lists of “the best”, “top 10”, “the most fascinating”, keep in mind what they mean for you and your business and how you can use them to generate revenue. Trying what others have done isn’t bad business… it is ok NOT to re-invent the wheel.
½ pound fresh mushrooms, sliced
All the kids found a friend to hang with, to finish off break.
Am I weird?
Where is our Ministry of Immigration, where is our Ministry of Foreign Affairs, our Ministry of Industry and our Ministry of Finance? I will tell you: prancing like fools and idiots to the tunes of American and British bankers. Selling their souls and robbing the till and not doing a damn thing to help the country. Looking the other way while those who have no roots to us or interest in us or worse who want to destroy us are flooded in.
8. Loving You is All I know That's Real
Diagnosis of amblyopia is often made during visual screening during routine infant check-ups and in the preschool years (aged three to five).
Life has taught me a couple things:
She sat up and stretched and he took another and furtively put his phone away. She
I will never feel safe here. I cannot share myself with these people because they will not understand or accept me. They will never be able to support and encourage me to live fully into my gifts and calling because their worldview does not allow it.
We would have never guessed there would be such a response!
14. I still have a $200 post-dated check that my mechanic will cash on the first and a $100 check that The Good Ex will cash tomorrow coming out of tomorrow’s paycheck, but…
An ambien and several hours later, we get: “Why do people say that? ‘Long Time No See.’ It sounds like a Tonto impersonation,” to which Asheville City Councilman Gordon Smith replies: “As deer make many pellets, many jokes you make.” Smith goes on to invite Muller on an outing, to which Muller declines citing the likelihood that there will be “a bunch of lesbians there.”
I am not sure I remember the answers to any of those questions, but one thing I did come up with is writing. I used to write. I had a paper journal for years, and then an internet journal before they were called "blogs." I took writing classes and workshops and had teachers who encouraged me and told me to keep writing, that I was good at it and had things to say.
cooler of organs
my bf and i are splitting up again. I decided to give him another chance but a few days after I got home I found a notebook of reasons why he should get custody of ranibow.
Oh, there were Gentiles who also withstood him, as we already mentioned in Ephesus. But these were religious Gentiles, worshippers of Diana. The cause of the tumult was the fear that the craft of the silversmiths would be ruined and those who were making money out of religion would be out of a job and money.
Also Like us on Facebook or Follow us on Twitter at @997NOW to find out where we are going to be striking next!!!
39. In 2001, the five most valuable brand names in order were Coca-Cola, Microsoft, IBM, GE, and Nokia.
Just after my first birthday, I was out in the garden when a good friend from the end of our street came to visit. He was chatting with one of my bipeds and he said that he’d like to see what I’d been learning at my training classes. I liked the sound of this – demonstrating my skills usually brought treats my way.
More silence, until I said "Is Smith ok?" Please. Let Smith be ok. Please let it be "only an arm."
They have a wide variety of dishes served with huge quantity. The price is a bit pricey but if you’re in a group it’s definitely affordable.
Recently, I received Mexican chocolate and a bottle of vanilla from Mexico from two co-worker's recent trips. When I saw the recipe for Mexican Chocolate Brownies in Bruce Weinstein's The Ultimate Brownie Book, page 82, I wanted to use my new ingredients. I came close. I couldn't find where I put the Mexican chocolate from Jessica, so I used my stash of Ibarra chocolate.
Workplace Gallery is pleased to present our first solo exhibition by Matt Stokes.
“Whoever conceals knowledge would be muzzled on the Day of Resurrection with a muzzle of fire.”
lives can be changed
It doesn’t get any bigger or better than this.
As I was intermittently paying attention to this year's Academy Awards (Billy, the Borscht Belt called - they want their jokes back), I did happen to catch the segment of the show they do each year honoring people in the business, mostly actors, who've passed away.
Today I encourage you to tap into the wisdom that God has downloaded in your heart, so that you will effectively accomplish that which He has set before you to do.
Demographics- What is their age, gender, socio-economic status, education background?
1 distance
So I'll see you soon with an actual outfit post!
This photo was taken last Christmas at my parents home in Brisbane. The kids woke and all piled into bed with us for a cuddle before sneaking a peak at all the offerings under the tree! I love this photo, only I wish I didn't have to get out of bed to take it! Maybe this year, I'll think to use the self-timer.... :)
So tonight a bunch of us from work went out for dinner at Ra Sushi. I generally like this place, even though our service tonight was absolutely awful. Is it really that much of a burden to split up a check even after you assure us at the beginning of the night that we can get separate bills? And then take 20 minutes to get our money? Do you just want a $3 tip from everyone?
I cannot thank you (and you know who you are) for all the kind words, encouraging hugs... my heart is filled to the brim for each of you... especially knowing that this is not goodbye, it's the next phase!
I had my 26th high school reunion last weekend. What a riot that was! We had a pretty good turnout--107 people out of a class of about 200, and only a few of them were spouses! It was great to see people I haven't seen since we graduated, and some since our 10-year reunion. It was also quite interesting to find out that a BUNCH of people are local and I NEVER see them around town! What's up with that? I suppose it's because the only place you would actually SEE anyone in my small town is if you happen to catch them at the town hub: Stewart's. LOL. This place needs a pub. For real. Oh well. I've got a lot more Facebook buddies now, and hopefully we can expand the circle for the next reunion five years from now. I'm thinking we'll have to make it a weekend event, so that we have more time to visit with each other. I figured out that I only had about 3 minutes to spend with each person last Saturday. And I KNOW I didn't get to talk to everybody! *Sigh*
Today, I'm coming to you with some ideas, tricks and troubleshooting techniques for avoiding and removing thread knots. Because, let's be honest, there's nothing quite as irritating as getting a knot in the middle of your thread length while binding a quilt, applying an applique, embroidering, etc. So here are some tricks to avoiding and eliminating those pesky knots!
Here is my photographic essay of sleepy time at the Zoo, of pictures I took before my nap.
Thinking of all of you on this International Bereaved Mother's Day.
I sense a children's film here.
".. one of the things they've been doing over the past few months is laying a few stink bombs around Whitehall, and maybe some of them knew that and didn't want to be there when they went off"
Christopher laughed.
Also, I'm still looking for opinions on my blog name change. Chime in. Let me know what you want to see. Let me know what you think of the new (and hopefully improved) vision for my blog.
That album was followed in 1977 with the release of the album “Rumours” which went on to spawn a number of hits and the album also won the Grammy Award for Album of the Year.
The arch of Angel’s Window.
The worst part is it should have been about issues.
We sent screenshots of the book's lack of availability and its failure to appear in any distributor warehouse. It's in the publisher warehouse alone—which does not equal being available through regular trade channels. We also sent a PDF of the relevant contract page with the initialed changes to their boilerplate. This material went out return receipt—and finally, we received a promise to review the situation and get back to us in a week.
In that post I told you about a newspaper article that claimed FDR did battle with zombies when he drafted the Haitian constitution (in 1917). So it turns out that modern fact checkers dispute FDR’s claim that he wrote the Constitution of Haiti. In fact, his biographers now use that claim as proof of FDR’s pervasive exaggeration and self-aggrandizement. It is true that he did once claim that he wrote it but he did not actually write it. See this blog, “FDR Did Not Write the Constitution for Haiti” and see Fredrick B. Pike’s book “FDR’s Good Neighbor Policy”. Pike writes:
PS. The morning after addendum on 1/12/11 is that I realize that this list of expectations could be much longer. I have left off a myriad of people/organizations we have expectations for, who may or may not live up to them: the President, local politicians, the mail lady, the next U2 concert I attend, the grocery store clerks, bus drivers, the next episode of “Top Chef”. The list goes on.
One of the things I've worked on is nooks for my foxes. Ashleigh already had one from before I started on their book, but Pov needed one since all the stuff he started collecting began spilling all over the place. Once he started getting artwork and books, I realized he needed a space to put them.
Nothing. Usually cellphone in left pants, keys in right, wallet in jacket breast.
Editor: “But this first sentence here… Where you wrote ‘worship god’ and ‘honor god,’ what did you mean there?
# Acetic acid is an antiseptic and inhibitor of pathogenic bacteria.
Our Thursday morning classes are going well. We are making a sampler quilt using a variety of techniques - watch this space for progress.
you'll be washing and touching up those walls frequently.
An exciting new paranormal adventure, with a heroine who rivals Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Raised By Wolves will leave you howling for more.
So now is the time when the real work begins. Signups for volunteers will be up in a few days, and nominations will open shortly after that.
The plot revolves around some key linear ideas, which end up getting lost in all of the lackluster random trekking done within the series.
I am not quite sure what I am going to do with myself when January comes around, but one thing that is certain is that it will be different to what I have been used to. Before I get myself involved in anything whether paid or voluntary I intend to work my way through the list of jobs in the cottage that have been ignored or left undone over the last 18 months.
I wont lie: as the images faded and my two and a half year old and I were once again in our living room, there was a tear there. The time flies by faster than I'd ever thought possible.
It appears that wearing new clothes at Easter is an old one. The newly baptized would wear white clothing throughout the entire Easter Week as a symbol that the waters of their baptism had cleansed them from all sin. Other Christians would dress in new clothing to show that they, too, had risen to a new life in Christ. This became an outward sign of one's faith and participation in the dying and rising of Our Lord.
Now, as always, back to the kitchen – we’ll see you soon!
Luxury Tax
A brief stop at the Visitors’ Centre atLullingstone Country Park, then onwards, not though the country park itself – which boasts of extensive chalk grassland and an impressive collection of veteran trees in its woodland (if I’d known this before setting out, I would have planned a different route!) – but continuing along the Darent Valley Path. Leaving the river as it veers southeastwards, a permissive path across Castle Farm allows me to avoid the tarmac and traffic (what little there is of it) of Castle Road. Instead, my route continues along the grassy buffer strip at the edge of a field of lavender, narrow purple-grey rows climbing the hillside like contour lines on a map.
Other than a numerical round-up, in Wednesday's Month in Numbers post, this is the final installment of A Month of Sunrays and I wanted to bow out with something completely bright and happy-making.
I haven’t always had flat feet; but being pregnant tends to make your feet go all out of shape. See, what happens is, when you are pregnant, you have this hormone that causes your ligaments to relax (you’ve gotta be able to get a 6+ lb child through your pelvic girdle, the ligaments stretch). However, this hormone isn’t focused to your pelvic region, it effects EVERY ligament in your body, including the ones that hold your feet together. My feet grew a half size to a whole size with each pregnancy and they don’t shrink back afterwards.
In the past, CUNY has had to make difficult financial and academic decisions in order to continue to provide higher educational opportunities. Prior to the 1970’s, a CUNY education was free to New York City students, a system referred to as ‘open admissions’. Under open admissions, Black and Latino attendance rates grew substantially. Facing a fiscal crisis, the CUNY system began imposing tuition fees on students. By the 2000’s, to meet the still-evolving academic standards of today’s working world, CUNY raised admission standards following reports that students in the four-year colleges were not meeting competitive standards. Throughout these changes, the University has remained true to its legacy of providing low and mid-income individuals with quality educational opportunities.
Give a better value for ones mobile customers by making a dedicated opt-in database selection for them. It will assist you to provide your clients that has a superior value and also a great experience while simultaneously providing you an extremely bigger bargain. It’s actually a win-win situation here.
Ira is an IPA brewed with a Belgian yeast strain. The resulting beer is softer and rounder than a muscular Oregon IPA. It has a creamy sweetness that buoys the ample hops and simultaneously seems to enclose the bitterness in a gentle pocket. I am reminded of Orval, which is also a huge, yet deceptively smooth beer
Dear Aidan
3. My family (and my dog lol) are the most important people in the world to me.
Your royalty on this sale of your softcover book will be calculated as follows:
Special care needs to be taken with the lashes due to the arrangement of the individual hairs. I accidentally got a little bit of the eyelash fix on the section second from the outer portion of the lash band. When I tried to take it off, I stuck the fine hairs together -- which is why it appears as a thin, sharp hair.
Initially taking on the role of manager for his friend Dick Long's contrived band, The Niggers, Jerry's duties included rallying up musicians and finding them a rehearsal space. It soon became apparent that Dick wasn't actually up for being a front man, so Jerry hopped on board. He continued playing with the group for a few months after that, but since they had no original material to work on, he decided to get a new band started.
Grass Border.... I punched out a bit of grass using my Martha Stewart grass border punch. I cut it the thickness I wanted then cut it the length I wanted. Then I rounded the corners with a small round corner punch and popped it up on my card.
Once you've built yourself a mile-high mountain, carefully gather the corners, pinch to seal, throw those babies in the oven and you're done. (Disclaimer: Don’t prepare your calzones on top of your preheating oven or the dough will melt. Learned that last time.)
I am sharing this not to get comforting comments back. But to be accountable. If I can't SEE with the little I have now, I won't be trusted to see with much.
OG: 20.2 Plato 8.3% ABV
so many others are like "huh?"... I just LOVE that.
The survey, which was published in the Journal of Black Studies, also found that 52.8% of servers reported seeing other servers discriminate against African-American customers.
Don't be afraid of using color in a small space. A color will make the space feel warmer and more engulfing and perhaps even hide just how small the space is. The important thing when picking a color is selecting colors that look great together. In all the LLY personalities I've picked wall colors for the rooms that work together nicely to help people with color schemes. If you have selected a wall color and have an accent color you would like to add, I suggest using or color section too see what you can add that gives it that occasional pop of color. I personally love to shop via color, because I believe color is the most important and most fun
Boulder Beer Co
This release has originally recorded from an FM Broadcast on 97.3 KRQR in San Francisco. This comes from the cassette masters that a friend of mine recorded sometime in 1990. The tapes have gone through hell and back including dampness and moisture build up from being in storage for so long.
The basic process of making and transporting soup and its ingredients hasn’t changed that much over the last 46 years. The trucks are now refrigerated, bigger, and more efficient. Technology directs the process today. Produce is no longer raised on the Texas Panhandle but it still comes from American farms. I can’t pretend that the carrots in the soup are from our farm but I’m happy to know some American farm children can still make that claim.
… until the inevitable happened. They were both short-listed for the RSPB Bird Poet of the Year Award.
I didn't change anything except for the amount of egg white and the bitters. I went back to the original amount for the egg white and found that such a small amount is exactly what this cocktail needs. While it wasn't as pretty as the last--the color was not as rich and no real foam appeared--it did not separate. The smell and taste were very similar to that above. I did replace the orange bitters with aromatic on the fly, which was a welcome addition. The spiciness came through on the aftertaste and really brought the idea of the Manhattan to the forefront. The texture was still creamy and smooth, though less so, as expected. All in all, a worthwhile experiment, with a very tasty cocktail at experiment's end. Now I feel like Mr. Baker's words will work: "This is another one to watch cannily lest our pedal extremities fold up at some totally inappropriate moment." Indeed!
Dearest, Pearl Girls, "Grace" is my prayer for you this Christmas and throughout the New Year.
in silent
The problem with young people today is that they don’t know how to write.
The beer, by the way, is a cracker.
I have another guest on Bookersatz today. The very lovely DJ Kirkby has reviewed 'The Black House' by Peter May. You can also find links to a couple of fab Youtube videos over there.
Walking back, I see no evidence of the extra income that Stevon said Mother was receiving.
We serve a God who delights in being in all the details. He is real and present. He cares deeply for our every need. He answers our prayers-the desires of our hearts, in His will. He gives us exactly what we need…sometimes what we need may first come as a trial. Trials encourage our faith. We are given the blessing of His guidance when we face hardships. He is always alongside us. He never leaves us or forsakes us. He is, as Caroline said last night, GIGANTIC. My four year old explained to me that God is so big, He fills everything…our hearts, our homes the world. She gets it…she has blind faith that the Lord is always with her. She is learning to depend on Him in all circumstances.
I’m gonna climb aboard and ride until I learn to smile
The snake, whose name was Paragon, was a fair-minded roomie, but told Davy he’d spent some time in the pen & warned him that he, Paragon, wasn’t past biting someone’s eyes out in the middle of the night if crossed.
A frequent Q69 rider called the fliers the talk of the neighborhood.
The Buddha man seems content just sitting there. He must be meditating again.
the blank spots of me not being there…
- Remove from pan and slice to serve.
I cannot eat
because everyone does have a Mother.
It was dark. Darker than any night on land could be. As if you had closed your eyes, and then put on a blindfold, and then locked yourself in a closed of your home. And that closed was inside a bigger closed. No light at all existed on its own. The light of the sun could not reach the bottom of the ocean. But that did not matter to us. We needed no light to see. We needed no air to breathe. We needed on food to eat.
is what your auntie calls you
It is the true tale of how a Ku Klux Klan man who once wrote speeches for the late segregationist Alabama Gov. George Wallace (until he thought Wallace had gone “soft” and sold out to liberals) who then later, as a reinvented “Native American” writer named Forrest Carter, was praised by Oprah Winfrey and others.
To get your free bracelet and discount credits:
After calling for an ambulance, I painfully made my way into the back to find Betty. She sat on the rocking chair, asleep and unaware of what had just happened. I walked away from her and back to the front of the restaurant. The front wall was torn away completely, leaving the restaurant open to the wind and snow. I walked through the space in the building and out to my truck. I got my first aid kit out of my glove compartment and tried to patch myself up as well as I could. I walked back into the restaurant and sat down on one of the few remaining chairs. I soon fell asleep.
I pushed her off and jumped up. My pants seemed to get a little tighter.
(root_nsu1c308)@/etc # diff vfstab.prevm vfstab
sugar – 1tspn (as to taste)
on blueberry hill,
Dating Jesus – Susan Campbell
"The risk is always there. There is always lots of tinder about and there are a lot of unresolved issues, including Abyei," said Derek Plumbly, chairperson of the Assessment and Evaluation Commission that monitors the north-south peace deal.
Casanova: Avaritia #3
It was a painless loss because It happened so
Brinjals, 2pc, cut into bite sizes
In terms of makeup, very little newbies. Got myself two new studio blushes from ELF: Twinkle Pink and Giddy Gold. Now the twinkle pink is PERFECT: if you've tried some of the ELF studio blushes, you'll realise that whilst it's they're not chalky at all. "Twinkle Pink" is the perfect blush for daytime, especially if you're still in school and can't get away with ultra shimmery cheeks!
Fareda: Oh Anwaar, don’t be such a worrywart. If we go there during the night, then father will not discover us. And you know, if you don’t go with me, there will be a higher chance that I’ll get caught. Surely you don’t want that on your conscience.
I had a pint of Crouch Vale Yakima, a bit underwhelming, and scrutinised the fridges, which were packed with a good range of Kernel bottles, and some Oakham and Brodie's offerings. I'm intrigued with the way Brodie's bottled beers turn out. I've had a few now, and they've all been excellent in a way that makes their draught counterparts seem like different beers. The London Porter is good on cask but sensational in the bottle, for instance. The Fountain had Seven Hop IPA - the colour seemed much darker than on draught, and some of the huge hopping had given way, leaving a big balanced beer with a lovely mouthfeel and nice drying finish. I wrestled with stopping for more, or making one last pitstop.
jackie@frenchrivierapropertysearch.com
CC told me that she had spoken to Dr N about my notes and he had no problems releasing them, I am still waiting on getting hold of them having chased them up last week, the woman dealing with the Subject Access Request at the hospital has been extremely helpful every time I have spoken with her. I posted the request on the 9th March allowing for weekend post the Mental Health Trust should have received it on the 12th March, I had an acknowledgment that my local hospital mental health services department received a copy on the 15th, therefore given today it has been 49 days, they are 9 days over the 40 calendar days they have. I shall give leeway on the fact we have had Easter in that period, I am generous like that, although CC tells me today she has not had anything to check or sign as of yet…
Los lugares que buscaba no solamente tendrían que tener las mas ricas, también las tenían que hacer a mano. Yo buscaba recetas caseras y medialunas frescas recién salidas del horno.
The proper goal of a story is not to judge what is right and what is wrong, what is good and what is evil. More important is for us to determine whether, inside us, the variable elements and the traditional elements are moving forward in harmony with each other, to determine whether individual stories and the communal stories inside us are joined at the root.
201But let Heav'n seize it, all at once 'tis fir'd;
The thinking is that 1Care should be offered free without any contribution by the employers and employees.
“Bill, the fuck—what?”
Estella's Revenge has been through some distinct phases. Including a name change. While the address was always Estella's Revenge, the original blog title was Tripping Toward Lucidity. As I was working my way through my Masters degree I felt as if I was just stumbling along trying to accomplish whatever was right for me. I was saucy then, bordering on angry, and just finding myself in the world.
HOUDINI: Zimbabwean national Bongani Moyo, face covered, arrives in the Pretoria Magistrate's Court in leg irons last October to face, among others, charges of armed robbery. PHOTO: PEGGY NKOMO
Bringing Scotch into my book was easy: the themes surrounding the drink seemed to fall into place with themes that already existed there, those of roots and faking power and child vs. adult taste buds.
As a kid I used to pretend my cats were a married couple, because we had one male kitty and one female, only logical, right? Not really, they hated each other and barely exchanged meows, but I could dream.
The registration for the class by mail ends on February 15th and the kits will be mailed by February 25th (since after the registration is closed I need to place the order for supplies, receive them, pre-cut them and then mail them to you)
Three d100 tables; 'A' is primarily adjectives, 'B' is nouns, and 'C' is geographic features or settlement types. So you could roll A+B, A+C, A+B+C, whatever. Be prepared to add plurals and possessives where appropriate. Nonsensical or redundant results are of course possible ('Bent Bend').
Having highlighted the easy part that everybody is on twitter, let me move on to the difficult part. Once you are on twitter, what next? Not everybody can succeed on twitter. It is the most cruel place on the planet if you are a NOBODY. But it is the sweetest place if you are a SOMEBODY. The moment a celebrity signs up on twitter, not only it becomes the headlines of the next day’s dailies but also fellow celebs start giving warm welcome by shouting out the newbie and urging their followers to show some love (read follow this new celebrity as well).
Freigeist Bierkultur have an interesting range of beers, all brewed at the Helios Braustelle in Cologne, hosts of the Festival der Bierkulturen. Their Deutscher Porter is no exception, at least from the description. The ingredients include salt, and brettanomyces is involved in the fermentation process. Pouring an opaque black, with just the faintest traces of ruby highlights around the edges, this 8% ABV porter hints at soft vanilla toffee, light coffee, licks of licorice and a squeeze of soft summer fruits on the nose. All quite toned down, but there nonetheless. So it was quite a kick in the teeth when the first mouthful delivered not a rich, full-bodied, fruity, chocolatey porter, but a bite of a lemon. It's sour. Not Cantillon sour, but significantly so nonetheless. It's refreshing. The expected roasty or chocolate flavours are playing sixth fiddle somewhere, but the fruits, raspberry and green apples perhaps, creep out from under the lemon to leave a pleasing tartness on the tongue. A slight oiliness at the back of the throat may come from the salt, but it's hard to say where that comes in to play.
We've tried to keep busy. We had an Easter egg hunt at the house, took the kids bowling, have done a bunch of talking and cooking, had to have one kid (Ryan) get stitches, and took a quick trip downtown.
I am surrounded by half packed boxes and I feel like my house is in chaos.
If we are so much like the animals around us, then why do we try and raise above our natural responses and impulses in the name of humanity?
(Remember that can of worms - I felt I'd opened?)
It is a vagina I swear!
I had to sit with this book for a few days after I finished it. I had one of my teachers come to me, book in hand, requesting that I do the read. This teacher had been browsing the Top 100 Notable Books of 2011 and picked this book from the one sentence summary:
SEE the learning in EVERYTHING!
Happy Valentine's and all that, blah, blah.
Anything. I’m willing.
While the ostensible "danger" part of this activity is the mild electrical shock one's tongue receives, I would say the greatest threat in a group setting like a preschool is that we don't have enough batteries to go around, necessitating the sharing of said batteries, leading to a risk to transmitting viruses lurking about in our saliva. We set this up on the workbench as one of the 3-4 group activity choices we have during the "activities" period of our summer session day. Audrey's mom Jaimee was prepared with a half-dozen 9-volts, along with a washcloth and soapy water with which to wash off the batteries between licks.
That got Diane hooked and in 2008 thru now she has been responsible for the Quilt of Valor booth.
Ponzi scheme. We demand our money back for all of those bull-crap
And here, I find myself again, because I have the right PEOPLE in my life and had the right CONVERSATIONS, at the right TIME. Everything is falling into place on this road and taking me to exactly where I need to be.
Is to feel it–
* Spirituality in Television and Film
Whether gathered around a table in a Sunday school room or at the house of a fellow mom, we’d let our children play for hours and talk.
5) Payment of N999m in 128 times within 24 hours to some companies totalling N127.872b by the office the Accountant-General of the Federation.
But there are some things that I really do like: super-fresh produce, awesome thrift stores, and most of all the fact that I never feel in a rush to go anywhere. Living in New York City, there were so many people around all the time that I always felt in a hurry and my day-to-day stress level was high enough to feel like I was having a panic attack sometimes.
May 19, 2012 10-1pm Paper Crafting Class " Magnetic Mini Album"
In life, I believe most of us are facing the scenario that somebody throw their anger or frustration to us.
My man had a birthday recently, and he chose these chocolate malt cupcakes to help celebrate. The cupcakes had a moist and fluffy consistancy and the perfect amout of chocolate flavor. The frosting was delicious, but only after it had time for the flavors to marry overnight. I thought it was far too sweet right after making it, so i would frost these the night before so the sweetness has time to calm down a bit. I didn't get an overwhelming malt flavor in the cupcake or the frosting, so next time I may try adding more malt. I'll probably also crush up some malt balls and sprinkle them onto the frosting for an extra whammy.
The present Aids-HIV epidemic -- against which the Mbeki-regime undertakes no action and still is publicly failing to properly acknowledge -- the World Health Organisation estimates that more than 6-million African South Africans will be dead within the forthcoming decade. And the Mbeki-led ANC regime, which could have undertaken a huge prevention campaign such as Uganda's a long time ago, has done nothing to stave off this terrible death rate.
Fast forward to the visits themselves. A frenetic tour of five schools in five days, all over the UK.
If you would like to show your appreciation and support for what I'm doing here at The House of Vines there are a number of different things that you can do:
Well never mind.
And I can’t forget the love story. It was rocking too :) None of this, “I’m hot…you’re hot…let’s make out.” No, this story was the best kind of slow burn love story—the kind that leaves you wanting more. I'm so glad Jolene wrote a sequel, because I need more :)
And look up. You never know what might be up there.
I took two days off -necessary R&R, because the writing I have chosen to do is very intense - both strands, in different ways. So, ten days on which I wrote during the morning, and the evening. Most days, I went for a walk in the afternoon, either down to the strand, or up to the mountaintop above Mountain MIne at Allihies.
So, that is what I am chewing on tonight.....just trying to negotiate my life....whew!
Have a lovely lovely Friday and an amazing weekend!
If you think all this makes sense, you can get 51 helpful marketing ideas from Drayton. Just go to www.draytonbirdcommonsense.com and register. Then you can also download a free book of which the late David Ogilvy said “Nobody should have anything to do with the business of advertising until they have read this book at least seven times."
True assurance comes from inside us; when we know who we are, when we know our value and capability. The question to be asked is: who am I? Each of us need to answer this question.
I'll be called a trader
1/4 cup finely shredded Parmesan cheese
Yesterday, I started my day off with an 8 AM meeting with the middle school principal. The topic: playground football. Football (actually, all play involving footballs) has recently been banned from recess at the middle school. I wanted to know why. The answer? Injuries, aggressive behavior and liability.
Nonviolence and nonharm are central to Buddhism. People come into Buddhism with all kinds of wounds and baggage, but if they stick with it long enough, it helps transform all that. There’s a recognition, perhaps like the Christian acknowledgement of sin, that we all suffer, but there’s no judgement with that. It’s more like “we are alive, and so we suffer, we feel rage, we discriminate, etc. And we have the power to transform that suffering. We’ve got all the ‘wholesome seeds’ within us, too. This means that no matter how much anger or hatred is in us, we can shift the focus and nurture the altruism, the forgiveness, the kindness, and so on.”
This is the Lancashire-born and former journalist's debut collection of short stories, which also won Salt Publishing's Scott Prize 2011. She has previously had stories published in magazines such as Tears in the Fence, The Warwick Review, and The View From Here. She has also been longlisted/shortlisted in competitions including the Willesden Herald International Short Story Competition, the Short
If I focus on:
Established in 1892, CILEx was known as the Institute of Legal Executives (ILEX) in 1963 before changing its name in January 2012 when it received a royal charter. According to CILEx, 81.5 per cent of its members have parents who studied at university. Only 2 per cent of members have a lawyer for a parent. Clearly, CILEx operates in different circles from the magic-circle law firms, which have attracted criticism in the past for using the old boys’ network of recruitment.
Firstly, I don't think it is right when people tell others what to do or how to behave. Unless they are their bosses or parents. Or when the person's action directly affects them.
Anyway. I came out of university and ended up Not Becoming A Journalist at all, despite being offered an internship at a more-than-slightly disreputable periodical (and no, I’m not telling). The closest I came to it, in fact, was working in one of the larger buildings on Fleet Street. I hated the job, and I think it wouldn’t be unfair to say that the job hated me, and our office was a boxy little partitioned space, but I loved that building.
I’m going to give the Browns entire draft, at the moment, a C++. If The Walrus gets over his bromance with Seneca Wallace, who’s apparently a dick and refused to help Colt transition last year (unless he was honest and told Colt, “Dude, I have no idea what I’m doing either. Your guess is as good as mine. Maybe better!), I’ll feel better about the season.
Today I received a note home from school. Enrollment packs for 2012 are available for collection at the office. It dawned on me, as it has been slowly dawning on me since the beginning of the year, that this is my last year with a small child at home.
Loved the wood panelling, trees, strung lights and heat lamps that cast a warm glow over the space. And the fire pit table. Yes, you read that right - there's a communal table in the middle of the patio, and in the center of that table - a fire pit. Form and function in one, for meals in the winter - it does get chilly outdoors in LA for a few months of the year.
I think people who disrespect collections by pilfering for their own greed are dishonoring not only memory, but beyond that, dishonoring an individual or communities’ voice so society can build upon the notion of identity. Kenneth Foote wrote a powerful statement in the Jimerson article for archivists, “the documents and artifacts they collect are important resources for extending the spatial and temporal range of communication” (29). This is so meaningful to me, as someone who values, the written word, the bound book, and the handwritten voice, as remnants of print culture. For someone to remove a link from its context or as part of a collection for their own profit, is creating gaps in time and a disservice to possibly a whole history of a culture.
A benefit for the New Mexico Committee of the National Museum of Women in the Arts, the exhibition and sale was organized to expand the notion of what a dress is and how it reflects the inner self of the wearer. The proceeds will help support the 25-year-old museum and the committee’s “Women to Watch” program, committee president Susan Berk said.
Consequently, in 1936, he approached German military intelligence who appealed to both his Welsh nationalism and his wallet.
It has been four years since I started this blog, and it is time to freshen things up. I am in the process of starting up a new blog with a running, cooking, and food focus (which mine kinda was already - I just wanted to give it a new look and theme that will reflect this!).
hands-off. Well, almost totally. I was standing around taking pictures, and giving her some direction, but she was extremely irritated at me. "I know how to do it, Mom." Which is frankly fine with me. As far as I'm concerned, she can make dinner every night.
By water and bull rushes
So, did you miss me last Wednesday? I was on my Jolly Holidays. We spent a fabulous week in London doing the "Tourist Thing"!!! We saw all the sights Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, Big Ben, Downing Street, Tower Bridge etc. We visited Kew Gardens, The Science Museum, The Royal Observatory at Greenwich and The British Museum. Of course we also had time for some serious shopping too - Harrods, Fortnum & Masons, Covent Garden and Hamleys to name a few. I even managed a trip to Blade Rubber Stamps - a great rubber stamp and craft shop in Holborn!!!
The base here I believe is China Glaze towel boy blue (?) I got that put on at the salon, I used China Glaze OMG and Wet N Wild ink well for the black. Just used a normal bendy straw, dipped the end in the polish (on a plate) and tried to do a fast hard blow to get the polish out. Considering this is only my second splatter I'm pretty pleased!
And she decided to drunk text me.. you ladies know what that is all about don't you.
Tomorrow is Christmas Eve. We’ll go to a 6pm service at our church while most Ticos will attend the Catholic misa de gallo—midnight mass—and open their gifts. Either way, it’s bound to be a sunny, breezy, and beautiful Christmas here in the valley.
2. Talk About Other Job Opportunities
"The sources of income are unknown. We could not verify where the money came from. They had sources of income outside employment and received extra income without authorisation from their employer."
A big grin softened Jim’s forbidding face. “Hey, that’s great! I’ll bet Pippi’s thrilled. She’s had that look in her eye for quite a while now.”
David Tennant will be missed in this iconic role. I don’t know if it will ever live up to his portrayal again. I hope so, because the show is fantastic and I want it to continue.
Magnus Fin and the Ocean Quest
However, what is actually most important to both Auma and Branwen is to get across the key message of the film: how the West portraits Africa both in society and politics, and how this picture needs to grow into something much more diverse – obviously also with positive aspect beyond stunning landscapes and animal wildlife.
Thanks for KeepnUp – J
Dads are special people. And don’t forget—Father’s Day is June 17th! Give him the gift of a memory with our Daddy & Me portrait session. It’s the perfect way to commemorate the father-child bond. With a variety of set options, this session can be customized to complement the ages and personality of your little ones. As your children grow, these portraits will become treasured keepsakes that they will share with their own children.
So it is not a matter of acquiring detachment. It is a matter of seeing the foolishness of attachment when you suffer in attachment; then you do not go to the opposite. Now, what happens? You want to be attached and at the same time you want to be detached, and in this conflict there is pain. If in pain itself you realize the finality of pain, if you do not try to escape to the opposite, then that very pain will free you from both attachment and detachment.
Mogulof had said they were not against working with Occupiers and allowing them to do farming there but that ”All they needed to do was agree to work with us to coordinate activities.” The regents had said they would drop their suit if the protesters quit trespassing and joined in a discussion Saturday about how to use the land for both urban farming and for the plant research faculty members are planning for the site.
….Donghae-ah.. please take me with you..”
I notice his lips beginning to twitch.
In Washington, about 1,280 cases have been reported in 2012, and officials believe the state could see as many as 3,000 cases by year’s end. Health Secretary Mary Selecky declared the epidemic April 3, and since then officials have bought up the vaccine and made it available for free for people who don’t have insurance.
711210 Spectator sports (including professional sports clubs & racetrack operations)
2. Microwaved with butter: FAIL, smell was still there and could not be covered by butter. Also tried vegan spread, same result.
This was my first brush with Evil, up close and unrelenting. By the time the program was over, I was (I now know) in a state of shock. I had just been traumatized by the enormity of our human capacity for malevolence. My innocence was a dead, useless skin, quickly molted and left behind. I remember being angry as only idealistic adolescents can be. When my mother returned — she had been at some devotional at church — I was beside myself. In fact, from then on I could understand what that phrase meant.
I know what you're thinking: How can a slasher series have any creativity or artistry to rape in the first place? Well, this movie is so bad and so odious in its stench that it manages to do so even when there was already a lack of those things. How low can you go? Well, this movie goes lower!
My screams of agony are silent, for no air fuels them, until…
One nice breezy Fall day, it had fallen on the ground. Then it rained a little. And a deer came along and stepped on it and pushed it deep in the mud.
ACT – HEAVEN KNOWS I’M MISERABLE NOW
For the whole month of November I think I reminded my husband EVERY single day that it was our anniversary on the 30th. Not that I thought he would forget, I was just SO excited that it was finally coming. It's amazing to me that it has already been one whole year since I married that man. The time flew by, but I guess that's how it goes when you're in the military. You learn ways to cherish every day that they are home, and make the time fly by when they are not.
The problem for me is that it starts from unstated but implicit assumptions about what local government is for, and about how its objectives are set. But those assumptions owe little to the concept of meaningful local democracy; they owe more to a centralist view of local councils as being primarily deliverers of services, the nature and standard of which is defined by central (in this context, Welsh) government. Their power, in short, is
Tom Wroblewski, the president of Machinists Union District Lodge 751 in Seattle, praised the work of the Everett Machinists and congratulated them on the award.
Add the remaining ingredients and mix well.
Stone Old Guardian 08
The other Spice Girls hold no mystery for me. Baby Spice? Next! Oh yeah, Ginger Spice? Really? Scary Spice. Don’t I know you? You remind me of a teacher I had in high school. Anyway, the other “Girls” seem less interesting to me, less intriguing. They seem to lack any special powers.
course). We said our good-byes and trudged back to the compound where we
A Maine Guide for eight years, Robinson said he’ll be turkey hunting again soon.
Explaining his theory, Rev. Robertson said, "Because of the bad road conditions the Almighty has made, any gay activities that people were planning on doing will have to be postponed by a day or two."
SHEAN: That’s why I’m here, Mr. Gallagher!
855 bus, Vykhino, Kuznetsky Most, Prospekt Vernadskogo, the building where the company that controls gas is located. Interview with a boss who was boss of the company that controls gas for twenty-one years.
But don't let that put you off. Please! Someone's got to win it and it could be you!
Eldest amongst her five siblings, Ma was born in an average middle class family of educationists. She spent her early years in Theosophical Society Banaras. Her parents supported her in pursuing higher education. She had a very sound cultural background and always mentioned that she was fortunate to have been born and brought up in that time and place.
a while ago i saw this boy
But God can help us navigate the pain. And as God helps us heal, as God absorbs our cries and our prayers, God can write His own story into our story. He can draw us nearer until we feel His embrace. Thankfully, God can help us heal.
LOMBARDI, Vincent, C.; (US).
This is my go to under eye concealer! I use it everyday. The highlighting side is good but it can be a little bit glittery. I don't have awful under eye concealers so I don't have to have a lot of coverage therefore this is perfect! Its more on the sheer side but not as sheer as the tone correcting concealer from elf. I love this though! Its extremely brightening!
We do not offer any downloads on this site and we don't link to any downloads directly either.
1. Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Spray bread pan with nonstick cooking spray
He had received a call
Q552 is the name of an underground base in the Rocky Mountains Canada area, in a town called Nelson, where much cloning has been going on since the late 1970s. James Casbolt had information that it had now become a warehouse for a clone army that would strike the Olympics.
So yes, most reunions there are about 80% of the above list all gallivanting around the local Dairy Queen and Target together. My cousin in law jokes that we’re like locusts. We’ve named ourselves a LUnami… given that the name we all share is Lu. And we’re like a tsunami. I don’t think this really needed much explanation, but I felt like I had to give it anyway, just in case. Sorry for undermining your intelligence. We just get a lot of weird looks when we say it in public.
- Students should use the first four days of the week to complete this assignment leaving their weekends free. I have stressed the importance of doing this work Monday through Thursday to establish a regular discipline that will carry them throughout the year. The weekend should be used to simply edit and manage the work already done. (That is if we lived in a perfect world)
~Black Krim 4.26.12
I think it's safe to say I still have some unresolved issues with my husband. If there was any doubt before, it was all cleared up over the last few days.
I always remember ‘Kerrang!’ interviews with him back in the 80's gave the impression he was a prickly character but that is far from the real Dio who got together the Hear ‘N’ Aid project for charity and ran a charity with his wife Wendy Dio to help get children out of prostitution. We have many great songs to remember him by from his days in Rainbow, Black Sabbath and Dio.
The lesson is this: anything worth doing in this life is worth doing poorly.
Styles by Danielle Main Store LM is below, so grab it and have fun & Happy Shopping!
Time and clarity are of the essence this morning – so here’s an overview of what I’m going to be looking at.
We have here a great live band, and a great new single, so I feel that my standard for judging this performance may be unfairly high, so let’s just say this: a B+ for the Foo Fighters is probably as good as an A for any number of lesser acts. B+
The pottery industry in East Liverpool had begun in the 1840s with the manufacture of yellow ware from the rice deposits of local clay. By 1870, consumers' tastes had shifted to the increasingly popular white ware being imported from England and the Laughlin brothers took advantage of City Council's offer of seed money to anyone who would produce white ware.
Sighned
In the Tamil world of southern India in ancient times one has the mythological image of the kalavelvi, where the pey, or evil spirits, dance on the battleground and make ponkal (gruel) from the gore of the fallen.[ix] Ponkal, significantly, is central to most Hindu festivals in the south and denotes regeneration, renewal and creativity.[x]
523900 Other financial investment activities (including investment advice)
Hiroaki Koide Kyoto University Nuclear Reactor Research Institute (Japan)
Now here are the items that i did Swatch:
Then it used more energy to go not up, but down, struggling to send a tiny little root through that compacted mud — that terribly icky place. It needed something to tightly hold on to, because……..
2 cups white wine
EMO: "Hey KO, I have your birthday present!"
That’s what I said on that blog (with slight modifications), but much more can be said….
The Lost Ladybug Project is super-duper importante to us here and we implore you to help out! Be safe today during the program and by all means ENJOY!!!
Your two personalised napkins will be dispatched to you asap!!!
Sgt. Jeffrey Beltran pulled a heavily creased Post-it note from the pocket of his fatigues, unfolded it and looked over a list he jotted down earlier that day: pick up an order of beef lo mein, take his dress uniform to work (jacket, pants and boots), do schoolwork. Beltran’s Army-issue organizer is also filled with these reminders, and he checks them every so often to jog his memory — folding and unfolding them throughout the day. Beltran’s life is filled with sticky notes because his short-term memory is no longer reliable, a result of what the Army calls a mild traumatic brain injury that he suffered in an I.E.D. attack in Iraq in 2005….
But we’re all sinners to this effect (not in the biblical sense), right now I have a Powerpoint document open with several thousand characters of sociology work mid-writing, Facebook, Stumbleupon and WordPress. I don’t remember the last time I had less than one browser whirling away. Are you doing the same? It makes me feel like I need to go and find a quiet place outdoors to paint or climb or just see to balance out the technical toxins that tak me away from actual reality and into the warped place where anything can happen and usually does all at once. On holiday it took me two days just to slow my pace, I saw four places in just one day, running around but not stopping to go ahhh this is nice, as the week drew on and I realised there was no rush, visiting places is not an assignment due in the next day or an urgent appointment with someone important. It’s time to slow down, let go and just be you. And dear god, was it good.
I read lazy,patient, elegant, and peaceful…. I am lazy , no question about that, very patient and peaceful till i explode that it, and elegant, well, why not! Let me know if it worked for you!
and my sister's couples shower is this Sunday
Can I go over a month without not feeling sick?
Phoebe Cates – Linda Barrett
Nothing really special planned for the day. I just felt like dressing in vibrant colors to match my just-touched-up hair (bye-bye grays!)
The goal is simple – to get people excited about great writing. The philosophy is equally simple – there’s great writing out there you don’t know exists, and you should. Not by making it conform to the traditional preconceptions of what stories and books are, but by putting it out there in whatever shape it wants to take and selling the public a ringside seat.
The blog world has captivated me and I want to be part of it.
Savannah caught the moth in a cup.
If you care to leave a comment that would please me.
Now I am late to work cos I forgot the key of my drawer (again) where my laptop is! So I had to come back to pick it. Daisy has another key, but she arrives almost at 10 O_O
There are NO Fancy-Schmancy coffee houses out in my pasture!
The other thing that fogged my memory is that Elizabeth's husband cheated on her. Had she been a nobody, it would have been between her, her husband, and the other woman. Elizabeth, in fact, learned about the betrayal two months before We, the People did. But once we did know, she had to 'fess up about her feelings, first on a blog (on which she stood by her husband), then on Oprah (on which she wavered a bit), and finally in her best-selling book Resilience (in which she admitted throwing up upon finding about her husband's affair). You may argue that no one forced her to tell us about all of this, and that she made some money off it to boot (some of which I imagine went toward paying doctors' bills), but I suspect had the story not broke, she would have kept her feelings to herself. That's not to say there wouldn't have been a divorce, but that all we would have known is that it was because of "irreconcilable differences."
Basically the results of the scientific data were fairly clear up until 1980: Aspartame was a dangerous, brain-tumor-causing man-made poison and the company trying to get it into the food supply was recommended for prosecution by the FDA. You would think that would be the end of aspartame, right?
Notes by the taper
Personally, I like the position one of my colleagues took: Forget the copyright issue. The monkey should sue for rights of publicity.
Classy yet trashy, whatever I’ve been labeled
2. What would you say are your biggest writing influences?
Anyway … thanks bunches to all my guildies for the help and support getting these things done. You’re all awesome!
Top Ten Most Influential Christians isn’t a personal commentary about who should be on the top 10 list, but rather looks at the result of a recent Christian based survey. This book examines the results of the survey, gives a historical examination on who those people were, and some of what they said and did too. It’s not that people don’t know who they are, but rather they don’t know enough about them. Because of this, Ken Lambert and others give/source historical information regarding various figures within Christian history who made an impact; though not all of them necessarily in a positive light.
2 Id., 62-65, exclusive of annexes.
“After December, young women can expect to see premium increases of up to 25%.”
You experience a mixture of pain and anger. You manage to mutter, “Just tell him to hurry.”
For here forlorn and sad I sit, Within the wiry grate; And tremble at th’ approaching morn, Which brings impending fate.
He is your friend, your partner, your defender, your dog. You are his life, his love, his leader. He will be yours, faithful and true, to the last beat of his heart. You owe it to him to be worthy of such devotion. ~ Author unknown
Give the gift of Correia this week with a paperback copy of Hard Magic. They fit in your pocket of your enormous cargo pants! Mass market paperbacks are the perfect present for your loved ones this Administrative Professionals Day (April 25th, or so my calender says…)
· Books are my salvation
The pattern for this and the Charlie brown tree came from:
“I’m sorry,” she apologized. (Dialogue shows that she’s apologizing)
"While the `Day of Mourning' has served to focus attention on past injustice to the Native American cause, it has, in recent years, been orchestrated by a group calling themselves the United American Indians of New England. This group has tenuous ties to any of the local tribes, and is composed primarily of non-Indians. To date, they have refused several invitations to meet with the Wampanoag Indian tribal councils in Mashpee or in Gay Head. Once again, we, as Wampanoags, find our voices and concerns cast aside in the activities surrounding the Thanksgiving holiday in Plymouth, this time, ironically, by a group purporting to represent our interests."
Meei-Ling Ng: 215-606-8428
The NYX powder blushes are available in 24 different shades and delivers sheer, silky color that glides on, blends beautifully and creates a natural glow.
Effort to cut Debt is UNachievable ONLY because ‘few’ lawmakers would vote for the Conservative package, ‘THEY say’.
I will be making some more purchases of handbags at Pre-Owned Handbags 4 Less in the future! I would typically spend $50 on a handbag. Why not get a designer one!
When I started teaching my own kids, I never allowed them to say that they hated math or the math was hard. When ever they expressed frustration with math, I would tell them that they just needed to be more familiar with whatever it was that we were working on. Now when they come to something challenging they actually dive in and try to see it in as many different ways as they can until they feel comfortable.
5). Comedy Face of the Week. Now, this prize was hotly contested, mostly by Dr. G. I particularly liked the “Bloody hell, this is cold!” face that he pulled when he leapt into the Napa River, and came up spluttering something about how cold the water was. Then there was the face he pulled as his new girlfriend, Yolanda, started to chew on his ear. But, despite his best attempts, he has been pipped at the post by the stick insect with its novelty jumping act. Taking this photo was quite the challenge, since every time I got too close, this leggy insect would leap up into the air. If he was so inclined, he could even throw in a backward somersault, with a half twist.
We're a small class - about a dozen of us "adult beginners", all told. And we rank from White Belts (that would be me) all the way up to Brown Belts, who are more assistant teachers than students.
Weather Warden Book 4
He jumped off the bed and stuck his finger in her face “How could you do this to me! You promised me that you would be there after dad died! Do you know how much it kills me to have to come here? I hate it and I hate you for this! You can remember every goddamn Christmas carol but you can’t even remember your own son? Look at me. Look at my face. I’m your son, mom! Do you think I like coming here; having to explain to you over and over again that I’m your child? It tears me up that I feel this way about you, mom because I love you so much. You’ve made me into something I never wanted to be. I don’t want to be this person but I can’t pretend that I’m happy. I can’t explain this to my wife or my family. Every time you ask me who I am, you cut away at another part of the person I used to be. I don’t have it left to give to you. I can’t keep coming here and doing this to myself. I wish you would just wake up and be who you were before but I know that’s not going to happen. I’m not going to force myself to watch you fade away!”
1. Cover your buttons with fabric
From a wintry wood in Pennsylvania to Manhattan’s fur district, the final stage of Ms Avins’ fur journey was an urban affair, conducted with the help of an expert furrier.
Labour is not as bad as you think.
Open a Text-editor of your choice.
This type of reconciliation is what we need with God. He has shown that He wants to be our God. That great verse where God says ‘I am your God, and you will be my people’ tells us He wants to be our God; He wants to have relationship with us. But how do we show this? The answer to this is through a sacrifice to take away our sin and allow us to be in relationship with the holy God.
Then we proceed to the lower deck and as expected, the place was busier than usual cos its a holiday and many people took this opportunity to do their marketing.
Hi everyone, and welcome to week two of the Mistborn Groupread!
I know that I have posted many cloud photos, but I could not help but capture the ones here. Yes, they are simple, but to my eyes they were beautiful! Enjoy all nature has to bring and be happy in the moment. Thank you for viewing.
Washington State Department of Labor and Industries. Workplace Hazards to Reproduction and Development: A Resource for Workers, Employers, Health Care Providers, and Health & Safety Personnel. Safety & Health Assessment & Research for Prevention (SHARP). Technical Report Number: 21-3-1999. Washington State Department of Labor and Industries, Olympia, Washington, August 1999.
From the same book as the previous entry:
Two years ago Joe Biden said it was a “big f*cking deal”. Now it is without doubt a big f*cking disaster and Trayvon Martin will be hoist onto an Al Sharpton flatbed truck for an Obama adoption ceremony in order to avoid the “big f*cking disaster” getting discussed.
Patriotic Salvation Movement (Chad)
Limited-ammo weapons can be fired by any model (as normal), but those shooting must have LOS to the target.
I love situational comedies where the stakes keep getting ridiculously higher. This movie always makes me laugh.
Tell yourself that you are the one doing the choosing, not the one waiting to be chosen. Girls want boyfriends just as much as you want a girlfriend. There’s no reason why you shouldn’t be able to take control when meeting girls. That’s not to say you should be arrogant; it’s more about having a sense of your own worth.
Yes, but these feelings I did not foresee….
Saw flowers budding gold.
“We looked at search and rescue, oil spill response, maritime domain and maritime safety and security issues,” said Walter Berbrick, assistant research professor in the War Gaming Department at the Center for Naval Warfare Studies. “They were all fictional scenarios.”
“We understand that our customers come from a variety of backgrounds, experiences, lifestyles, and cultures and we respect their individual decisions to choose the television programs that they deem acceptable for themselves and their families. Consumers speak most loudly when they vote with their remote control and change the channel or turn off the TV if a program does not fit their personal criteria.”
It looks like another big move by HSN CEO Mindy Grossman, the Terminator.
We joke that we get dates quarterly, when we visit family. We joke, but that my friends is a fact.
Gang Green - Older (Roadrunner 1989, promo)
As we know all too well, Apple has been charging a premium on its products for years.
Fiona lives in London with her Greek-American husband and two half-Greek teenage children. So far, none of them have exhibited any Percy Jackson-like attributes – although her husband’s tendency to commandeer the TV remote at all times suggests a barely suppressed Zeus complex.
So far…at 28% through the book would I recommend reading it? Absolutely yes.
Barn door rollers for my sliding 'barn door' in the master bedroom! I have been looking for these on Craigslist and eBay but they're usually priced around $100 and up. I got these for $4 - $2 apiece. I was delighted! Some scrubbing, primer, and spray paint will do wonders for them. The wheels still roll freely. YIPPEE! Score!!
Laura and I were admiring how pretty it was back there while Marcel jumped out and started poking around. Soon he found an area of long grass that had been flattened by something. And wait, a cow pie! Hail Holy Mary, he found a cow pie! Poop had never been so well received as in that moment.
Such divisions create the potential for hate. But it is only when Kanye appears to hate himself, as he does periodically throughout the song, that he can rejoice and endorse the ‘screams’ of the haters. In such instances, when he hates himself, they are right to hate him. The music of their hate chimes a note of ambivalence: when they hate him, they are jealous; when they hate him, they are right – he deserves it.
to the clouds
Makes you wonder exactly what Duff and Phelps are doing over at Ibrox to justify the fees of several hundred pounds per hour per person they have been racking up since February 14, doesn’t it?
It certainly isn’t Rick Perry or Nigel Farage – two blokes whose combined intellect wouldn’t fill a rat’s nostril – and it quite definitely isn’t David Cameron.
Not so fast. What is this pick and chose m.o.? If they want to rest on absolute truth of their written text then what about the rest of that book?
Jump to the other side of rue Rambuteau, where another patisserie creates sidewalk bottlenecks. Pain de Sucre, which was opened in 2004 by two pastry chefs, is the haute patisserie of the street. Great big, square tarts of rhubarb and raspberry are accented with rosemary; tablettes of chocolate are studded with wild strawberries or whole hazelnuts; and the perfect rows of macarons include flavors like elderflower, lime, chocolate mint and cherry-pistachio.
Near 11, a man comes into the ER saying there's someone outside who may not be breathing. The nurses hustle outside with Security and they bring in the patient on a gurney. Wow, excitement!
Sixth round:
The figures have just been published on library book borrowings for the year 2010-2011. Adult borrowing is down, but children's book borrowing is up. The total number of borrowings of children's books for that year was a staggering 96.8 million ... and that's in a country with a total population of about 60 million! That is surely encouraging. And the detail of the books and authors borrowed is, I think, equally surprising and positive. People borrow books very differently from the way that they buy books. Take a look at the list of the top four hundred most borrowed authors in that year - http://www.plr.uk.com/mediaCentre/mostBorrowedAuthors/top250Authors/2010-2011Top400Authors.pdf
I absolutely LOVE the Prima Marketing Almanac line, and have enjoyed and used up every little scrap I had.
I loved Asher and Devin. Who wouldn't love these two angels?
I noticed an inferior car ahead of me which was not only in the BMW Lane of my motorway,
Sound familiar? Certainly it has happened to me.
The second trade was with Nick at Dime Box. We have made few trades and this was a quick PWE trade. He pulled the Matt Cain green mini from Gypsy Queen and sent it my way and included a nice Willie McCovey insert. I have decided to go all in on Gypsy Queen and try and complete all the parallels of the Giants. Let me know if you have any for trade. I will try and get a want list posted under my parallel tab soon.
Without telling Sunday who he really is, he begins to pursue her as the prince he is. The romance between the two would leave you grinning like a fool. Rumbold is very sweet to Sunday and Sunday has one of the biggest hearts I've seen in most characters lately. Though their feelings seem to be going somewhere, there are still secrets about their families that each of them must uncover in order to move forward.
No time to post recipes, but may I remind you of one from long ago, slow roast tomatoes? If you´re in a place, like Madrid, where it is possible to come back from the market with arms groaning under the weight of ripe beautiful tomatoes bought for a few coins, you have to make it.
In that novel, he wrote about West Texas, the drought of the 1950s, and the cowboys and the cattle that suffered under the brutal onslaught of heat, wind, and no rain. Today, I felt that same suffering as I filled up the cattle troughs with well water – the scorching sun making it uncomfortable just standing in the straw-dry grass. I glanced around and saw mostly rocks in the pasture – very little in the way of grass or brush that the few cows I have could eat. There’s several burros too – not much for them to eat either. The big round bale of hay is dry as sand, but they all chew on it – occasionally.
Come, let’s gather
I am a woman of God. Fearfully and wonderfully made in His image.
We played the very simple rpgKids game which was perfect for Jack's level of understanding and experience. It's a very nice little package with four great adventures, maps, character counters and everything needed.
So the other evening as it was getting late, I noticed him just staring forward, not moving a muscle. Usually, if I would have called his name - he would have come running...because any opportunity to be pet is foremost on this cat's list. But he just stayed...eyes fixated in front. I got a little worried that maybe he was hurt in some way...maybe an animal attacked him - or maybe he was hit by a car...or maybe he was just waiting for something to pop out of a little hole which was about one foot directly in front of him.
I’m about to confess something….I watch Glee. Please don’t judge me. But in my recent viewing of Glee, well really in any viewing of Glee, you come to the realization that there are several things happening: something serious that the show addresses and something that is overly dramatic (that shouldn’t be) that the show either addresses comically or seriously. And sometimes the writers poorly write too many issues into one episode instead of spreading them out for a season (which you can actually criticize them for writing issues into plot points that seem forced in the first place, but that’s besides the point). While I’m watching this episode, I’ve come to the realization that some of the characters make a big hairy deal over some things that are just not that important. While at the same time, there is actual pain occurring in the “more” serious issue for someone else.
would make sense to represent the songs we still play as we play them now,
Wyeast 3711 French Saison 1.5 qt starter
It’s limpid to see how this incident has made many people of all ethnicities, especially African Americans frustrated and exasperated that justice has not been served in Trayvon’s case. I understand the anger, it angers me as well; I see the reasoning behind marches and inveighing. But where were these marches for the million dead Iraqis, the innocent families eradicated by drones, where were these marches when our very own government funded terrorist groups that killed 40,000 Black Libyans, or the hundreds of thousands of injustices that never see national attention? I know it’s easier to relate to Trayvon’s case because it’s so close to home, but million of injustices are never fought.
I’ve had the paint for two weeks and have said every day for two weeks that I’m going to paint the ceiling…and you can see that hasn’t happened.
Two Tshwane Metro Council employees were asked to leave the Cabana Pub and Restaurant shortly after sitting down because "no blacks are allowed" in the restaurant.
Rawlings All American Wheeled Player Bag
When Barack Obama met Genevieve Cook in 1983 at a Christmas party in New York’s East Village, it was the start of his most serious romance yet. But as the 22-year-old Columbia grad began to shape his future, he was also struggling with his identity: American or international? Black or white? Drawing on conversations with both Cook and the president, David Maraniss, in an adaptation from his new Obama biography, has the untold story of the couple’s time together.
It is this 'energy' of horses that not only attracts the 'inner warrior,' but also the needy personality - because this energy heals. In the modern world horses attract strong human female energy - it is amazing to see how many women/girls are attracted to horses. This is not because of neediness, but because of a life long suppression of the 'inner warrior' within women by fearful societies across the world.
You know, I actually like Budweiser, and this looks and smells a lot like it. Bright yellow with strong carbonation and a fizzy white head. Strong adjunct grain smell.
Now, where will I be able to hang them so they don't drip all over my floor? A final look at the skeins in the next post.
The graphics are amazing. If you have a good computer. Mine is not. I had to set everything to low and turn off all the special settings and the game still lagged a bit. The screenshots of the game set on high look great though. Lots of shiny, glowy things.
Sustained on coffee, donut and sweat for free
They will tell you their divine forefathers came from another realm beyond the sky, crossing the gulf between worlds in a ship of immense proportion and grand design, bringing with them the people that would populate the world, and this is accurate…though perhaps not in the way the skalds imagine.
4.Bone wax(Horsely’s) consisting of bees wax 7 parts by weight,olive oil 2 parts and phenol 1 part is packed in to the surgical wound.This helps in controlling the haemorrhage
by Ralph Giordano
In the ‘Section TV Entertainment Relay’ of the day, the wedding of Lee Sung Bae and Tak Ye Eun, the interview with Lee Sun Gyun, and the ranking of the actors with variety skills were among the news presented.
No new outbreaks occurred after Jacob ordered that all drinking water be boiled. The Wheelers and the Jones rushed to catch up with the wagon train, but discovered that it had been attacked by Cheyenne warriors. All of the emigrants had been wiped out, aside from Naomi, who first became a captive and later, a wife of a Cheyenne chief Prairie Fire (Jay Tavare). The Wheelers and the Jones families were also attacked by Cheyenne warriors. They managed to repulse the attack, but Jacob ended up seriously wounded by an arrow in his chest. The surviving emigrants tried to move on with a wounded Jacob, but the juts and bumps of the trail made it impossible for him to endure the pain. Instead, he insisted that Thunder Heart Woman, Jethro, Mr. Jones and the children continue west to California without him, since he would only prevent them from crossing the Sierra Nevada Mountains before winter. They left him behind with great reluctance.
Love with purpose,
Besides, if fair-minded political observers want to complain about an institution taking too much time off, I’d recommend looking away from the White House and towards the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue.
I have this awesome and highly little entertaining pattern that I live: Just when my life is starting to feel good, peaceful, full of love and stuff that smells curiously like joy, I create a killer drama to get me all jaded. Now, because I have become a mini Buddha rock, this can no longer be a mini drama. It has to be a big Kahuna to throw me off my rock of Godly peace. So, just when I was starting to feel that maybe life was actually a lovely peaceful thing for me to deliciously inhale one sweet, gentle day at a time, with love pouring out of it tirelessly, I created some weird arsed Peruvian bug mystery to throw Agatha Christie and created a pseudo housing ‘crisis’.
And Penny too.
This is a another page for my nephew's album, he just turned 2 last week! I love this picture of the 3 of them with the elk head my brother got hunting this fall.
lint all were removed to Chikwaka Reserve in 1931.
Char Gen Guidelines/Setting:
which makes it even more stressful for this momma.
“Luigi’s Pizzeria has always been known as the pizza shop around the corner that the community can depend on to provide high quality slices and pies to residents, students, local churches, as well as to me when in need of a snack after a long work-day. The restaurant will continue to provide delicious Italian food in honor of its founder, a big-hearted man remembered for making sure that locals were fed, regardless of the money in their pockets,” said Council Member James.
2.- TNT - Produced by Domingo
In a story inspired by true events, Sam, a twenty-something, fast-talking salesman, is tasked with fulfilling his estranged father’s last wishes—delivering an inheritance to a sister he never knew he had. Starring Chris Pine, Elizabeth Banks, Olivia Wilde and Michelle Pfeiffer, PEOPLE LIKE US opens in theaters June 29.
They both nod to each other and she fiddles with the chain.
That was not much of a defense, the deputies decided, and they got permission to search the couple’s residence. They found a bong with marijuana residue, according to the report, and they then asked Smith and Moore if they would agree to a drug test.
See everybody on Sunday for a new edition of StudioScapes.
Wembley has been tagged as our gladiatorial ground, Arsenal it’s time to bring on the rain to end the drought.
I chose Project Management.
3. Do you read much Australian crime fiction? Can you give us a few standouts that you've read recently? What do you think of the current state of the Australian crime fiction scene?
Sweet Mother is updated daily. If you’d like to follow this blog, you can do so by clicking the handy button at the top of the page.
I'll love you in buckskin
Let's get right to it, k!?
Firstly the packaging. Some people hate this because it's OTT and tacky and quite sickly, however this is basically my style so i really like it. I'm not too keen on the pinky-purple colour and would prefer to see it on a plain bubblegum, neon or magenta pink, however i still think it's very pretty. People have said it looks like the Mac Heatherette packaging or a vibrator, which it does, but i don't care, i still think it's nice and fun and not too similar to the Heatherette packaging to just be a copy. However, perhaps because i'm an artist myself and know lots of other graphic designers, or perhaps just beause i'm being hyper critical, there are lots of small problems that irritate me.
REQUEST
1. Microwave orange candy melts and a 1/4 cup of the shortening. Microwave in 30 seconds intervals, stirring each time, until melted.
Week 8 at Detroit: Matt Flynn will get another look at the defense he torched for 480 yards and six touchdowns in last seasons’ week 17 game. Seattle’s defense picked off Matt Stafford five times in the teams’ last matchup in 2009, winning 32-20.
With her exuberant prose and exquisite sensitivity to the natural world, Diane Ackerman engages us viscerally in the lives of the zoo animals, their keepers, and their hidden visitors. She shows us how Antonina refused to give in to the penetrating fear of discovery, keeping alive an atmosphere of play and innocence even as Europe crumbled around
Jack Wagner got all 8s for his samba with Anna. His memorable year was last year when his daughter showed up in his life and told him he was her birth father. No details or anything, but he was touched by it and thrilled to have her in his family. She and his other children were there cheering him on. Apparently she bounded in before a concert and told him. That's a lot to deal with any time but right before going on stage! I wonder more about all this. Jack and Anna danced to one of his songs, which I'm not familiar with. Actually, I don't know who he is. Just read his bio and know why. I never watched General Hospital or Melrose Place. That explains it. (24)
I'm also having trouble accessing Mediafire, which according to them has been restricted by my ISP. Please let me know how this host is working for you all. And please let me know which other hosting sites I should check out. I'm feeling that Music Bloggers might be an endangered species...
What is the point of carrying a gun publicly? That is why we hire Police to protect our streets. Residents don’t need to Man their own roads and protect the general public.
- carrot
- LOTR. Even though I have my opinions on the change to the primary climax of the three books / movies, overall Peter Jackson did a better job than anyone else could have. Of that I'm certain. He took some major risks, not the least of which was shooting all three movies at once. The things that work in these films far outweigh the flaws. I own them all on DVD, have watched them repeatedly, and will watch them all again.
After last week’s Dair kiss, things are a bit awkward. It’s so interesting when all of the relationships on this show are up in the air. Anyway, in order to salvage her and Serena’s friendship, Blair is hell-bent on demonstrating she is strictly friends with Lonely Boy. Apparently, when Blair is in LOVE, she avoids the person like the plague. I never thought of that but that’s kind of true. Good thinking Serena! (There’s a sentence I never thought I’d write!) Blair then decides to spend the day with Dan at the stage/fake play of his book, where coincidence! Lola is playing Blair’s part. Of course, immediately after arriving, Blair starts to make fun of everyone there. The bit about the headband was particularly well –thought out! The two “friends” bicker and annoy the crap out of each other all day (you know, the usual) until Blair has to kiss Dan to prove to him that the previous kiss was just a fluke. Who would have thought the kiss would turn out to be so HOT! But alas, Blair is not convinced… Until, Dan has to go when he receives a call that his new manuscript has been erased…
2. Tomorrow I finish a 55 hour week at work.
It seems like over the last 10 years, I have gone after the newness and when that is gone, I move on or create conflict so that the other person will do the moving on and I don’t have to take the blame.
Moving on to my birthday… Erm, actually, the day before my birthday. It’s a tradition in my family to surprise the birthday celebrator (?) with a cake and have them blow out their birthday candles and eat cake at midnight (when we’d honestly rather be asleep on the weekdays) but seeing as everyone had to wake up A LOT earlier than usual the next day, I blew out my candles after dinner.
Reality is proved by the appearance. A foreigner does not need to look in the mirror he knows what he is and as his kind try to take our territory off us their children are brought up in their own culture and start to form rival communities to ours. The tradition is the content : events take place in history like Trafalgar or Ombdurman and we respect them and keep them going in celebrations and it becomes the content: it adds to the existing tradition giving us a scaffold as it were to structure our lives and culture. We keep them alive in our minds and they give us strength and confidence. We depend on the appearance to perceive the reality. The idealist notion that reality lies behind the appearance is not accessible to empirical investigation.
ha ha just kidding...
Caroline Reid, Head of Learning and Teaching
TV and movies can be valuable, but I think that we are neglecting a very important channel that we can use for these ongoing discussions and common experiences. That channel is books. The problem is that for us to really have a shared experience, we have to read what they are reading, or at the very least, ask them about what they are reading.
3. I never wear shoes. Well, I wear them to stores and to church and such because of the "No shirt, no shoes, no service" signs, but I never ever wear them at home, outside, or at friends' houses. In fact, when the newspaper people came out to my house to interview me, I wasn't wearing shoes. I especially dislike uncomfortable heels. I wore Converse hightops for my wedding. Barefoot and pregnant - yep, that's me. Except that I'm not pregnant now. Really.
My kids are freak’en awesome. Here are a few quick stories from our six-year-old Jackson that made us proud this week…
11:00am. I was now on a long-distance bus that slowly maneuvered the many miles of capital city sprawl. Destination: the city of Oruro an easy three hours south. I hoped to arrive by 3:30pm in order to catch the train to Uyuni, a dusty town that bordered the world’s largest salt flat. Plenty of time, I thought ignoring the Van Dam movie explosions and gun clicks on the mounted TVs. Soon my world was a Radiolab podcast that comically explored the topic of chance. “What are the odds that somebody somewhere will win the lottery twice?…In Connecticut, employees of a place called Shuttle Meadow Country Club, they won twice. A man in Pennsylvania he won twice a few years later. A California retiree won a Fantasy Five and the Super Lotto in the same day. The odds of that were calculated at 1 in 23.5 trillion.” I fell asleep, cheek against the cold glass, slot machine numbers and the ghost of Butch Cassidy galloping in the distance.
Mats Björk: psychedelic sound engineering
My daughter in law was recently at our local Target store and witnessed a funny yet amazing moment I just had to share. The store was totally packed with Mother's trying desperately to gather all of their kids school supplies. With many of these Mom's were just as many kids, and their siblings who weren't happy about the process.There isn't anything more stressful than shopping to the sounds of screaming and crying kids,most of us have experienced this with our own. I'm not sure who it's more stressful for the parents or the shoppers lucky enough to get out without their own fussy brood.
Until I tried to use that reasoning with Justin. He didn't buy it and said it wasn't true. Thanks, hon.
The man in the wheelchair was the politician Ron Paul, he looked & seemed a bit older to me, and I remember him talking to me about politics & other things in his usual way as I helped him use the electric lift to reach the floor; but his wheelchair flipped over once we reach the floor, and I thought that Mr. Paul was seriously injured & so I felt bad for not being able to stop it from flipping, but he was okay as I helped him up & as I picked up his wheelchair, to my surprise.
This week, I learned a new card game: cacheta (pronounced: kahshetta), also known as pife (pronounced: peefy). I’m still a rookie, so I’m going to get some things wrong here. This first thing I noticed is that the game is very similar to Gin, except it’s played with two full decks, and usually more than two players. Each player gets 9 cards, instead of 10, and runs/sets have to be exactly three cards (except if you go out with 10 cards, then one can be a group of four cards). I did alright in the game. I lost. But, you know, I had fun. The dealer also turns a card up before the game begins. This card signifies the joker (curinga). If a 10 of clubs appears, the Jack of clubs is the joker. If a three of spades appears, the four of spades is the joker, and so on. Since there are two decks, there are always two jokers in the deck. Players take turns drawing a card from the deck or taking the discard from the previous player (and only the previous discard is available). Just like Gin, first one to go out wins. You can go out with 9 cards, by discarding, or you can go out with 10 cards by using the previous discard as your tenth card (in which case you can have a group of four cards in your hand — 4 fours or 5,6,7,8 or whatever). You get double points (10 points for a 9 card win, 20 points for a 10 card win) going out with 10. Scoring is a little difficult, but basically you play with 7 dimes. After every round, the winner gets a dime (or two if they have a 10-card win). Once all the dimes are gone, the top scorer wins. If there’s a tie, those players play to win the dimes of the other players. The losers sit out and watch. It’s a fast and fun game. Surely twists exist and scoring could be different. What I want to know is, what does pife and cacheta taste like? And where do you get bottles of these liquors?
The truth is, I probably would.
Bruce Bussell is the founder of Hearts Fod God Christian Ministry which is designed to bring people closer to God through the study of His angels. A free newsletter all about angels is offered. You can check out Hearts For God at www.heartsforgod.com.
A decade after her namesake film came out, in which she was played by Julia Roberts, the real Ms Brockovich returns to the big screen in a new documentary.
By the time I finally got outside, it was 1:45 and my dad was upset. I felt so bad, but I really needed to get those pieces!
Tapper: and your poll numbers plummeted
65. Nathan Haines - FM (4:41)
So if anyone ever utters that phrase – You just need to do more research – tell them this:
On the domestic-vs-foreign front, invention patents accounted for over 85 percent in each year's foreign applications since 2005, while domestic applications for invention patents accounted for 26 percent during the same period.
I look like I hadn’t quite figured out how to even wear a pair of shorts. I didn’t know how to tie my sneakers either, but she did, so she could help me with that.
Oh, my sweet fancy Moses.
Some time later, as we were nearing Glennallen, the Wrangell-St Elias mountain range came into view and it was gorgeous!
They may seem like friendly members of the family but cats can be ferocious hunters and a threat to native animals.
Get ready to improve your mood quickly. Hold a watch with a second hand and time yourself. You will have ten seconds for each of the seven parts of this exercise. Within seventy seconds you should be feeling better. My mood is my responsibility, and your mood is also up to you. I tend to be negative and depressed sometimes. The HappyU exercise helps me to change my mood from sour to sweet!
This finding should signal the end for these wooden stakes. Aintree will have to come up with a way of building those famous fences around a material which has sufficient give to keep bones intact.
In the back of my mind, I keep thinking that the first 5K I ever ran is one that I want to run again this year. And I'd love to run it better than the first time and better than the second time.
What is it about Sundays that just make them so yucky?
Best of all, you can use this gift certificate on any of my upcoming promotions.
Clean rabbit’s littler box. Pet rabbit. Feed rabbit some greens and a carrot.
The American Angus Association is the nation’s largest beef organization, serving 30,000 members across the United States and Canada. It provides programs and services to farmers, ranchers and others who rely on the power of Angus to produce quality genetics for the beef industry and quality beef for consumers.
Lt. Col. Jerry Don Dickerson, 41, Durant, Miss.
Recently a reader emailed in with their story after reading about the action you can take in serving a notice in response to a PCN (See more on that here).
Our desktop (say that slowly with me now, children: “desktop”) computer has been with us many years. The way this machine behaves, you’d think it was a thrift store find, but my husband assures me we bought it retail, at about the time the Russians sold Alaska to the United States of America. I am now typing on newer technology: a laptop that was manufactured circa Alaska gaining statehood (we’re the 49th state, in case you were wondering).
We plan on doing a lot more than just sending out postcards together. We plan on expanding our communities knowledge of the opportunities that exist in the Children's Market beyond Children's books. But I'll talk more about that in part 2 of this article!!! Until then feel free to browse our website and give input! We'd love to hear from you!
( only for family visits )
“Well, as I remember it, Mr. Baines was the chair of the local draft board. He was a businessman of some means and well-positioned to sway the other members’ opinions, quite the literal first among equals. Then one day he tried to use that power, much to his sorrow.”
Announcing that it would review the constitutionality of the so-called ObamaCare program, the Kangaroo (supreme) Court has agreed to examine, among other things, whether the individual mandate to buy government-defined “insurance” or the coverage by the states is UNconstitutional.
16:00: Questions begin with Dr Chaouachi answering Frank Davis in the comments here. He cites the ban in Syria and predict that the ban wil be lifted there soon as it has caused social unrest and that there are huge protests against it. He said a ban in Iran was introduced and had to be lifted to. He believes tobacco control will meet strong resistance in muslim countries.
Regardless of who your sponsor is or who is impacted by you cancelling its unfortunately you who is at the greatest disadvantage by cancelling your GDI account and its ultimately you who is responsible for the success or cancellation of your GDI business. Think carefully and consider what you gain as well as what you lose by cancelling your GDI account and make whatever decision is best for you.
They walk along the street, heads down and nodding like their necks are busted.
Again, like Aristotle, de Tocqueville seemed to recognize that when one group of people get a hold of the government they vote themselves and their government into oblivion. Cronyism (which has NOTHING to do with capitalism, really it’s closer to socialism in form, so the term crony capitalism is just stupid) has shown us how this is true in one case, the bankrupting of every state and the federal government has shown the other extreme to also be true. (I don’t think even Aristotle or de Tocqueville could have imagined such a hideous hydra as one where the very rich and very poor conspire together to bleed the middle class dry). But the fact of the matter is that we haven’t had a president or Congress that hasn’t played to one if not both of these since Coolidge. So what do we need now, we need a leader who is going to tell both groups, which are hell-bent on destroying our civilization, to go to hell.
I baked the piecrust for only about 15 minutes and then froze it. However, when it was finished, the outside edges were a bit hard so I'm wondering if I overcooked it.
A long time ago when I was a kid around my kids age, my dad was here. He worked for the Coast Guard here on Alameda and I never really knew about his life here or what it was like. My father passed away in 2007 and by that time I hadn’t talked to him in 10 years. I’m hoping to connect with him again in a way that will rekindle things that I loved about him as well as express that to my own kids.
One of my beers will be featured on an upcoming episode of the BGP (Beer Genome Project). Done by a few friend's I have met through the awesome internet home brew community. Check it out at http://beergeno.me/. I will post more info when that episode is out. Finally I had a chance to help out Ken and Brad with the Three Floyd's Beer Dinner episode of Hopcast. You can check them out here, http://www.hop-cast.com/.
sweat discreetly. They mostly look like the examples here: I've also found a great selection of them at Ulta - though not many on the website, mostly in the stores. Attach a pin or a flower, and I'm good to go.
The good news is that tomorrow we celebrate our 16th wedding anniversary. As cheesy as it sounds I love Mr. LC more intensely than I ever have and I honestly cannot imagine my life without him. I am lucky. This I know. He took tomorrow off so we'll pal around all day, have our regular gig at the shelter, and then (though it feels weird to go from shelter meal-serving to eating out) go have a nice dinner together. We don't do gifts but we do make homemade cards and it's always a contest to see who can outdo the other...he always wins :)
And that was it. With those few words, my world was changed. I was expecting to see my little baby squirming around, hear a beautiful, strong heartbeat, and possibly even be able to start figuring out a name for him or her. What happened instead was that my worst fears were confirmed, and I understood why I hadn’t felt enough movement, why I hadn’t been gaining quite as much weight as usual. I found out that my baby was dead.
Finally, the method was considered a "computer program as such" despite of being technical. The reason is that the hurdle of headnote 2 of dynamische Dokumentengenterierung was not taken. The latter requires that the method/the computer program is either "determined by technical features outside the computer or that the program accounts for the technical restrictions of the computer".
2.) Make (something) more attractive by the addition of decorative details or features such as blue silk embellished with golden embroidery.
FALLING SKIES focuses on the resilience of the survivors and their determination to maintain their humanity when all else has been destroyed. It is a tale of endurance, commitment and courage in which everyday people are called upon to become heroes. They may be outmatched, outnumbered and outgunned, but nothing can beat the human spirit. Most of all, the series is about the ties that bind people together in the most difficult of circumstances.
Lee will be returning to the small screen as the male lead of MBC’s King2hearts with Ha Ji Won as his co-star. The drama will be airing as a follow-up to The Sun and The Moon in March.
In my mind, I think I can do it ALL, somehow... Just get me out of this DAMN CHAIR!
"Gawd, I am SO TIRED," he says.
Jeff and I have been frustrated lately. Our family hasn't felt much like a team. We go to work, the kids go to school. The kids have fun, we work hard all day. We come home and the kids immediately start demanding food and drinks and more. So our last topic of business was a refresher on basic house rules- respecting each other. Patience, respect, listening.
-Excuses Fat People Make – “I may be big, but I’m actually only 7% body fat!” Oh yeah? Well, you’re also 58% chocolate cake, so shut your sausage pit.
Won a Zak DeOssie jersey from work. Moral of the story, if you enter a pool at work and you think there’s no chance you’ll win and the grand prize is any NFL jersey you want. You might win. So as a gag don’t put down the worst player you can think of, or else you’ll have to deal with a bunch of drunk people at a sports bar consistently asking you, “Who’s DeOssie?”
0:25: Does anyone see the point of spelling “bananas”? Is he referencing a Gwen Stefani song from six years ago in an infomercial? This video just went into deep waters really quick.
The adults were nestled all snug in their beds,
I second everything that Drew said. So I guess that it goes without saying that I'm thrilled silly to have a front row seat to witness a nation of the verge of political upheaval and economic collapse, a world that teeters on the brink of yet another violent conflict that breeds future generations of jihadists, and a world stricken by natural disasters that could amount to millions of deaths.
You’re there to cheer them on when they handle difficult situations well.
Acts 27:4, Part 1
Passing through light
4. “I love you” or “I'm sorry you have to go through this” (Honest expression of emotions are a powerful gift).
The problem of moral luck can be simply stated: what role should luck play in the moral assessment of someone’s actions, accomplishments, failures, achievements and so on? Luck can be roughly defined as any action, event or state of affairs that is outside the control of the person being assessed. In his analysis of the issue, Nagel identified four main varieties of moral luck. They are (taken from the SEP article):
No. No, it was none of those things. It was that my boss had seen me doing a massive project that hadn't been assigned to me. The person it had been assigned to is, excuse me, out of her league on this one. And I could do it. It was giving me a headache and making me hate life, but I could do it faster than anyone else I could think of. And I didn't mind doing it.
And then, all of a sudden Mike disappears.
heart is totally surrendered to Him and ready to receive His grace? The thought
Sleep comes more softly
After dinner last night, Eric went out of his way to stop by Starbucks. He wanted to replace a mug of mine that he broke last month. I love ceramic travel mugs. While they don't sell the one that broke anymore, Eric picked out exactly what I would have chosen.
Akari Shinohara: The speed at which the sakura blossom petals fall… five centimeters per second.
–I started the year out in Vicksburg, Mississippi, where I got to know Linda Fondren, an inspiring (and fun!) woman who’s whipping that town into shape. For six years now, Mississippi has ranked as the most obese state in the nation. Fondren decided to do something about that. Two years ago, she issued a challenge to the city of Vicksburg: Lose 17,000 pounds in 17 weeks. She got the whole town on board–the mayor, the aldermen, the chief of police, teachers and the list goes on. She began monthly walks to encourage people to get out and about (which is not easy in Vicksburg, a city with hardly any sidewalks). She had weigh stations set up in spots across town (Wal-Mart, storage facilities, gyms, etc). She got the hospital on board to provide free health screenings. And by the end of 17 weeks, the town was thinner … by 15,000 pounds. What many people saw as a success (huge weight loss!), Fondren saw as a failure. She hadn’t met her goal, and she wasn’t ready to throw in the towel. So she kept at it. Now, two years later, the town has shed a collective 30,000 pounds. I wrote an in-depth feature story about Linda and her impact, which will appear in Southwest Airline’s Spirit Magazine in April.
So. Then I started wandering with a guy alum friend (who doesn’t get a name because the odds of him getting mentioned again are slim… we aren’t that close) to his old dorm because I had nothing better to do till blues started and when he heard Ai had broken up with me and I was still stupid-in-love with him, he wanted to show me something.
Seriously, I had to revert to seeing a doctor at the emergency room the other day when I spent the day there with my son, and I've been popping pills like candy ever since. Can't help but feel like they're simply a bandaid solution though...
Assistant Commandant, U.S. Marine Corps (‘02–‘05)
"Aren’t you going crazy, though? At least a little bit? Referring to yourself in the third person? Writing about yourself as though you were a character?" I asked.
1. Place the ingredients in a food processor and process until smooth.
In a million years nothing could have prepared the both of them for what they saw when they opened the door to the house with smoke coming out of its chimney. There was only one room, and in that room there was a lady, woman, and there was a rope, well she was hanging from the rafters by the rope. The boy knew she was dead, I don’t know if the child knew it. She saw food on the table, and went for it. She sat at that table, his little angel and gulped down that food with the dead woman dangling overhead. It is as if she did not see her. It is as if she did not care. The boy still stood at the door, wondering what life had become, wondering if the Irish god was punishing them for something. After she was done eating, his little angel made her way next to the dying fire and promptly fell asleep. She was home.
she floats like a swan grace on the water
Why have a platonic relationship?
After Martha spoke a few gracious words, we all settled into breakfast... I chose the popover entree, which is also featured in her new book. What a wonderful way to begin a very long Friday!
“And the person has the right and ability to move by the scale of gunas in both directions.
9) Women of valor at Truett Seminary I can’t help but smile to myself when I think about the fact that over the next ten years, those who think that women should be banned from church leadership will have to contend with the talents and enthusiasm of these women of valor!
Owen/Cristina: After last episode’s cliffhanger, we find out that Cristina has been icing Owen out for a week, not speaking to him at all. He and Meredith work together tonight, and he asks her to try and talk to Cristina, using the hideous excuse of “It was just sex.” Meredith is aghast and angrily advises him to stop talking. The two have an awkward time in the operating room, with Bailey witnessing the tension. It turns out, as Meredith tells Owen, that Cristina hadn’t even told her about the infidelity, which Meredith assumes means that Cristina hopes to eventually forgive him and didn’t want her Twisted Sister to hate her husband.
And the thunder of calls and notes.
61. Slow fire ah boil hard cow-heel. If you persevere you can make great accomplishments.
So the easy and tasty pazham kurukku is ready ..we can use this as a quick dessert in a busy day..U can serve this as hot or cold.
1. Send a fax to your mother.
also to further clarify his remarks as he sees fit, in the light of my
Here's a close-up of the closet (details below) :
Yes. My real name is Jillian, but most people in person call me Jill or Jilly. My brothers call me Bird. I’m a little startled sometimes, when people call me Jillian out loud, because most of the time only teachers call me that. It doesn’t bother me though! I like the name; I just rarely hear it.
As soon as I saw the gorgeous cover for DESTINED months ago, I emailed Jessie Harrell and practically begged her to move up her publication date. Unfortunately, she couldn’t do that . . . but I was quick to pounce on her offer to review an ARC. See, I have a semi-obsession with Greek Mythology retellings and what I loved so much about DESTINED is the fresh new couple, Psyche and Eros. Not knowing much about their original myth, I was ready to be swept away by their love story and eagerly dove in.
...or I surely would have blown my brains out. (Hyperbole. Check.)
A diagram of cognitive dissonance theory. Dissonance reduction can be accomplished in various ways, broadly including the addition of more, consonant elements, or else changing the existing elements. (Photo credit: Wikipedia)
I was invited to take part in a panel at Kingston University for their Green Growth, Business BootCamp. The aim of the sessions is to address the increasing need to develop environmentally more friendly products and services and help enterprises & entrepreneurs make the most of the opportunities created by increasing consumer demand, resource costs, and regulatory controls in the eco-field.
Step 4: Once your wallpaper is up, start to smooth it out with your Wallcovering Smoothing Tools. This will truly adhere the wallpaper to the wall and give you a smooth surface/finish. The ooey-gooey glue will start to come out the sides (as seen in the picture above)
Our cross bottles are for decorative purpose only, and all finials are soldered onto each bottle - the tops are not removable.
– Southern Conference tournament semifinal appearances since 1985: 1
Here in the DC area, today is sunny but the air is cool, and it's a perfect day for a walk.
So maybe those will come sooner rather than later?
So the frequencies have a best fit and now the best fit has words attached to them, so pattern matching patterns fits words together, and the machine then uses a ANN type method to output the best match from the list of possible matches.
Favorite Line: “Oh, this affair is unique / All my life I never met such a freak / She keeps going strong for so long / When I get home, it’s all gone”
Here are Sophia's letters:
- 1 tsp thyme
Hazem Abu Ismail, the latest Presidential candidate put forward by the Islamic Brotherhood in Egypt – has as his not entirely original election slogan, ‘Islam is the Solution’. But Islam doesn’t have the solution to Hazem’s mum. A TV Kor’aan-waving imam, Ismail was the ultra-conservative Salafists’ candidate for the Egyptian presidency. But now his candidacy is over, because it has emerged that his mother – gone to meet Allah these many years since – once applied for a green card to live and work in the United States.
And some far-distant childhood time
I began writing professionally in 2006, and was busy learning the business from the ground, up. I quickly realized how word of mouth can be one of the greatest marketing tools, especially if you speak occasionally about other attention grabbing topics in everyday life. We, as humans, love listening and voicing our opinions and thoughts on everyday issues, and we love to interact with others to gain info or simply gossip about nothing. We listen when people recommend simple solutions to problems, recipes or the hottest, new movies to see.
The stakes of pre-life agreements
Within 24 hours, eHarmony has sent 25 matches my way whose profiles I have read without having access to pictures. Pictures matter. Dating sites bank on that, hoping you and I will spend more than $40 a month to look at more pictures of people we’ll never marry.
Now comes the hard part- fixing it all up! Something I've always wanted to do and never had the chance. I love make overs and now I'm ready to begin mine.
I used to pride myself on my use of the English language, my ability to keep in contact with people and my track record of maintaining old friendships. Now, if you're not on Fakebook or texting me back, then we probably haven't been chewing the fat for a long while. Even emails seem too much hard work.
How many people help you write your blog?
Goodie Mob performed their new single recently on The Voice. The long awaited reemergence of the legendary group is finally over. After over a decade of dis-membership they join back together to perform this interestingly unique but totally normal performance, when it comes to the Goodie Mob that is. The group known for their extravagant use of obscure and different style in clothing. Beside the perception of appearance, the song, that is sung and performed is very inspirational. Nothing less is expected of cee-lo and his cast. The album “Age Against The Machine” is expected to be released sometime later in the year.
1. The youth SONrise service was quite frankly one of the best worship experiences I’ve had in my life…period. Thought you should know.
And long for earthly riches
I forgive myself that I haven’t accepted and allowed myself to trust myself and my common sense but I placed all value in knowledge of others assuming that it is real
seasons a the snow, teaching at an amazing little school.
Ultimately, the people of Malaysia – both living in the country and overseas – must step forward and show the world that a regime change was what they wanted. This then will be the final death knell and disgrace for UMNO – an end that it is unlikely to ever be able to recover from.
Michael Richards won 3 Emmy Awards for his role as Kramer.
With regard to what, three years from now, will you look back ((at RIGHT NOW)) and say, “I should have been doing X back in 2012<U+2033>?
Paper: Stampin' Up Designer Paper Beau Chateau, Doodlebug Glitter Paper
“Marge, what are you doing here... In there?”
I chose to use pale, olive green transferware plates under these beautiful lavender transferware plates just to show how versatile it all can be. I also thought just a little touch of this green would compliment the lavender. These lavender plates have such a pretty border. They are by Grindley , entitled Scenes After Constable using John Constable's paintings as inspiration for the engravings. I did a post about this if you want to read more or see more in this pattern HERE. I've got a couple of these plates in my Etsy shop as well.
8) Black Evangelicals, White Evangelicals, and Franklin Graham’s Repentence They see those 2,000 scriptures about poverty and injustice. And this new generation of white evangelicals is committed to fight systemic and structural justice because of the Gospel.
- If you upload your card to an online gallery, use the code SSC55.
There was beauty to be found in the mangled corpse of what was once Seventy-one, for from this cadaver of a weak-willed woman, she would create a machine of efficiency, power and terror. The others agreed, moving in and tearing at Seventy-one until nothing but the naked essence of her remained. They would finish the job without her.
internal audit department.
Knowing hands traced her face,
I can feel you there
I figured I’d just get a lot of spam make-$800-a-day-from-home offers, though, so I decided not to do that.
Put butter and brown sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment; mix on medium speed until fluffy. Mix in spices and salt, then eggs and molasses. Reduce speed to low. Add flour mixture; mix until just combined. Divide dough into thirds; wrap each in plastic. Refrigerate until cold, about 1 hour.
Garth
Joan is always whining how miserable her life is. She freely admits that she is an “angry” adoptee. She freely admits that she has mental problems. She freely admits that she is constantly in a depressed conditon. She freely admits that she has been in therapy for 30 years. She freely admits that she has a host of medical problems – she was freely talking about her Irritable bowels on the airplane ride to Phoenix Arizona for our brother’s funeral in 2003 – and she was talking about the symptoms – with a stranger – about diarrhea! lol.
I am hoping to continue to incorporate these changes into my lifestyle as much as I can. I am doing well with the exercise and now it is just to work on the food. I find myself analysing everything I am thinking about eating. I have a rough idea of how many calories are in a serving, it is just to reproportion my serving sizes I think.
Speaking of which...I had an extremely vivid dream a few weeks back that I was pregnant. Not only did I have the dream and wake up in a panic...when I fell back asleep, I had the same exact dream again. This dream was SO convincing that I went out and bought pregnancy tests. Whew! This was one time that I wasn't so disappointed to see that lonely one line on the result screen.
Now the truth is that deep down inside we all know the answer. We pretend we don't know, but we know. The answer is that there is no meaning. Our primary job is to turn food into fertilizer.
1 can diced tomatoes
I am FINALLY finished school (for now)... I actually finished on April 12th but have been busy getting ready for school (haha) in June. For those of you who have been following me since I first started blogging and video making... I'm sure you've noticed that I am always complaining about school and how it takes up a lot of my time which keeps me from blogging and making videos regularly. Well, I am officially done my undergrad and will be starting my training at Teacher's College in June in upstate New York! I'm super excited and have been really busy and swamped with getting my student visa/registration/paper work done in time -- everything is moving really fast!
Sheikh Al-Qaradhawi Sermon on Qatar TV: The Arabs Must Obtain, But Not Use, Weapons of Mass Destruction- Nuclear, Chemical, And Biological – “In Order to Strike Terror In The Hearts of Our Enemies”
April 22 - Draca welcomes guest dancers Sabrina, Lala, Dalilah, and Tehani and her student dance ensemble to dazzle you with some great bellydancing moves.
* Human Resources Manager-Recruiter
Egg banana bread next. This would be perfect treat for Easter Morning.
“Then why do you want to raise the stakes, Charlie?”
Me: Umm, yes baby, I'm driving...I have to be awake.
The black flag is said to be flying over the building alongside the Libyan national flag.
Mario Ambit 1 0:50:688
Again...you don't know me. You have read some of my struggles but have no idea about the state of my mental health, which I assure you is just fine. I have encountered a LOT of heartache in life and have learned to cope and lean hard on the Great Comforter. The baby's mother knows my entire history and I have shared my blog with her and with the worker doing my study, I am mentally and emotionally stable, and I am honest about my struggles and I deal with them instead of trying to hide them or be ashamed of the fact that I am not perfect. We all struggle, I will be honest, I thought this was a low blow. I do not have mental health issues, but shaming people who do is what leads to deaths like my mom's. She knew she'd be judged like this and so she never shared. I am a bit of a germaphobe and kind of a neat freak, but my closest friends will attest to the fact that I am NOT having the same issues my own mom had.
Suddenly it was all coming together. My Patron Saint's Feast Day, early in my cycle. St Gianna's Feast Day. January 25th. The texts and emails I've received from SEVERAL blogger friends this cycle, epxressing their thoughts and prayers for me out of nowhere, since I had not written or talked about my "cycle" on my blog in a long time.
Thanks in advance for your support! Stay Sweet!
Your party guests will have worked up an appetite by this point. The birthday Amazon Princess can now lead them to the feast table.
02. She Loves My Automobile – 2:22
* Participating in other development-related activities, when
The other message was a list of things that Jesus would have been willing to die for and it is as follows:
Then, things happened and eventually our situation was brought to court. We had joint custody and it was horrible to leave Little One with him and then he tried to gain custody and get out of child support. He eventually said he didn't want to pay so I can just have custody. Wow. To hear that he doesn't even want anything to do with Little One or me was just so painful but I was glad because now we could move on and I haven't been happier since.
As I closed in on the finish line I saw Holly standing off to the side. "Come on, Erin!" she screamed. "Fast feet! Fast feet!"
They offer two styles of scrub tops and scrub pants for women and multiple colors for all men in the medical field or beyond. The fabric they used is soft, wrinkle-resistant fabric.
I have learned to lower my expectations of my children’s grades, especially when they are viewable daily online. A recent conversation made me realize I was striving for unattainable perfection in them. I will accept the reality that my kids are putting in extra effort, some subjects are easier for them to comprehend, and some interest them more than others.
I can't really remember what we did throughout the days other then shopping, eating, shopping, eating, shopping then eating again. XD Thanks to our stay at Rainbow hotel again~ Ximending is THE best place to shop IMO~ XD
This weekend half of the grade 12 students packed their bags and headed over to Poondi, Kodai’s camping ground. The weekend was chock full of frisbee, volleyball, archery, rafting, hiking and of course campfires! The food was great, a few chef’s from the school came down with us and cooked our meals over an open fire.
His resume said he was a “self-starter.”
Linking with:
I made this on one of my last days in Canada (yes, I’m back in Denmark), and it was a nice farewell-to-summer treat. Grilled anything puts a smile on my face, and because it seems to be such a seasonal cooking method, the novelty of it plays a significant role in my satisfaction. Hence the reason for throwing not just one, but all the ingredients on the barbeque for a grilling extravaganza only rivaled my dad’s chicken n’ ribs night.
Oh, man! Depends on whether someone's out to get me or not. If they're not, then my computer (or maybe a camera or something). But if they are... heh, then let's go with an airplane.
It was abit bulky though - oops!!
Fully exposed to the addictions around me. No barrier whatsoever.
Deans of Cathedral Churches
If, however, you receive real feedback from an agent that actually sparks something in you or helps you "see the light," for lack of better phrasing, I think it's definitely nice for an agent to hear that her advice was helpful, and something simple is all you need.
Place them on the prepared baking sheets about 2 inches apart and cover with a towel.
One can imagine that The Goog will not be too far behind…
The PM barely rest down the cannisters before objections to her claim began. The Keith exposed her tactics as naked politics, and Colm Imbert, a man I often find annoying, gave a pretty comprehensive explanation as to why he’s not impressed by the oil find. Couple Imbert’s comments with David Renwick’s article about our plummeting crude production situation and the comments from other energy industry heads about the PM jumping the gun on the oil find…not boom Ms Ramdial… and you’ll realise that Kamla is beyond desperate these days. The economy is stagnant. Add that to the TCL strike, on the heels of a 107-day SoE that crippled several industries and markets, and a less than stellar Carnival (don’t let CAL figures about arrivals distract you, Port of Spain’s streets were less crowded this year) and right now, people aren’t seeing any blue skies. So, being the spin and PR machine that they are, the Govt decided to blow the current oil find out of proportion and make it appear as if we turning the bend and soon everyone will be swimming in dollars again. It is economist Dhaneshwar Mahabir who tore Kamla’s claims down to its brass tacks when he announced that 48 million barrels represents about $150m in revenue….when you place that against our annual budget of $50bn….it’s not even a drop in the bucket. When you consider that almost $100m was spent just on Carnival….study yuh head good and ask how many members of the group Kamla keeps calling the “common man” going to really benefit from that oil find. Smoke and Mirrors folks….nothing to see here! We find oil…the solution to every problem….meanwhile the economy, that depending on this plummeting oil production still waiting to be diversified. But when PR music inside yuh brain…you feel no pain. Put yuh canister in the air and wave like yuh mad!
PCC: “I’ve just sweat through my shirt and my pants…I hope people know that it’s just sweat.”
Mild-bodied olive oil
I've been posting my latest book chapter by chapter as I write it, and I've found this very useful. The critters have pointed out a number of things that have saved me lots of further effort down the line if I had waited to post only after completing the book. People seem to be enjoying this book far more than my first, perhaps because thrillers are more popular than Tolkienesque fantasy, but also perhaps because I am a slightly better writer the second time around.
Unless, y’know, you’re throwing out almost all of physics again. That site describes the problem of how do it “economically”, and says that by traditional methods the car “could not recharge from the process quickly enough”, but makes it sound like levels of energy input and output are two separate issues to be improved upon. They don’t seem to mention the thing about needing more than 100% efficiency, which makes recharging from the process “quickly enough” about as likely as being able to run fast enough to overtake your own knees.
It is a bit of a scary passage, isn’t it? This theology that seems so harsh only makes me want to run back into the arms of my Savior and beg Him to sanctify me. I know I am guilty of not loving, not repenting, and disregarding the health of the church. I wonder if America’s lampstand still stands with the others, if Christ still walks among the churches I see around me, and I wonder if I can be held responsible.
Who: Luke
Anyhoo... after a month of working with these young women I have discovered that I'm not only an old farty-fart who is out of touch with popular culture, I'm also a workaholic crank with a sour disposition and little patience for trifflin' bullshit. Yeah. It's a revelation.
And two times two is three and a half;
Q. Is there really a difference in taste between stubbies and cans?
Here’s her contact information:
Alejandro Castano, 35, Englewood, N.J.
Box of gallon freezer bags with the zipper closure (TRUST ME. Get the zippered ones!)
11 Song for the Children
The fellow with the red hat had just given what looked like money to the shirtless gentleman, and received something in exchange which he put in his pocket. I can't testify as to what happened, but I have a pretty good idea. There seem to be a lot of transactions on this street corner.
Peer Associates
I must admit that I received good response on my complaints to the service provider and they were very courteous too.
And finally, without further delay, today's free printable...
The SEC hasn’t disclosed the number of referrals. Only one lawyer has ever been banned for life from representing clients before the agency because of professional misconduct.
Family Room:
I suspect not, as, only a week ago, D&P were thanking Mr Whyte for his co-operation with them (although that was before the tax black hole increased in size by over 50%).
Then on the eve of polling, on Apr 14th , there was another round of payment to the individual voters which is in cash of Rm50.00 or Rm100.00 per voter. In the particular long house Rumah Unban the payment as shown in the video was at RM50.00 per voter.
Because everything dies, baby.
That's more.
Good morning to you all. Yesterday passed in a whirl and Juli looked wonderful in her gown and hood. The procession of graduands were piped into the hall which made for a very moving scene. Here she is just after the ceremony:
Update: Have tried some torpedo since we got back... Herself still rates it "wouldn't have another", I have it down as "a bit rough without being tough, and confused also" and "hint of toilet-duck" So I'm afraid the 6 has to stand. I would have another, but I'd probably try something else rather. I'm probably not a good judge of these yank IPAs so I don't know if you should take my hearty endorsement of the Ballast Point seriously. But I'm planning to buy some of their other stuff on the strength of it.
Burano is certainly the most colourful of the islands. Traditionally, it was the lacemaking island but we saw little evidence of that. It seems to now be a popular holiday island with many lovely restaurants and shops, plus a small fishing industry.
Heat the olive oil in a saucepan that can be placed in the oven and sauté the onions and garlic until softened. Add the herbs and stir for a minute, then add the beans and tomato puree. Season with salt and pepper and mix well. Add a little water or (if used) the passata.
Beyond the Ivory Tower Seminar Series
There is lots of buzz about doing business in China as that huge market has become available to companies large and small. It has its pitfalls, however, and Stephen M. Perl, MS, MBA, an expert in Asia trade, has penned Doing Business with China: The Secrets of Dancing with the Dragon ($19.99, ChinaMart USA Book Publishing, Los Angeles, softcover). It’s estimated that China represents a $10 trillion market that is up for grabs in the next decade. This book is essential reading for any American firm that wants to do business in China. It is a practical, nuts-and-bolts handbook. There are secrets to establishing successful relationships with the Chinese government and business leaders. This book provides an invaluable cultural, political, and business insight from the U.S. perspective and it is not just for CEOs of large companies. Rather, it applies to small companies as well, to entrepreneurs, and is useful for government and private think-tank policymakers, as well as employees, who are doing or planning to do business with China.
39. Scotland has about the same land area as the Czech Republic, the United Arab Emirates, Panama, the US state of Maine, or the Japanese island of Hokkaido.
-rw-r–r– 1 root other 4224 Oct 29 2004 system-308
In Parshat Kedoshim, the verse says, “You shall rebuke your fellow man and do not bear sin because of him.” Rashi explains that rebuking should be done with sensitivity. Do not publicly embarrass the offender. It is both ineffective and immoral, and only puts the sinner on the offensive. In addition, you will have lost the opportunity to bring about change. The Sefer Hachinuch notes that criticism should be delivered privately, with tact and refinement.
I am not jiving you… you MUST watch it!
These strange underwater pyramid structures at a depth of two thousand meters were identified with the help of a sonar according to oceanographer Dr. Verlag Meyer. Studies of other structures like Yonaguni in modern day Japan have allowed scientists to determine that the two giant pyramids, apparently made of something like a thick glass, are really impressive – each of them is larger than the pyramid of Cheops in Egypt.
25If we live in the Spirit, let us also walk in the Spirit.
Alexis continues to struggle with a college choice, torn between Oxford and Stanford. Ultimately she picks Columbia because she realizes that while she wants independence she doesn’t want to be too far away. I have to say I’m happy about this. We need her around for the family centered scenes and case solving eureka moments.
Paper: All CTMH-- Stella patterned paper, Colonial White and Kraft cardstock
Stop SB 759
The boys on display are behind glass walls lining the edges of the hall. Their cages are so narrow that there’s only enough space for them to stand. They can’t move. They can barely breathe. They squint in the white light that shines down on top of their heads. The cages, blue and clear, were made so the slaves can’t see out of them. When they open their eyes, all they can see is a black mirror and a reflection of themselves. That’s what I was told, anyway, but I still feel nervous whenever I walk in front of them. I still feel their eyes following me as I pass them by.
Something bigger?
The police have taken a hands-off approach towards the latest rally with DBKL taking the lead role as it runs the square. The city authorities have just evicted a group of activists calling themselves Occupy Dataran this week, two weeks after they set up a daily camp there.
When we arrived at 11.15am everyone had been waiting around for 45 minutes for Police or Mainroads or someone to come and block the road off. Unfortunately, Police didn’t arrive until 11.30am and cars had been driving through the mess for quite a while. We got some fantastic interviews from two extremely angry people whose cars had around 1-2 inches of tar/gravel attached to their tires. I don’t blame them for being so furious considering how hard a time the workmen were having getting it off the tires. Another woman who didn’t want to go on camera was on work time and her 2-year-old car had scratches down the side of it from where the road had pulled up and scratched it.
fashion media, marketing
On that day, three weeks ago, I told him I was too tired to keep doing this. To tired to keep getting hurt, to keep going around and around.
When Jill was battling cancer, I prayed every day for a miracle to spare her life. I prayed alongside literally hundreds of friends and people who knew and loved Jill. I couldn't understand how my loving and compassionate God could allow such a horrifying thing to happen to such a beautiful person. I couldn't understand how the God I knew could sit there and watch her suffer and die in such an abhorrently terrible way and not do anything about it. And I couldn't understand how the God I knew could ignore all the prayers of all the people who loved her and prayed for her.
www.mashable.com. Best practises in social media
Russia suggests that Austria should leave its little brother alone.
We live in a small fishing village and every year we have a "Blessing of the Fleet" festival. When we had had them about a year, the kids school (I know, they went to school back in the day) had a "Blessing of the Pets" day and Father gave our guinea pigs the shower of a higher spirit.
Realistically lack of knowledge about lifestyle habits and their effects generally isn’t the problem, and neither is lack of employer support. What is the problem is lack of motivation, good role models and a realistic understanding of the consequences of our actions (or inaction).
He’s amazing. He makes me smile and feel so pretty. I want him to be mine for always.
Lush have released another colour supplement in the range which is specially designed with redheads and fair complexions in mind.
When lost in places far from Clifton and Defence, stop and ask the nearest ricksha wala, "Ji, yeh Nipa Chowrangi kidhar hai?" And if you are really desperate, "Saddar kaunsa road jaata hai, bhaiyya?"
1. Two CD sized papersleeve album replicas (one gatefold), with two black inner sleeves.
that was just moved out of here, it did feel small.
Oh! Let me tell you about the lemon water real quick. This is a tip that Leandro posted on the Team Beachbody website. He said that when we're not eating healthy our bodies can lean more toward an acidic pH level (because pretty much all unhealthy food is on the acidic side of the pH scale) and that can make it so the body holds on to fat. So he recommends that for the first four days on the plan we drink water with fresh squeezed lemon because lemon is surprisingly very alkaline. On day one we're supposed to squeeze one lemon into a glass of water, day two is two lemons, day three is three lemons, and day four is four whole lemons. Just the two lemons today was pretty freaking sour, so I'm thinking that tomorrow and the next day I will just squeeze one lemon into a glass of water and drink that many glasses.
I love Rock City! I could spend hours there taking pictures. Around every turn there is something beautiful. It is the type of place that if I was one that liked to read, I would love to pick a spot, sit and read a good book and drink some coffee. Well maybe some Dr. Pepper! I often have thoughts like that, but then they go as quickly as they came.
So I made 2 of them for the girls room and then I will make Trendals? for each so when we have ALL 4 we have enough beds for their room. Stay tuned for their bedroom ALL put together and other FAB Makes for their room that are ALMOST finished.
Every day? Probably not but often I do. I don’t count it out. My servings of fruit and veggies are usually quite large.
Queenie
First things first: the 21 Minus contest has winners! I shall be mailing a bag of coffee to the lucky Emily, hopefully sometime today or tomorrow. As we've seen in the past, I am challenged in terms of sending things in the mail, but at least coffee isn't breakable. Le sigh. A fly got into my coffee this morning. They're having something of a fruit fly epidemic at the dining hall. Here's a brilliant idea: if you want to keep the flies OUT of the dining hall, CLOSE THE WINDOWS. You know what's outside the windows? Trash cans. Dumpsters. Know what lives in trash cans and dumpsters? Flies.
Hope you will come back to visit often. I plan to add something here often!!
5. Do you read more or less now than you did, say, 10 years ago?
Here I am in glorious Antigua, Guatemala. I have come to Central America to learn Spanish and experience Semana Santa, Easter in this Technicolor land. It is the biggest Easter celebration in the world, begun after the Spanish overtook these lands. The procesiones (processions) and valaciones (holy vigils) have been occurring since the mid 1500s. The procesiones have 7000 pound floats that shudder and lurch through the streets with 60 men, women or children carrying them on their shoulders for 10 to 12 hours. These devotees all wear purple robes until good Friday when they change to black. A corporeal representation of the weight of responsibility and honor necessary to properly eulogize Senor Sepultado, the crucified Christ.
Not sure if I've told you all, but I've actually gone down in weight and inches since finding out I was moving- I guess that's what being busy does to ya! I'm SO proud of myself for staying FAR, far away from JUNK! I'm finally at that point where if I eat anything that isn't good and healthy for me, I wanna vomit immediately. FINALLY! ;) Now, that's not to say I don't like sweets and salties, but trust me- I'd much rather eat chicken and broccoli.
3-4 eggs
Tara’s furniture fits great in Ronan’s room, transforming it to a teen room.
I’ve had my share of the usual field sketches while designing landscapes for clients, but it’s been a while since I’ve kept a field journal for myself. I kind of miss the spontaneous feel of quickly dragging a pen or pencil, in a somewhat messy, yet intentional manner, across a page to do a quick sketch of something I see.
Tracy and Theresa stopping by unexpectedly, then joining them for a walk.
Morning all!!
I believe there are a number of areas that the TTC (or, as stated, other transit authorities) could fix towards having a better rider experience and superior consumer engagement. In the first four posts there were ideas on signage and wayfinding, of expanding the colour-code system and of totally utilizing myriad digital delivery methods.
Travelling gear?
The other night I was pouting/whining about how everyone in my pregnancy group (all due around the same time as me) is talking about how Amazing and Magical it is to feel their babies moving around, when I’m stuck with this dumb anterior placenta and can’t feel a damn thing. The Lumberjack replied “yeah, well, none of them have ninja babies who can flip the placenta to mask their activity!”
1 1/2 cups cooked brown rice
4. Don’t forget…Sellers are people too and making an offer that may be considered offensive will backfire – the Seller will reject it or not take you seriously.
We found a huge cardboard box, and the two of us pulled it up the steepest slope we both squeezed in and tried to make it slide down, of course it didn’t but with the determination of the young we tried and tried, eventually it happened we went barreling down the slope our breath caught in our throats as the excitement built giving way to hysterical shrieks.
“Rude,” Claire said.
That’s it from me for now,
(4) Drizzle salad with your favorite store-bought or homemade balsamic dressing. For the directions on how to make my favorite homemade balsamic ~ Honey Balsamic Dressing ~ click here. Serve immediately.
Most of the party guest at the Winter ONEderland party will little munchkins and I needed an age appropriate party favor.
Now you might wonder what makes Warmachine so much fun. It’s designed in a way that the competition it inspires is fun. If you’ve read this blog for a bit you know my opinion on casual gaming vs. competitive. There really is no difference in this game. It’s a ton of fun even when you’re being pounded to death.
Sponsored by The Stamp Fairy -Win $ 9.00 To spend at their store Wee!!!
Accompanying these DIY and Feminist focused ideals, was the rejection of Machismo; an over-masculine, testosterone fuelled attitude adopted by males. Fugazi performances were devoid of any security staff and were operated by venue workers and Fugazi techs (Azerrad, 2001). Ian MacKaye and co discouraged the expressive displays of overt masculinity (Sammut, 2010). The physical appreciation of MacKaye’s former band, Minor Threat was deemed inappropriate for the art-focused and thought provoking Fugazi. This meant the acts of slam dancing; stage diving and moshing were prohibited. This also confronted the actions of the apolitical punks who found solace and escape through the actions of inebriation and slamdancing; actions they could practice and identify with other ‘hardcore’ shows (Tsitsos, 1999). Any persons that practiced these displays would be handed an envelope containing the ticket cost and would be escorted from the venue (Sammut, 2010). MacKaye would often stop performances and single out any perpetrators in polite debate. “They have one form of communication; violence. So to disorient them, you say, “Excuse me, Sir, could you cut that crap out?”” (Azerrad, 2001). These band/audiences discussions are highlighted in “Having Fun Onstage With Fugazi”; a collage of recordings from the band’s live performances (Burns, 2011). In the group’s DVD, Instrument, MacKaye once roared at the crowd,
Pictures get more interesting when their light source is off to one side a little. This makes the shadows more exciting, but it can also get tricky to color.
If you do decide to come back, I can’t deny I can change, but I will promise you that I will always be here for you. Always.
You’ve each done a great deal of work but especially in Australia one of the first links always made is ‘Rik Mayall and Adrian Edmondson from The Young Ones’. Could you have imagined that the series would have such a long-lasting impact?
_____________________
You may already be a follower of our Crafty Ribbons Challenge Blog. If not be sure to check it out at http://craftyribbonschallenge.blogspot.co.uk/. There's a new challenge every fortnight with prizes.....
Could all that is lost ever be found?
OK, it's currently rather heavy on the jangly white boy angsty intellectual-nerd music that I am always attracted to. But, it helps me get my sweat on.
So Annie, I dedicate this post to you for truly expanding my horizons and teaching me not to fear new foods, but to embrace them. Who knows where I’d be today if you hadn’t made me that maznik, introduced me to injera, or let me stir the pot of risotto. I can only hope to pass on a spark of the fire you lit inside me, and inspire those around me to let their guard down and just try something different. I suppose that in many ways, that is what this blog is all about. For that, I thank you.
What Should Go On the Grill?
There are those moments that we doubt, the moments when we are low, our self-esteem is low, our moods are low and we lose our confidence of who we are in Christ and who Christ is. Yes, it happens and happens often. He knows and understands because He was tempted as we have been; He was tested as you are.
LOL!!! I can't stop laughing at Grandma's face... she loves to make faces....
Yoochun walk closer to me and gently place his arms on my back and rub it slowly. I flinch at his touch and move away. I still have trauma.
a. Hugh Jackman before his transformation
Recipe: Garbage Vegetable Stock
I think I am drunk enough to sleep now. Tomorrow is another day.
Dr Dave Horton and Dr Griet Scheldeman (Lancaster University): What needs to change to get Britain on its bike? Discussing and debating the project’s key findings
Here’s Kamiya-san, who was forced to stay overnight in a hotel because the show was going on location. They recorded the opening in one of the hotel rooms. And just like that, we departed for Haneda Airport!
There are many, I am sure, who would claim to take offence at what I have just written, and who would angrily insist they are entirely devoted to their children. But how can I believe them in the face of overwhelming evidence that they must be lying?
Format: CD, Album
1 lb linguini
Not until you cast the dye of death in the air ..
the game is afoot!
Boy: Yeah I could get in a lot of trouble. I shouldn't be doing this? (He is now WAY too close to me and I feel my personal space is being invaded!)
Or should we think about this issue from the perspective of addiction counselors and rephrase the question: Should we reward self-destructive behavior by providing more money to corrupt political elites in Greece?
It’s time for all conservatives to step up and support our nominee. It’s your country and it’s up to every single one of you to fight for her survival as a free republic.
The hoops are rather large but not heavy at all! The bracelets are very comfy as well! The earrings were $7 a piece and the bracelets were $5 a piece!
TL;DR - Aussie kid tries to survive his evil family. No kangaroos in this one. - 9/10
“The fact is the beehive springs, by virtue of the ovate spring shape and a variety of internal upgrades is compatible with virtually any application where a dual spring is used. That includes some engines with mechanical roller camshafts. The key is to review the required camshaft load and assess the aggressiveness of the camshaft.”
Quite simply, all the fireworks are to celebrate the torture and execution of Mr. Fawkes, who, along with several other Catholics, conspired to blow up Parliament…or did they? It seems that the “gun powder” was corn powder and would not have exploded. The “Hidden Hand” was behind the works and the Wizard of Oz is…
1 tablespoon sesame oil
Book cover: E29 & 31
She regularly hosts extravagant poker games in her villa with a superb garden. Often these poker games are catered affairs, and she thinks nothing of serving champagne that goes for 150 Euros a bottle. Even worse, she’d leave these expensive champagne bottles opened which would always lead to an unavoidable situation known as evaporation (of both money and champagne). Of course, Gianni is often called and asked to come over and actually serve the lunch because the girls are just too engrossed in their poker games.
You are loved (breathe out)
The consumer world of social mobility has bled into the enterprise world of social mobility, and many companies do not like that. Sometimes messages are innocent like, “Bill, you will be at the meeting tomorrow at 9 a.m., right?” Other times they can be damaging to the company; “Bill here is the confidential slideshow for the meeting at 9 a.m.”
'What do the people of Wellington taste of?' Sophie asked.
The Zulu army was however defeated at a Battle which became known as the Battle of Blood River in 1838, and the first Boer Republic was established in Natal shortly thereafter.
Entries will be compiled using Google Docs and the winner will be chosen using Random.org.
Swap "BP CEO's" for "stud", and Obama doesn't even need to hold a press conference to share his state of mind.
And of course
Here are the details about being on the team...
Now to the present. And to the present president Goodluck Ebele Jonathan. I will be stupid if I start to mention all the atrocities trailing his government, like you are oblivious of them all. I only hope it won’t become anarchical. It is more than unfortunate that even he that promised a breath of fresh air is fainting in asphyxia. It is akin to the typical joke of a medicine-man hawking medicine that would cure cough, yet he himself is losing his voice to coughing. Search my archive, I have never used insulting words against Mr. President, not even the ‘cluelessness’ that is almost replacing the ‘C’ in the GCFR…and you hear Grand Clueless in Chief….bla..bla..
Eh, the issues have been around for many, many years. I don't think they're going to disappear overnight. Thanks to those of you who suggested we see the movie FIREPROOF. And thank you to Kris for sending me a copy to preview! It was awesome! If you haven't seen it, it comes out on DVD at the end of January. GO PREORDER IT! And have a box or two of tissues nearby when you watch it. Kris told me they've received literally thousands of letters from men saying they wanted to date their wives again.
As I walked up the sloping lawn, my father came to mind and I was momentarily filled with a sadness over the fact that he is no longer in this world. This man who loved the world and yet struggled at times to find peace within it, who saw eighty-four springs (it seems like such a paltry number now), is not here to see this spring. And now, I can't seem to shake a Raymond Carver poem I read a few days ago. It speaks to why I returned to this place of my childhood. I thought you might like it, too.
See all that beautiful fresh snow! It will eventually turn into lovely raging white water this summer. Hmmm – white snow – white water.
To get out of that cycle so that his physical desire is channelled towards you again is often a very long process. Understand that from the outset. This is not going to be an easy road, but it is one you can travel together.
“I could see that Isabel listened to him with growing exasperation. Larry had no notion that he was driving a dagger in her heart and with his every detached word twisting it in the wound. But when she spoke it was with a faint smile on her lips.”
This novel started slow for me—I wasn’t sure what I was getting into and I wasn’t sure I liked it. It rallies, though, as I better understood what happened in Rwanda in the 90s and how it influenced each of these characters. Ultimately, Benaron delivers a powerful novel that educates and, in a bittersweet way, entertains at the same time. Wonderful characters and a warm story set during a murderous genocide. Not an easy task.
Galileo was a short, red haired, attractive man and although remained a bachelor, was never short of lady friends. He was forty-five when he first heard the news of the Flemish invention of the telescope. He immediately designed and built one himself in one night, which had a magnification of three, about as good as an opera-glass. His next attempts were better with magnifications between eight and ten. With these telescopes he was able to see ships two hours of more away from the coast. He made quite a large reputation as well as a fortune by selling them to the government.
1. Harry Potter series by JK Rowling - HP is amazing, I can't even explain it in such a way that will make sense. Simply put, if you haven't started these books, you should check them out. They only get better as they go on!
However, now blacks are using the one drop rule to advance their own political agenda. Given that half of black pregnancies end in abortion, blacks must have some means of keeping their numbers and corresponding political influence from dwindling.
The higher lumens offer better light; no toxins make them more desirable in all environments; their recyclability is all moving toward sustainability. Oh, the reduced (diminished) maintenance expenses related with replacements go away.
In a large bowl, cream together the remaining stick of butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating after the addition of each. In a separate bowl or on a piece of parchment, sift together the flour, baking soda, cinnamon, and salt. Add to the wet ingredients, alternating with the sour cream and vanilla. Fold in the apples. Pour into the prepared baking dish, spreading out to the edges.
We have arrived! I am sitting writing this post from our lovely new home in Brisbane! It was a very long drive and we stayed overnight at Coffs Harbour, the children did so well in the car, we had no motion sickness for the first time and they entertained themselves with eyespy and other car games.
into flood plains
Eventually, I will have to decide what to do because my phone is truly on it's last leg. I just hate the added cost of all of it. I am slowly re-entering the 21st Century though. One step at a time.
In a time where leadership skills and training is constantly emphasized, I must remember that following Jesus Christ, the great Shepherd of the sheep, is absolutely crucial. On earth our best leaders are the ones that follow the perfect Shepherd.
Yes, people sometimes giggle or make comments about her hairiness, but that's their problem, not hers. Children are generally curious rather than critical, wondering why women shave in the first place. She doesn't mention her academic colleagues at the University of London but presumably they aren't bothered.
There is a romance, and one that I enjoyed a lot. The guy and Jasmine just get off to a really bad start, and first impressions make quite the impression. But over time they just start warming to each other and before we all know it, they're friends and leaning into something more. They had great chemistry; they're safely one of my top 5 fave couples for this year. Realistic - no insta-love going on ANYWHERE in here.
Oh some fun news- I ordered my save the dates last week so they should be in sometime this coming week, I can't wait to see them!!! I guess that means I really need to get on finalizing this guest list so I can print all the address labels. Ahhhhh not enough time in the day!!
I have been outside more since all the rain has eased up. Most of April and May we had lots and lots of rain. I planted my very first herb garden
NONE has responded.
We strive to satisfy the individual foot care needs of each patient. At Frederick Foot & Ankle Specialists, our first priority is to treat your foot care needs in a manner that is most effective and most convenient for you. We offer on site x-rays and a wide variety of casts, ankle braces, splints, pads, and medications.
The splash-dash splash page features a roulette wheel of death, an echo of the first story in Plastic Man #1 (June, 1943) from about a year earlier. One cannot help but wonder where the green demon addressing the reader came from -- it's a rare instance of Cole depicting a non-human, imaginary form.
Avery Brewing Company The Czar
Will that get me dates?
Seeing into darkness is clarity.
*The games are FREE to play.
“Speculative Realism”
He’s a freaking warrior. He stands tall in the midst of a crisis and keeps his shit together in a way that I’m not capable of. He’s able to separate logic from emotion and he’s careful with his words, even when his crazy wife is throwing a full blown adult temper tantrum.
I had planned this post Saturday night. Honest. Not exactly like this, but more or less. I am not copying you or jumping on your rolling bandwagon. Cross my heart.
I was walking across the field last evening and stumbled on my left foot, somehow twisting my ankle. I looked moronic for awhile as I just stood there motionless like some Greek/Roman statue. I noticed a guy at the exercise area looking at me, but he didn’t say anything. I then hobbled over to a seat and evaluated my circumstances. Then, I walked home.
“Prageeth himself was abducted by such a van in 2009 and released after a day. Please use your position to investigate the disappearance of Prageeth Eknaligoda. Please make the results of this investigation public and hold accountable those responsible” Amnesty International USA stated in their petition.
In a small bowl, mix remaining Parmesan cheese and bread crumbs. Toss to combine. Pour over pasta with cheese sauce. Bake until bubbly and the top is golden brown – about 20 to 25 minutes.
If you can fill the empty void of this Isle
You want to know the sad thing? If I actually knew a fucking thing about any of these topics, I could create even more absurdly esoteric academic titles. It's like a huge portion of most of these things involves learning a new language that no one outside of the select-few intellectually inbred bastards speaks so that you can intellectually engage in the circle-jerk about which they like to publish.
La variable la plus importante dans la détermination de la consommation est le revenu disponible des ménages. Dans le modèle, cette variable est endogène et résulte d’un ensemble de composantes : la masse salariale, l’excédent brut d’exploitation (EBE), les revenus de la propriété, les impôts sur les revenus, les transferts courants, les prestations sociales et les cotisations sociales.
Today was so validating. It felt so good to know I am in the right place, for the first time in my life I don't feel lost.
The deep sky spun with stars, no moon.
Sony ICF-C180COS Radio AM/FM- Dream Machine
Right, the recipe for banana choc muffins that I made tonight for my lunches will have to wait until tomorrow as I'm heading for bed and will wake up refreshed and raring to go for a new week.
The photographic process before the 1890s -- before the introduction of camera film -- was a complex and frustrating production. The pursuit of leisure photography, capturing casual, outdoor scenes using a portable camera, was a relatively recent phenomenon. And a camera was only 'portable' in the sense it could be used outside a studio. A wooden-box camera with a tripod and a satchel of delicate lens and exposed plates would have been difficult to transport.
- I sold out of baked goods at the farmer's market for the first time
Roy and Myra are still on their getaway getting ready for bed. We see that Myra has gotten them separate rooms which Roy questions. She tells him she just prefers separate bathrooms so she can spread her cosmetics out without him knocking them over. She then claims she wore herself out and leaves him to go to his own room, claiming he's tired too, but he's clearly disappointed. In his room, he tells himself "Forget the long con, because I'm the one being conned." The phone rings and it's Myra telling him to open his door. He asks why but she tells him "Open it and find out." He opens the door to find her standing in the doorway of her own room, completely naked. She closes the door and walks over to his room giggling. She says "You should've seen the look on your face when I told you goodnight!"
So, I'm really hoping that the homestudy will be complete within 2 weeks. Pray hard friends & family!
“But he said he wanted to correct his mistake.”
I have had lots of guesses in my competition now but so far no one has guessed the right number. If by Monday the exact number hasn't been guessed I will be giving the prize to the one with the nearest guess.
Contact : 8899125600, 9690635353, 09897438438 – Mrs. Rachana Sharma
At mid-CD I literally felt my heart burst forth with love and inspiration. The deep love that encompasses and views all. And the inspiration that comes from reconnecting to one’s Soul. I felt as if I were viewing the universe through the eyes of Source. The feeling of tangible connection to the spirit of the cosmos and its divine essence is palpable and deepens from track to track. Very uplifting, very inspiring, very heart centered and moving, this CD is a true gem.
rant ends here.
4 children,
Here are the ones I was able to match up amongst the mess I started out with....and I added a couple of swimming suits and a cover-up in case someone invites me on a last minute trip or cruise or to an indoor pool! (Hint, hint!) I like to be prepared.
It should further be noted in this connection that, as Horowitz (1998) reminds us, the various European Socialist parties in World War I did not generally oppose the war in the name of international worker brotherhood but rather threw their support behind the various national governments of the countries in which they lived. Just as Mussolini did, they too nearly all became nationalists. Nationalist socialism is a very old phenomenon.
red potatoes, roasted and diced
Acquisition of land by the government for public purpose or for the companies is governed by the Land Acquisition Act, 1894.
Holland is currently leading the world in the production of artificial meat, and the Dutch government has put a huge amount of money into the research.
And back and forth it went. The more I read, the more I wondered whether I’d stumbled across some intramural Roman Catholic dispute. Whatever differences they thought they had, both sides seemed to assume that grace was a substance. Both spoke of the empowerment and encouragement of ‘grace’, but the real concern of both parties seemed to be our life of discipleship. Thus, it was really a discussion about motivational techniques. Some thought that carrots are better, others reached for the stick.
You need a permanent address to send out a Child Protective Services team. You need to get a straight story out of mom or child. It takes more than establishing that a child has been living in a motor vehicle for months, has wasted away and is covered in sores.
And with a fading twilight,
Rub chops with cut clove of garlic then season with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon EVOO in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add chops and cook 4 minutes each side for medium rare doneness.
A third features The National Campaign against Fees and Cuts who comment:
Bag of Surprises
If you regularly step into service, try something or somewhere different. Seeing needs from a different perspective can speed that Vitamin V straight to the heart!
Ever since I can remember, I've shopped in second hand clothing stores. Call them what you will – op shops (Australian slang for the opportunity inherent in any second hand store experience), charity shops (I often feel its ME being given charity in the form of amazing finds but whose counting?), thrift shops or jumbles (because the best ones always are a bit of a mess aren’t they?) – they have always been my go to place for something different (and cheap!). In the last 5 or so years the vintage market has completely exploded, with everyone getting amongst it – not least high street stores like Topshop and Urban Outfitters. But for me, the thrill of vintage is still in picking an amazing item out of a heap on the floor, and scoring it at a tiny price. To do this, you have to know when, where and how to look.
Hope you found this insight useful.
If you're still here..thanks for reading :) I hope whatever you're creating at the moment takes you to a happy place.....I think I'm on the way to finding mine again :)
A few months ago, Rixa at Stand and Deliver posted about a giveaway opportunity to review a new product designed to help women address their pelvic floor prolapse issues. Since that has been one my most major concerns this pregnancy, I volunteered to be a reviewer.
Right before my kitchen became unusable, The Gentleman Friend and I made this tasty dish. I don’t have a photo of my version of it, but here’s the one from the blog, Tasty Tidbits, I got the recipe from:
$17 - not counting the platform sandals
Maybelline Shine Free Oil Control Loose Powder
I actually feel sorry for the children who have to carry a cell phone. I got away with so much stuff when I was little. My mom had to hunt me down almost every day during the summer. That meant an extra 30 minutes of play. Kids today have their parents attached to their hip, literally. Just one text or ring and it will be over.
you can’t even remember why you picked him up
March 17 - Went to church for the first time since Carl was killed. I even confessed. I felt like a douchebag.
-You must leave verification information for your entries. Incomplete entries will be disqualified.
"And the reason is all in education," Bloomberg continued. "If you look, other countries are starting to have great schools, great universities, great public schools. And they are becoming much more productive at a much greater rate than we are doing in America. We stopped improving our productivity 20-30 years ago, and the education system started going downhill, and certainly not growing and improving as fast as the rest of the world. And that's really what you see out there, and it's a great challenge, and the answer is to go back to the basics, education, and in the meantime getting people the experience they need, and working."
Dying to self. Loving the the one undeserving of love. Showing mercy instead of judgment. Praying for the one who hurt me. Doing what is right instead of what is easy. Fighting for a relationship I would rather walk away from. Turning the other cheek. Giving when I have little to give. Pushing through when I’d rather give up. Being open and vulnerable when I would rather hide and self-protect. Believing for the impossible instead of settling for the possible. Choosing brokenness and humility over my pride.
It's harder than you'd think, but it's also way more fun. When you only have a hundred words to play with, you have to think about each one very carefully.
The Rakeback.com supplies much more rebates in comparison towards the other on-line poker playing sites towards the players for a set schedule which might be a week or perhaps a month. The players which are high volume players for them the particular rakeback rates are supplied by the dealers. You get a unique bonus once you play huge games frequently. This way you are able to bring more actual money by playing poker online.
Casey Anthony’s trial will take place in Orlando, but jurors are being selected at a courthouse about 100 miles away because of intense media coverage. The first panel of potential jurors met with the judge and attorneys Monday morning in Clearwater.
Show my kids I love them by providing ROUTINE.
Not an agent who represents sex dolls, but a sex doll who is the public face of a literary agency.
Imagine my surprise when noting that Josh Barro, noted Forbes contributor and on fiscal and economic policy, was going to take on Derb’s piece at Takimag. I am sure he would sure the world that Derb’s piece was wrong and take it apart piece by piece. That would show the world that the racissssss Derb was wrong, spewing lies on top of lies. This would surely help vault Josh Barro further in the intellectual orbit, perhaps landing him on Bill Maher’s show someday next to Andrew Sullivan. Someday, sport. Someday.
Zest from 1 lemon (reserved from below)
(Gazette) A religious rights group is calling for the removal of the Air Force Academy’s top officer after a flap over a speaker planned for a February prayer luncheon at the school.
As we get towards the end of the season we often see teams start to get relaxed with the usual secrecy in the pitlane. This weekend in Korea was no different with several technical details being bared to the cameras for the first time.
- 8 Shrimp (rinsed) and 4 Tbsp cocktail sauce: The perfect appetizer.
METHODOLOGY (as per NAR)
Today I had no fewer than four people at work tell me I looked really tired. That's always comforting to hear...
Unfortunately, like everything else on Facebook, some people feel the need to overdo it. I have several “friends” on there who regularly who post dozens of these little posters of deep-thoughts every day. It’s like they have an all-you-can eat pass from the dorm poster store. I can barely keep track of how my other friend’s quest for magic unicorn eggs in Castleville is going without these cloying posters popping up every 30 seconds. The implied “cleverness” of the person who posted it is also kind of annoying, as they didn’t actually do much more than browse at a virtual card shop and click a key on a laptop. Friends then “like” the little quote as if the person who clicked first had some sort of creative stake in the process. The fact that this person clicks on more posters in a given day than most people even have time to read gives a more accurate reflection of how little they actually put into it.
A collaborative resource planning program can surely improve manager efficiency. When the scheduling manager for a business spends less time producing a schedule, because the computer program automatically fills in shifts, then the manager will devote more time to revenue-generating activity. A manager may provide coaching to employees, serve customers, or complete an outstanding project, instead of endlessly poring over schedule spread sheets.
The chief captain had a sincere fear of his Roman superiors. How much greater would that fear have been if he could foresee himself standing at the Great White Throne and Jesus Christ saying the likes of Matthew 25:41.
Hannah
Would love it if you would share!
Anderson said, “Sophomore year I had a really bad year, and he told me exactly what I needed to do to be successful.”
Mr Traveller threw water into the logburner to put the fire out apparently not the done thing, we now know, but he didn't do any damage, and he did stop the fire, which was the main thing), while I took the Littlest Hobo outside and phoned the housekeeper, who showed up a few minutes later with her husband. They were greeted by the sight of Mr Traveller in his bare feet with trousers rolled up to his knees as he mopped up all the water. Amidst fraught calls between plumbers, the owner back in the UK and who knows who else, we managed to clean up and make the house safe, or as safe as we could, given we didn't know where exactly the water had gone to within the walls. The housekeeper offered to take us to her maison d'haute for the night, until the plumber could come in the morning, but we opted to stay in the house, concluding that there'd been enough upheaval already for the Littlest Hobo that night, and apart from the possibility of being a bit cold, it should be fine now that it was all turned off.
Listen! you hear the grating roar
Minneapolis Minnesota
Her deck was turned slightly toward us. We could see groups of the almost 1,500 people still aboard, clinging in clusters or bunches, like swarming bees; only to fall in masses, pairs or singly, as the great after part of the ship, 250 feet of it, rose into the sky, till it reached a 65- or 70-degree angle.
A neutral color palette is also another great choice for a unisex nursery. The simple white crib becomes the focal point with the romantic canopy framing it. I especially like the brown and white bergere chair - a little unexpected in a nursery.
That, when a fool's eye lighteth on a gem,
Since the start of our education fund last year, we have screened over a thousand applications for financial aid and I have personally interviewed hundreds of them at our office in Seremban.
...and the list goes on...
At the shelter, there are a few paid workers and a few volunteers that put in time from their own private schedule to come and aid the animals.
—George Eliot, Middlemarch (1872)
Malema urged a full hall in the Ehlanzeni municipal administration building to have as many babies as possible—“to prevent the revolution from losing steam”.
Don't Walk. RUN TO TARGET to pick up these super cute silicone reusable "flowerpot" cupcake molds! I promise you, I only bought three boxes. (You get six flowerpots in a box.) There were still a few left in the Easter aisle!
As I stepped out of the outhouse yesterday afternoon, I heard large animals moving through the trees, about 50 yards to my left. I stepped forward, trying to see what it was, and heard a coyote yip. I shouted at Lu to come out of the camper, and saw four very large deer bounding away, arcing around camp. The coyote yipped more, and I tracked its chase in my head, listening to the periodic yips.
Cook until the rice and vegetables are very tender, usually about 45 minutes for me, and serve. Be ready for your family tot go crazy, this may be their new favorite dish! A nice time saver is the crockpot. I have used it many times on this dish to make my life easier. I cut up my chicken and place it in the crockpot, fill with water, turn it on low, and go to bed. In the morning I turn it off, put the crockpot in the fridge, and come afternoon nap time it is cool and ready to be picked through. The only downside is that I can’t make enough stock this way, but I just add some water and bouillon when I use the crockpot.
Crockpot Shrimp:
"It's not a very interesting name and it's a beautiful planet," Vogt said. Unofficially, he's named it after his wife: "I call it Zarmina's World."
dependant upon what that individual does with
Am I glad to see you! Why you're almost a stranger.
Sun rising.
These are just a select few of the many amazing speakers Now Training highly recommends; to discuss your specific requirements or to find out more call Tony Meyer on 01920 460211 or email: tonym@nowtraining.co.uk
Now, the Matron has never before experienced the dreaded all-intensive tech week herself. She has lived it only through her daughter, who has pretty much lived onstage since she was seven.
Life's Little Notes...
“The experiences at the clinic where the LSD was administered were quite strange. There was a brief ‘interview’ by Dr. John Buckman, asking banal questions about health issues (none), but providing no information about what to expect from the LSD. There was no mention, for example, of hallucinations or perceptual distortions or anything frightening. I was not informed of any persistent effects, such as nightmares. Certainly the possibility of lasting damage was not mentioned. The word ‘experiment’ was not used. There was, in other words, no informed consent whatsoever. I was not told that I could refuse to participate, that I could quit at any time (as provided in the Nuremberg Code). Since I was below the age of consent, my parents would have been the ones to agree to this. Indeed, they were the ones to suggest that we be used in these experiments. It would not otherwise have happened. But my parents would never discuss this in later years and never explained why they did it.
There was a massive amount of water running down the side of the mountain on this day. I decide to follow the drainage as long as possible and see how many other falls were running. 3 miles and nearly 15 falls later I finally started making my way back up the mountain. I’d hit the waterfall jackpot. I found one every few hundred feet it seemed. I probably took over a 100 pictures that day. It was one of the more riskier hikes I’d taken due to everything being slick as snot and having to climb up and down bluffs all day.
Poor Lionel blushed furiously, which did nothing to prettify his facial acne. “How should I know?” he snapped, before storming off angrily, pausing only to kick one of his disciples who had foolishly tried to follow him.
I really don't have anyone to talk to about it. Sanford is just as hurt as I am, so I don't bring it up. My mom just tells me that "God has a plan." And that hurts my heart even more because I am mad. Mad at God. Mad at the life I have been dealt. And I know I should let go of that anger. But it is hard.
This would mean that an average 49% of the three constitutional bodies say spending cuts while 51% want higher taxes. This would translate to $590.891 billion in spending cuts and $615.009 billion in new taxes (in annual terms). If you do the math, that would result in $3.138109 trillion revenue and $3.138109 trillion spending - a balanced budget.
But we have chosen to accept each other the best we can for exactly who we are. (And learning, over the past nineteen years—we dated about eighteen months before marrying—that we’re kind of polar opposites but can OPT to make this work between us. And those lovely moments I peak? Those are the payoff for hanging tough through the times that feel tougher.
The kinds of anomalies that some people go hunting for don’t hint at improvements to good scientific theories, but consist simply of any result which stands out in some way. Anything that looks a bit weird can be seen as an “anomaly” – even though weirdness is often a fundamental and entirely expected feature of the universe. Not every theory should be expected to immediately explain every observation. To suggest that a theory needs to be entirely thrown out, and replaced with some entirely new paradigm, is a common overreaction to one small “anomaly” being found.
where it bumps against bare skin.
Nonetheless there still seems to persist in some minds the view that two groups as antagonistic as the Nazis and the Communists or the Fascists and the Communists just cannot have been ideological blood-brothers. Let me therefore try this little quiz: Who was it who at one stage dismissed Hitler as a "barbarian, a criminal and a pederast"? Was it Stalin? Was it some other Communist? Was it Winston Churchill? Was it some other conservative? Was it one of the Social Democrats? No. It was none other than Mussolini, who later became Hitler's ally in World War II. And if any two leaders were ideological blood-brothers those two were. So I think it is clear that antagonism between Hitler and others and between Mussolini and others proves nothing. If anything, the antagonism between Hitler and other socialists and between Mussolini and the "Reds" is proof of what typical socialists both Mussolini and Hitler were.
And then the print book. I won't go over the Createspace v Lulu debacle. Suffice it to say that the process for a POD book is similar, though the formatting is different (of course). And you get a proof of your lovely book to hold, and smell, and wave at people, and remind you how clever you are writing all this ... and then you have to read it, looking for mistakes. Yes - you really do. I know, you've read it so often your eyes bleed at the first sentence, but this is the last chance to find typos. (Someone suggested reading it backwards - which worked for me. I meant I didn't skip bits because I knew them too well.)
Jin said, “By the story Steve told that Sandra had made them to believe I don’t trust that Sandra girl. She was purposely sent out of the facility to capture all of us minus the bloodshed. I know these guys. This is governments best weapon to send in a girl and bring down the whole house.”
The only way a horde might happen is if, again, we are working on the assumption that the zombie plague also creates some kind of pheromonal IFF signal (Identify Friend-or-Foe). Not only is this ridiculously complex (and thus unlikely), it also reduces the likelihood of perfect transmission, meaning *splat*–again no hordes.
They were very different. Except in this sense, Iraq and Afghanistan were very different interventions in very different circumstances but one thing is the same in all of them which is that you had people living under the most brutal oppression and circumstances of deprivation really and I don’t think we should ever feel bad about liberating people from that situation. The circumstances in Iraq and Afghanistan are just so much bigger and there are so many other factors but in Kosovo and Sierra Leone I think we did demonstrate how if you do intervene you can give people a much better future. And if you don’t by the way as we learned in the early 90s in the Balkans when we didn’t then that is also a decision with consequences in which many people die.
We hope you’ve heard the good news…….Leigh and Lowton Sailing Club are
Mary Pickford and Meryl Streep. I would love to hear them exchange their experiences as women in the industry and gain some insight into how much or how little has changed in 80 years. Then I’d like Louis CK to come for dessert because he’s hilarious and it could be a cool or disastrous wild card.
Add confetti to the frame. I save all the little hearts, butterflies and umbrellas whenever I use WoJ's Heart Lace Border, Fancy Hearts, Butterflies and Umbrella border dies. Those little pieces are perfect for this project. There are also some glass glitters in it. BUT, what you see here is way too much confetti. I had to take most of it out just so that they don't block the image. =)
740 D-XI/6/1976. “The Constitution of the State of Illinois.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Starved Rock State Park, Illinois.
For the last few weeks DS7 has also been reading a chapter book with his Dad, a fictionalised account of the whole life of Simpson's Donkey: "Simpson's Donkey - A wartime journey to Gallipoli and beyond" by Peter Stanley. This was his own choice, but so timely!
In the air of your flight and is refreshed.
With our expert team’s combined experience in graphic design, web development, flash design and E-Commerce solutions, you can be confident that whatever your project demands, our team can deliver on time and in budget.
Be careful that it actually does work, however.
Anyway the thing we can't get over is already this few days of demolition has caused arguments with our building company who were trying to claim they didn't know the weatherboard was there and wanted to charge us extra to remove it.
1. Great guerrilla marketing "means developing a sixth sense for knowing when and how to creatively cut corners," August Turak notes. "It requires a sort of impish instinct for breaking rules. But it also means successfully walking that invisible line between creativity and unethical chicanery."
Cross bare legs as if one must
“Where are you from?” I asked. He told me he was from Turkey and what his academic interests were. He then asked me where I was from and where I went to school. I responded that I was born and raised in Norfolk, and that I went to the university in my backyard for my bachelor’s and master’s. He repeated what I said for clarification; I confirmed it; and his response was, “That’s strange.”
All new brews this week include:
As we turned up the road, for the last time,
Well, the e-mail I got back from this guy changed me from aggravated to amused in 3.5 nanoseconds. He attacked my character, my dancing abilities, my looks, just about everything he could think of (and all mis-spelled, both Spanish and English. There is something about piss poor spelling and grammar that takes all the bite out of any retort. Turns a pit bull into a toothless daisy in my mind). He even threatened to attack us at the milongas in Buenos Aires, told Sorin that he would "teach him how the portenos really dance in the street". hum....
Upcoming events
“You can’t be here,” David called out after getting up from the floor, “this is private property and if you are refugees there are approved routes for you to travel. You need to turn around and go back from where you came, I have a right to defend myself from trespassers.”
As I said, what caught my eye in my research was a reference to Burden’s focus and concern with respect to the issue of superblocking in Battery Park City. Battery Park City’s design is such an excellent exemplar of the opposite that you would think the issue would never come up. What’s more the concern was expressed by Burden in connection with respect to Battery Park City’s Teardrop Park which, having visited it, I never would have suspected would raise superblocking concerns. Yet here in a July/August 2004 Downtown Express story (A look back as Battery Park City nears next phase, By Josh Rogers) I read:
From Ann:
card making and hybrid scrapbooking supplies!"
(but we missed the boys, of course!)
He published his first book about beer, The English Pub, in 1976, but it was his second, the World Guide to Beer (1977) that dovetailed with a quite young beer and brewing revolution in the United States. The book became a bible for both brewers and drinkers reconnecting with traditional beer.
Middle:
This is our God!
From the sharp bailiffs of the briny sea?
To be chosen as our Hunger Busting Blogger, you must be:
I stand in reflection of it
Ink-Stampin Up garden green
But what I can do,
At nighttime, the light automatically came on and lasted all night long. I loved the blue light because it lends a very soothing touch to the room. I can't wait until they add some boy SolPals, I know my little boy wouldn't want one with a flower or star. Maybe a football or a car.
Have you seen the stuff of the Earth?How dense are you?
One of the biggest differences between CISPA and its SOPA predecessor is that the Web blocking bill was defeated by a broad alliance of Internet companies and millions of peeved users. Not CISPA: the House Intelligence committee proudly lists letters of support from Facebook, Microsoft, Oracle, Symantec, Verizon, AT&T, Intel, and trade association CTIA, which counts representatives of T-Mobile, Sybase, Nokia, and Qualcomm as board members.
I've become a huge fan of your blog and after your January series on getting paper organized, I decided to FINALLY finish up our office. We moved into our new home in September and I threw together an office 48 hours before our housewarming party. While it looked pretty, I still needed to figure out how make the office work for me and get everything into it's right place. I finally finished up and thought I'd share some pictures with you. Here's the final blog post I created: http://www.casagreer.com/2011/02/officewoman-cave-reveal.html
The camera’s were flashing, anticipation in the air, awaiting the Spring 2012 looks to be revealed at the Grammys. I was in shock to see a sea of black make its way down the carpet. Embellished with gold accessories, stars managed to make this cliché look fresh and modern.
Let’s move to my personal favorite: the unforgiveable steak & ketchup eater. If you order a filet mignon, that darling of steaks, its juices oozing pink and brown across your plate, and then squirt a bloody lycopene and high fructose corn syrup goo on it, we will demean you in our minds and in our kitchen. You have just obliterated your filet’s rich warm taste and buttery texture beneath sugary processed slop. Pay attention, because this is the exact moment in time when your server will give you a pitying look across the dining room and disappear through a door. If your suspicion is that he is relaying your mignon faux pas to the entire staff, your suspicion is correct. Let’s take a walk through that swinging door and into the other universe of the restaurant. The chefs are brandishing knives right now at the thought of your flagrant degradation, the hostess is giggling behind her palm at the vile oaths they hurl at you, and the server is rolling his eyes and thinking there’s no tip in the world big enough to make his job worthwhile. The dishwasher is sighing, thinking of how he would’ve treasured the steak bite by bite, or perhaps sold it to the delivery guy for some smack, and the busboy? Oh, the busboy is just wondering if there’s going to be any leftovers from the buffet next door, don’t worry about him.
Now I just have to prepare for the next week. I do feel like I'm much more confident now than the previous two years, but I still feel like there's too much to do and not enough time! Next week I have Parent Orientation so I'll be getting that ready as well as my lessons. I will try to post some of my more helpful parent pages soon - maybe they can help someone else!
Paul continues to describe the people who miss this revelation and how the desire for money is actually quite self-destructive:
…Before the service had ended, I left the church; and as I emerged I was struck by two things. First, I found that I had no idea how long I had been inside. It might have been only twenty minutes, it might have been two hours; I could not say. I had been existing on a level at which clock-time was unimportant. Secondly, as I stepped out on the pavement the roar of the London traffic engulfed me all at once like a huge wave. The sound must have been audible within the church, but I had not noticed it. I had been in another world where time and traffic had no meaning; a world that was more real — I would almost say more solid — than that of twentieth-century London to which I now abruptly returned.
We walk down to the park where a Bangladeshi man who tends the trees shows us some trees with the resin on the trunks.
Parts of life I wish were easier are: my social skills, taking care of money skills, more respect from people for speaking out.
Logistics Officers
the keen primeval silence of your hair
Fried rice drop noodles ($8) are best eaten in the traditional Khmer style, cooked with beef, bean sprouts, garlic chives and topped with a fried egg. And it’s hard to resist chomping down a plate of deep-fried quail ($10), marinated and fried to a bone-crunching brown.
Cesare meets with his father in a confessional, where he confesses to having engaged in simony. Alexander says God will repay them for their sin tenfold. Cesare wonders if a family like theirs—Spanish, and therefore hated in Rome—can survive this appointment and Alexander says God will protect the pope and those closest to him. Cesare wants something a bit more concrete than that and asks, probably not for the first time, to be allowed to leave the church and become a soldier, so he can take command of the papal armies and protect his family. He never wanted to join the church in the first place—Alexander just decided that one son should be a soldier (Juan) and the eldest would be a prince of the church. Alexander says that his battles will be fought inside the Vatican’s walls, and that’s where he needs Cesare. With that, the discussion ends.
… let’s go inside.
My husband and I have made a commitment to explore a different place in and around our local area each weekend with our son-----rivers, beaches, Redwood forest, fields and meadows-----someplace we haven't visited in a while or have never been before. The idea is to spend as much time outdoors, enjoying the sights and sounds, as we possibly can, and to allow time together as a family doing something in which we can be actively engaged with the natural world around us. We are so blessed to live in such a rich and diverse area of this country. Humboldt County has something for everyone and it would be a shame not to explore and become intimately familiar with this wonderland we call home.
Happy mixing!
You see, if I had said 'no' to George Clooney, you would have come up with Brad Pitt.
Now Camra celebrates the fact it has 120,000 members yet how many have the same views as Roger? I doubt it's even a few percent, & yet how is it their policy is dictated by the minority? Surely average members voices should be heard like Neil's thoughts here.
Remove the skin from the watermelon and cut the flesh into small cubes. Pick out as many seeds as you can be bothered by—or just buy a seedless watermelon.
*Oor else 4000 years ago, when Ireland wis formed in a flood by Gawd.
I have to admit that over the last couple of years, I’ve become accustomed to this preferential treatment when I have the boys with me. Indeed, I now walk straight to the front of boarding queues in airports, and shamelessly seek out the diplomatic channels with the shortest lines at immigration (although the introduction of the ‘pen’ system at Domodedovo will probably make that unnecessary from now on, thank heavens). So when recently arriving at Heathrow and dealing with a small boy desperate for the bathroom, with not a working loo in sight and immigration lines of record length I had no hesitation in walking to the woman at the entrance to the empty Fast Track lane and asking if I and my sons could use it to gain quicker access to the toilets which I knew were just on the other side.
You must get this for your child
“Aren’t you going to…”
9. Wiretree - Make Up
Beef stock- 500 ml
Once the brakes are in, all that’s left are front mech, saddle, rack and luggage and we’re ready to roll.
summary in the range of 10 to 15 words.
· A bunch of pages written in XHTML that contain the written content of the book;
CRESCENT BREAKFAST EGG DISH
Then as I talked a bit, I remembered that in 2 Cor. 11 Paul lists all he’s been through in his life as a follower of Christ. If you haven’t read this, you really should. Shipwrecked. Three times. Beaten with rods and with the lash. Multiple times. Stoned. Prison. Hunger. Thirst. Nakedness. Betrayal from all corners. Exhaustion. Can we just go back to that shipwrecked three times thing again? Really?
“Unless you are initiated by a bona fide spiritual master in the disciplic succession, the mantra that you might have received is without any effect.”
exhibit c:
Totally forgot how much I hoped Samantha would fall down a tall flight of stares. Between her and Scary Bradshaw, there was so much weird face going on. Watching her is like putting your hand through a potato ricer. It’s like an alien incubated the body of a sorority girl but hasn’t figured out how to work the face yet. Like Men in Black shit. She squeaks like a “chihuahua” and then makes faces like she smelled a nasty fart. That’s her in a nutshell.
There will be a random prize draw for one of the folks that enter,
Golden City Brewery Oatmeal Stout
Combine thoroughly
What makes ‘Lady Chatterley’s Lover’ brilliant is that Lawrence manages to pick out an undercurrent, a social feeling, and speak about it plainly. For example he nails the aversion females have to giving themselves completely to sex and the hatred men have when women constantly hold back. It has something for men and women alike, as it tells both their frustrations with equal sympathy and spite. There are a lot of messages, a lot of elements in this book. I personally related to the misguided idea of people stepping away from their humanity for something spiritually higher – but what exactly and for what point? But I think that even if people don’t get them all the ideas, they will understand the need for real, honest, free relationships – to cut back the pressure and bullshit that society forces.
75 9th Ave (between 15th & 16th Street)
Also often titled as “Joey (1985)” but not to be confused with the German/US fantasy film by Roland Emmerich and starring Joshua Morell as 9 yo Joey and a ventriloquist dummy. This 1986 film is about Rock’n Roll and teens. Story by Ellen Hammill (who also starred), directed by Joseph Ellington.
Caveat Emptor.
"I'm painting a miral now!" - Eliza
There is no way that Barnet Council can pretend that Coleman’s parking policies are anything other than an unmitigated disaster. Your own document says so in black and white.
Code : CA 050
The World Showcase hosts eleven countries, Mexico, Norway, China, Morocco, Japan, Italy, US, Germany, France, UK, and Canada. It did rain while we were in a couple of countries, so no pictures, but this was way better than last trip when it got dark after just one country!
At first, dissociation was my main trick, and I was especially good at it. There is very little in this life that I undertake that I do not do especially well, expect for life itself, maybe. When I found alcohol, it was like an answer to a prayer. Something that took the pain away, and was socially acceptable, up to a point. Of course, because if I am going to do something, I am going to do it extremely well, I reached that point, and passed it by many, many miles. And now I am flogging myself with key strokes for not knowing another way to deal with my pain, or for putting a stop to the drinking before such a huge toll was taken…on me.
I have begun work on what will be my first novel.
In the New Testament, the word used for “spirit” is pneuma; however, Paul in First Corinthians 15:44 used the words: soma pneuma (“s<U+03C9>µa p<U+03BD>e<U+03C5>µat<U+03B9><U+03BA><U+03BF><U+03BD>”) which means “spiritual body”. This is the type of body that we, as believers in Jesus, will also be raised with. A week after Jesus had resurrected, Scripture says he was still around for at least one week before his ascension (John 20:26). The resurrected Jesus walked around, made himself known to many people, and he showed himself in a resurrected spiritual-physical body to over 500 people. He was definitely not in hiding. The bible is clear about the form of Jesus’ resurrected body. The onus is on doubters to disprove that Jesus resurrected in a physical-spiritual body.
Are cords driving you nuts? Seriously, tangled masses of eye soars right? Not for Ashli, she even found a way to make their slew of cords become organized AND look good!!
Yesterday I pinpointed that Jennifer’s B#1 was a very different type of chick lit. Well, today’s query is for a great book that has all the “typical” chick lit elements—set in New York City, a young 20-something, an evil boss, a new job, a possible Mr. Right, and yes there’s shopping but all with a big, big, big, big magical twist.
my husband and i figured there would be no harm in letting "eggie" hang out for a bit. and with the kids besotted, what else could we really say? so, there eggie stayed...on our dining room table. he was greeted each day with a cheery "good morning!" from both kids. my daughter would come home from school every afternoon and run right up to eggie, stroking him gently and whispering to him.
So here we are just hitting May and already this year we have had some great things from Big Finish including the Sixth Doctor with Flip; the excellent Emerald Tiger; Blake’s 7 and last but by no means least the Fourth Doctor adventures.
I put him on my hand and said, “Hi.”
Speaking to analysts during a first-quarter earnings call this week, Donnelly says Cessna is finalizing the joint venture and beginning to work on obtaining the necessary Chinese business licenses to operate in the nation.
Lately, I’ve been followed by the grim reaper - every time I turn around, someone I know is sick, fighting for his and her life, or reached the end of the line; honest hardworking folks, who turn their bodies and trust over to the medical professionals. My role, I’ve come to learn, is to provide love, comfort and support – but no question, it’s hard.
How adorable is this dress/ ruffle pant combination?
- 9<U+2033> L x 5<U+2033> H,23 x 13 cm
I successfully resisted a lot of things I might have purchased in the past, by focusing on items that I really liked and thought I could use in the (sort of pre-planned) capsules for May-September. What do you think of the new purchases?
To a lady in his shield,
“For a better fit, adjust the leg snaps first.”
The trend kicked off about five years ago, but songs celebrating rum — or “celebrating” rum — continue to crop up on the island, with a couple of new songs released for the current carnival season. Here are some of the lyrics, which I don’t think will be licensed anytime soon by major spirits corporations for use in advertising campaigns:
The Floor is Lava (15) – Traveled a half mile using only Wall Run, Glide, Jump and Air Dash
Phil: While tidying a pile of books the other day I notice a couple of Tom Sharpes and realised there are lessons to be learned. Between publication of “Blott on the Landscape” in 1975 and “Granchester Grind” in 1995, things changed as Mr Sharpe became better known.
Ballast Point Even Keel Session Ale
For $80 we got the new bench that you see in the pictures. I added a thick piece of foam to the top to make it extra comfy (Parker can kneel on this bench for an hour – it’s that soft) and recovered it with a laminated fabric, found here. We tackled this project only a couple of months ago and the laminated fabric selection have grown a lot since then. Joel Dewberry just released a great line of laminated fabrics.
Bacon rolls - allow 3 - 4 slices bacon per person. These can be wrapped plain or wrapped around a small cooked mushroom. We buy the tinned button mushrooms for this purpose. These can be placed under a grill to be cooked for about 10 - 15 minutes.
Seré Prince Halverson
“It is modelled on the Be-ism of John Ono Lennon and Yoko Ono Lennon. Except they used pacifism, and we use violence.”
I know you will and tomorrow night we are going to have a spanking. I think we need to reconnect.
Another couple things I loved about the House Sorter, were the adorable designs sewn into the house and the cute colors and different textures! I especially love the handle on top of the house, because it makes it easy to carry around..and "DD" loves to carry it around with her!
Give it all ya got until you're put out of your misery (Aerosmith)
So I am thinking of you all day now,
Under Florida Law, Corey was wholly within her right to make the second degree murder charge on her own. She is obviously taking some risk in that action and if the evidence doesn't hold up in court, there will indeed be egg on her face.
I tried really hard to capture the beautiful sparkle and shimmer of the fabric in these photos, however some things just cannot be done justice in a still shot, so check out the YouTube video below to see the amazing way Mirette glimmers as you move!
Caroline Lawrence writes:
We were lucky. Some people are not so fortunate. I’m glad we were. We even had a rainbow after the storm with clear blue skies….
What gets to me though is a real growing bitterness from many quarters directed to those who choose to sell their ebooks via Amazon for Kindle at 99p.
Don’t forget “Orgies for Abstinence V” on Friday!
News Expected.
How? How was she going to explain?
I love the gorgeous shape of these! The boy is nestled on the middle layer, only seen when the mats are flipped to look at the interior treasures. To create a sparkly sky background, I colored it with blue Copics and then coated it in Stardust Stickles. I cut out pieces of sparkling white cardstock and embossed it to add some texture to the lovely ornament design. To coordinate with the silvery photo mats, I used silver Stickles for accents and hung the ornament on heavyweight silver thread. (I forgot the actual word.)
Certainly, Colonel Gracie’s account exposed some of the first-class sense of superiority of the time, though not intentionally. But he also fulfilled his purpose and did, indeed, bear testimony to many heroic acts that night.
The gawkers will shout, I will stumble,
and last week, for the first time,
I am venting.
Payment Method: Bank Transfer
- To a Mouse, on Turning Her Up in Her Nest with the Plough
920 **D-XII/6/1985. “Knowledge and Ignorance in Plato’s Apology.” Regional Political Theory Group, Rochester, New York. (Incorporated in Item C-1990(5), above, pp. 1945-58.)
Here is the best/worst video of all time with my real-time thoughts below:
I’ve given this some thought, and I don’t think the dream or daydream causes the erection, it’s the other way around. I think the erection comes along because it’s time, and the brain does whatever it has to, to come up with a justification for it.
“Yes, Danni-gran,” Kesta replies meekly. “I understand. It is, though, the shaman way to take our blessings and give thanks.”
Confronted by these facts, we can hardly avoid the conclusion that the heavy task laid upon the American Negro, after liberation from slavery, has proved too much for him, and that this people, considered as a whole, is slowly but surely tending to revert. Seized and transplanted unwillingly, forced sharply into new and severely exacting habits of life, held for a time in this condition of strain, and then suddenly released, the Negro finds it surpassingly difficult to suppress the hereditary instincts that do not harmonize with American social organization.
A smile is the oil that runs through our souls
I am writing to express my disappointment at your remake of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It wasn’t a bad film, don’t get me wrong, but because of your impressive film-making record I was expecting more. A lot more.
“Until we get that it is difficult.”
No, that'd be too crazy and disturbing.
2. Ch'Ti
Stripped of glory that I might be clothed
I've been asking myself this question a lot lately.
We may not see how with our eyes…
Soon-mi is itty-bitty. I'm sure she's around my age—at most maybe a year or two younger. Yet she stands a full head shorter than me.
and got the business of travelling underway. The food was delicious which is something
"Excuse me, may I ask what are you studying?"
The History of Whoo counter was right next to Ohui and while waiting for the SA to process my details for the duty free price, I decided to splurge and get the Whitening Sun BB even though it was so expensive I’d originally put it on my back-up shopping list. Good thing I got a discount on purchases at Lotte DFS by using my Visa Platinum Credit Card. lol..
This movie is about risk. And decision-making. And animal nature…our own.
DINGGGG DOOONNGGGG…..
And to be honest it isn't the most complicated rule to remember. It is far simpler to get the hang of than, for example, the present perfect. Or the use of "whom," semi colons and even commas.
The Festival features signature programs including the Filmmaker Retreat, Ford Amphitheater Outdoor Screenings, Poolside Chats, and more. The Festival also screens short films by high school students and has a section devoted to music videos.
Jeff and Em
UKIP? Don't make me laugh.
Ah and now the last card of this Team set starting Pitcher Jordan Zimmermann. Jordan was on the mound for the 2012 season's first loss to the Cubs. The team made a valiant effort and tried to come back in the 9th, but they were always behind this game. Oh well at least the Nats took the series before losing 4-3 on Sunday. Jordan went 7 innings (I'm glad our starters are going deep into the game now) allowed 2 runs on 6 hits and struck out 4 gives him a 1.29 ERA.
Lappe argued that by combining particular foods such as rice and beans, which was done in the diets of older cultures, vegetarians could obtain proteins that are as complete as protein derived from meat. The book sold millions of copies, and researchers have since confirmed that vegetarianism provides adequate amounts of dietary protein.
You can imagine the rapturous joy of fans everywhere when a sequel, Duke Nukem Forever, was announced in 1997, and scheduled to launch the following year. 1998 came, and no Duke Nukem, only a trailer at E3 and the announcement that the game developers would be switching from Quake to Unreal engine (hence the delay). Then came 2000, 2001, 2007, 2009. Still no sign of the Duke, only announcements about the game switching developers and some insubstantial teaser trailers. In other words, Duke Nukem died and went to development hell, seemingly forever. Read more about it here.
Purples and lavenders seem to pair especially well with the copper so I grabbed this pair of swirly beads from Bee Boo. I added some Chinese crystals for extra sparkle because the swirls on the lampwork have some sparkly goldstone in them.
for the world.
A good point is brought up, but this is something any blogger or journalist can study and bring to attention of the Dewan.
Then end all special privileges or even reserve land titles.
Thursday:I'm imagining myself a 1940s starlet, bravely wearing pants and in need of a cigarette holder despite the fact that I don't smoke... but I think I just come off looking pissed again.
Said Lukashenko of Cuba: “For Your numerous supporters all over the world, you are an ever spectacular example of passionate service to fatherland, to the cause of freedom and independence.”
there is a God who desires healing, wholeness and offers
1 fennel head
Todd and his friend Dan arrived at our home in February 1988. They joined our other houseguests, Linda and her two children, Emily, five, and Jenny, eighteen months. They were staying with our family (my husband Monte, daughter Sandy, son Nolan and myself) for three month.
Here’s a memory from one of the old Emigre magazines: British graphic designer and teacher Nick Bell dreamed up two “conceptual” fonts. One is Zelig, a typeface with the chameleon-like ability to change its appearance to something similar to whatever typeface it is placed next to. Another is Psycho, the printed version of which bears no relation to the words you type. Instead it leaves stab wounds in a piece of paper by randomly accessing a cutlery drawer as you type.
Barely awake, I let precious time go by
How do they know that we need to perceive to think?
I hadn't displayed my California Missions in a few years until Christmas. I put them around in a few places and really enjoyed seeing them, so decided to incorporate them into my current decor. I'm kind of into small lamps and little light displays, so these are perfect. I have some old bottle brush trees behind, but they are almost the color of the wood and very hard to see. I brought in some old classics that we've had for years and a tin piece that I've had for awhile.
WalkenTalken is long Zynga at 8.60.
Junker has been the head of the Euro Group since it was created in 2005.
Then we, E and S met up at downtown, and after many miscelangelous happenings (including the bus driver that S already told you about) we somehow managed to get home. (read= my place.)
The first year apart was horrible. Everything reminded me of them. I cried every day. I felt like a failure as a mother. My whole identity — the woman I had been for ten years, stay-at-home Super Awesome Mommy Extreme, was being torn apart. I had made a huge sacrifice and wondered in every moment if it was the right choice. Was I hurting my children? Would they be happy? Did I do the right thing? And who was I, if not Super Awesome Mommy Extreme? (I wrote a column about that first year over at Literary Mama.)
Oh the woes of the teenage life!
I went to Beth's today after lunch to get some shots of her blooming things. As you all will see this week blooming things tickle my fancy. Beth's yard is filled with fragrance too. I wish I could have photographed the smell of these Asiatic Lillies. Most people love them....they remind me of funerals and are suffocating to me.
Example: I spent Saturday at Youth Conference. Came home and the house was completely clean. Floors scrubbed, kitchen clean, toilets gleaming. He said that he just wanted me to come home and be able to relax and not have to worry about the house. Come on now. If that isn't true love is than I don't know what is.
He is one of more than 60 animals to be found at Paseo los Monos, in the Ecuadorian Amazon.
We appreciate your letter, but we are terribly sorry that ___ could not have the book for her eighth birthday. The new printing will be available for her ninth one though, and we are making a note now to be sure that you receive a complimentary copy. As a children's book editor, I was touched by your not wanting ___ to know only the Saggy, Baggy Elephant and I was therefore all the more upset by your very reasonable complaint against Mrs. Wilder's book.
A girl in my social network has a very fun blog about dating and her life with boys, she offers advice and funny videos and tells all, holding nothing back but names.
New Belgium Brewing Company, makers of Fat Tire Amber Ale and a host of Belgian-inspired beers, began operations in a tiny Fort Collins basement in 1991. Today, the third largest craft brewer in the U.S., New Belgium produces eight year-round beers; Fat Tire Amber Ale, Ranger IPA, Sunshine Wheat, Blue Paddle Pilsner, 1554 Black Ale, Abbey, Mothership Wit and Trippel, as well as a host of seasonal releases. In addition to producing world-class beers, New Belgium takes pride in being a responsible corporate role model with progressive programs such as employee ownership, open book management and a commitment to environmental stewardship. For more information, visit www.newbelgium.com.
Today, I printed on my dining table, wearing the apron that I wear when I bake with my daughter. I used spoons from my kitchen for the ink, and washed my screen off in the bath tub. That’s blending art and domesticity for you. I’m totally not set up for this kind of activity here, but that makes it all the more sweeter. I overcame the odds and screen printed today! Who needs a studio? Well, maybe I do. I’ll get there one day.
That queues too long for me my son,
The show started with a set from Robbo and the boys and they sounded very smooth and polished, despite the years and miles since their last performance. Then it was Nicki's turn. We've been using a radio mike for her shows so she was able to make her entrance through the crowd as we played her opening number "Lucy Jordan". The rest of the set were mostly her own songs, and despite the unfamiliarity of the material she won the crowd over with an electric performance.
When I first started putting the book together, I planned to include a quote to go with each photograph, like Hand-me-downs but without the stories. In the end, I decided to keep the quotes/life philosophies, but include them at the end in one complete list, rather than distract from the local images.
As such, I find it impossible to define, clearly at least, just how captivating the film is, how breathlessly its story develops through each vivid tableau, and how much the use of the camera - blocking and revealing objects like the orbiting planets of the opening scene - creates a feeling of dizzying insanity, as tangible for the audience as the plague of madness that descends upon its characters. This is something that cannot be explained, only experienced.
So here is my Stamp Man DT piece, I hope you like it. If you want to see how to do this technique in more detail it is in the Compendium of Curiosities Volume 1.
The most recent was an adult who died at Komani Psychiatric hospital in Queenstown, due to an untreated wound.
FRI. 9/26 - MERCY & THE MERKETTES @ CARMINE'S IN SOUTH PASADENA, 9pm - 1am. 424 Fair Oaks Ave. 626-799-2266. R&B, Funk, Motown, Rock, Dance music.
After breakfast we headed to Chadstone to pick up a few bits and pieces. It's the fashion capital after all. Here we ran into an uni friend who is a fellow foodie and actually gave us a cocktail idea for the wedding. Snap. So nice to see you, Ben! Ben appreciates weekend deliciousness.
Later ...Marie
Finally, today I pulled out one more batch of scraps, mostly from Sixteen Sparkles, and using this quilt by Red Pepper Quilts as inspiration I started to put together another baby quilt. I think it's going to be pretty cute! The white I'm using here is broadcloth, a poly/cotton mix, which I happened to have and wanted to use up and let's just say I won't be using it in quilting again! It distorts SO easily with pressing and piecing and I've had to do a fair bit of trimming and tugging and re-pressing. Thankfully, quilting (and washing!) tends to cover up a multitude of problems so I think it'll end up okay.
Not to be outdone, three days ago The London Stock Exchange Group announced it is in exclusive talks with LCH.Clearnet Group regarding a p a majority stake in the London-based clearing house. This give the LSE more downstream control of transaction, and would also make the LSE a bigger competitor against the omnivorous NYSE Euronext axis.
Similarities
Pomegranate skin itself contains substances that can prevent diarrhea. Because the content can be efficacious in which poison the tapeworm using pelletierine alkaloid substance, which is the first alkaloid found in the fruit. Therefore, rind has been used in traditional medicine, which is used to eliminate intestinal worms and diarrhea.
This brush is not super dense but I think that you don't want something super dense when you're just trying to apply a wash of colour to your face. The hairs are really soft and the pick up pigment perfectly. I washed it a few times and it hasn't shed any hairs which is another plus.
“Supposing truth is a woman – what then?” Lars Von Trier has answered Nietzsche’s question in this film. Nature is the truth, and in Antichrist woman is the embodiment of nature. She is beyond good and evil. “Mother Nature” is terrifying if left to her own devices. She requires the repression and sublimation of her forces in order to build civilization and to avoid the reign of chaos. “Thus man likes woman peaceful – but woman is essentially unpeaceful, like a cat, however well she may have trained herself to seem peaceful” (Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil, Aphorism 131).
So I'm grateful for so much this season- new friends and old friends, family nearby and family far away, and the fact that God has blessed us with so much to be thankful for- like a new home and neighborhood, new educational opportunities for the kids (Classical Conversations), and mainly just the stability of family life together and the love we share with one another.
I got a hint of what this might be when, a few hours later, the Chortle comedy industry website ran a story saying:
My heart didn’t belong to me
Thinking about it (as God knows I do! lol!) Now,…Lazarus would have had to have wiggled across the floor first, then using his “head”, neck, and back,…He would have had to, very slowly, put trial and error, and somewhat painful effort into getting UP those STEPS!!! Just picture how “you” would have to get up the stairs if you were wrapped up like he was???
Photo credit: Pottery Barn Kids
She will be there whenever you need her.
I do love to decorate this porch for the different seasons,
Supinski was arrested and charged with felony battery and aggravated assault with a deadly weapon.
And then spring arrives on the 20th!!! Yahhhhh!!!!
Favorite actor/actress: That’s a tough one. Megan Fox.
I'm trying not to freak myself out. It could be the wacky weather we're having...cold, then warm, then rainy, then cold, then rainy, then warm, then cold. Ad nauseam. I think it's safe to say she has some arthritis in that joint, she also has arthritis in her hocks. I'm praying it's the weather.
Great article, I may have 2-3 work husbands…
Cover the bowl and place in the refrigerator for at least an hour or two. Until fish is opaque and firm. (The acids of the lemon juice cook the fish).
If your exercise routine is off track, start by finding something you really enjoy doing — walking, biking, or swimming — and adding 10 minutes of that exercise to your day. Before you know it, exercise will have become a daily routine.
And then they came for the conservative media, And I didn’t speak up because I wasn’t a member of the conservative media;
In the meantime, I need to stay away from the fabric store!
more interested in tormenting than sitting still.
and you are a citizen, that's fine. But if someone is applying to be a
Romans 12:2
I almost didn’t write this post for fear that she wouldn’t approve. I mean, she only recently became aware of my existence. What if she didn’t like me? What if she thought I was weird (which I totally am)? What if she thought I was her stalker? What if she KNEW I was her stalker and got a restraining order against me?
My Experience With Content Mills
During last year's marathon I was in Brooklyn, where Fort Greene tumbles down into Clinton Hill which promptly runs into Bedford-Stuyvesant. I took note of the many people giving that supportive hand to the runners. Eventually I reached the corner of Bedford and Lafayette avenues, across from KFC in what is usually accepted to still be Bed-Stuy. I noticed a spectator whose entire method of handshake, hand clasp, high five giving, separated him from the rest and that was Danny. Clearly he chose his spot, that corner where literally and sometimes figuratively the race turns. His hand remained aloft, just enough into the race as to matter, all the time I was there and I imagined long before and after. He was the Grizzly of the stream for that corner, except that instead of destroying hope with a swat he seemed to pound life and good will back into the runners he caught.
Mopane worms are the larvae of the Emperor Moth – a giant velvety moth that bats against the windows in the evenings of early summer. It comes in shades of pinks and browns – old rose colours – and has two enormous false eyes on its wings. The moths live for four or five days – long enough to produce a batch of eggs. The eggs become mopane worms who feed voraciously and then burrow underground to pupate through winter.
Onward is not just a book about coffee (although Schultz loves coffee), it is about love for a company and a leader who wanted to stay true to what that company was all about.
When we ask questions, we expect answers most of the time. That’s just how the world is. But I think each of us has these little questions deep within ourselves that never seem to be answered. There just doesn’t even seem to be an answer. And this is when some of us become troubled and confused, doubtful and even angry.
ROB RIGGS- It’s important for people to know that the Bragg Light is not just an isolated phenomenon. We’re not just talking about people in East Texas who are seeing this light. These lights are seen in various places around the world. There are two famous lights in Texas that everybody knows—the Marfa Lights in West Texas and this one.
If anyone else wants to do the same let me know and (if I like it) I will post it here!
EGMONT was founded 130 years ago in Copenhagen, Denmark, and has since grown into a global company with offices in London, New York and Sydney. All the offices are known to work closely together. Apart from being the biggest children’s book publisher in the UK, they are also the No. 1 character publisher in the UK (more about this later).
I don’t know if a historical mystery can also be classified as a “cozy” but it fits with this book. The book cover calls it a “Leonardo da Vinci Mystery”. Leonardo is not really the crime solver, however. It is Dino, his apprentice, that takes front stage.
Sage Cardstock
He said in a statement they had come to an agreement to continue using the novel for the literature component of the Bahasa Malaysia subject for Form Five students. The novel will continue to be used in Kuala Lumpur, Putrajaya, Selangor and Negri Sembilan.
First Contact is the only real highlight among TNG movies. It is not a perfect film by any measure, but its flaws are not so overwhelming they ruin the experience. Heck, even the sequence in which Cochran looks at Riker and says, ’so you’re all astronauts on some kind of star trek?” does not ruin it and line prompted the first audible full audience groan I have ever heard in a theater. True story.
To ruin Jim's whole day:
The boys were playing hide and seek, and not fighting, which is a miracle, but not the funny thing...
I find it indicative of the stupidity of some of the commentators on the issue that accuse Canada of racism in their refugee policies. Canada has a wonderful refugee programme that accepts people from all over the world and of all hues. I have known Vietnamese, Colombian, Chilean, Somali, American (draft dodgers from Vietnam), Rwandan, Palestinian, Russians and know of numerous other nationals living as refugees in Canada. All were accepted on a case-by-case basis and never on the basis of their race. Some of these may have been false claims, some of these drains on the social system, but most settle in and work and live as Canadians. We are an immigrant nation and I know few people without recent historic memory of another place and identity.
me: what is happy?
The ship’s engines pulsed methodically, vibrating the deck underneath the purposeful strides of the ship’s captain. Captain Vendo whistled a complicated tune as he walked his rounds.
Uttara saw the approaching weapon first and turned, panic-stricken, to K<U+1E5B><U+1E63><U+1E47>a for help. The Pa<U+1E47><U+1E0D>ava’s instinctively reached for their own weapons, but K<U+1E5B><U+1E63><U+1E47>a knew that such weapons were useless now, and there was no time for any other approach. So he took up his own weapon, the great discus of Vi<U+1E63><U+1E47>u which drew the perilous blast into its vortex and neutralized it. This saved the Pa<U+1E47><U+1E0D>avas, but an unborn child is very sensitive and easily injured. To give special protection to this child in Uttara’s womb, K<U+1E5B><U+1E63><U+1E47>a used his mystical power – which is within every atom as the soul of every soul – to form a shield around the womb and absorb the radiation from the blast.
Tricky!
Travel is a big part of it. Among them I want to see Vermont and Rhode Island, preferably in the fall. They’re the only two states I haven’t seen of the lower 48. Alaska, which I also haven’t seen, will be my final frontier.
That one aspect to the story came very close to the end of the book so it didn't take away from how much I enjoyed reading it. It did leave me feeling the book was close to perfect, but just shy of getting a perfect rating for me. I mean this is a REALLY good book. :)
Not me
“Never Fall Down” is similar to Dave Eggers‘ fictionalized memoir of Sudanese child soldier Valentino Achak Deng in “What Is the What,” but it differs from McCormick’s 2008 National Book Award finalist, “Sold.” For that book she interviewed several Nepalese and Indian sex slave survivors, fusing their stories into a single, fictionalized character. “Never Fall Down” is a blend of Pond’s memories and McCormick’s research and imagination. “The truth,” McCormick writes, “is right there between the lines.”
Useless Fact: There were several pre-order packages offered and we, of course, got the deluxe edition with four extra tracks and a DVD. Haven't watched the DVD yet though.
When the stroller is parked, use the baby carrier, baby backpack or the harness. It's such a great idea to keep those little ones close, who invented the toddler leash anyway? Whoever did, I love that woman! Must have been a woman, it's so wonderful! The backpack and baby carriers are very popular too, and wonderful. Anything to keep the parents comfortable and the little ones safely closeby while standing in line is well worth it to bring along.
Only four of eleven fights went to a decision, which is more indicative of the experience range in fighters than overall how exciting it was. I can’t get over the fact that Liz Carmouche fought a girl with only one professional fight, that should have never been put together by the promotion or accepted by the commission. This fight alone devalued most of the card for me showing the need for better match makers.
Don’t give into that temptation!
If I owe you money, brother, get in line
I have this nagging feeling that there is still something wrong with the picture - and I can't pinpoint what. I know some areas that I could have done better technically - but that isn't it. If you have any ideas, I'd be interested to hear. Or maybe I've just beaten myself over the head with this picture for too long.
Romance, for me, is another really tough genre to pitch because basically there are no new stories under the sun nor is the ending in question.
A couple of days ago on the spur of a moment we stopped in to visit Jeanette, a pleasant older woman, we’ve come to know through her sons, Rick and Fred. It’s been nearly a year since we last visited and the age progression continues to take its toll. We thought we might encourage her with a brief visit.
In New York
- wait for the dog’s to arrive at the pick-up stop.
Belt: Round studs & rivets leather belt from NEW LOOK
You know we have all done it, I’m guilty, lying around in my pjs listening to the most depressing song over and over again on repeat, depressed over what has come. You question yourself why, why weren’t you good enough or why didn’t you feel the same way as the other person. So you mourn your short lived relationship or sex relationship and after a night of drinks flowing, feelings appear out of the drunken haze that you should do the unquestionable. You drunk/text dial the old acquainted and make the mistake of “backsliding” into their bed.
"Orange juice"
The chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Martin Dempsey, ordered the inquiry April 24, the same day he canceled “Perspectives on Islam and Islamic Radicalism,” a training course that asserted that Islam was at war with the West. The course had been offered as an elective at the Joint Forces Staff College in Norfolk, Va., since 2004.
And all the while, a kindly old gentleman stood at his window watching ........ and smiling.
I am playing out some shit from past relationships on you. You have similar qualities as men I have dated who are noncommital and checked out. But also very kind and sensitive and sweet. I react to you in ways that have everything to do with my insecurities and baggage about men. Sometimes I am normal and friendly with you. Other times I am bitchy. Real weird.
Hail to the Sovereign of the Underworld–Rejoice! You are praised!
FAMU goes down early to FVSU (no homo) and after a virtual minstrel show of cacophonic buffoonery on the field by FAMU, the Rattlers manage to start pulling away at the half. FVSU 12, FAMU 21. I'm actually still polishing off my Saint Arnold Bock for U of H beating the Bruins, but I'll take one for the team and pour another beer.
If these organisations continue to think within the box and do not expand their struggling objective from Malays to the country and all Malaysians, the country will forever split. The country’s economic pie will not be able to expand without the cooperation of all Malaysians. How could you expect others to help you if you think only about the interests of your own racial group?
The Black Hills Wild Horse Sanctuary is actually part of the Institute of Range and American Mustang (IRAM), a non-profit corporation founded by Dayton Hyde in 1988. IRAM owns and manages 11,000 acres of private land dedicated to range preservation and a balanced ecosystem.
‘At least I’ll have a life without you.’
Video or still photos?
The matter of the email evidence, its alleged disappearance and subsequent retrieval, is clearly material, substantial and relevant to the case.
Glen needs your help! We had 8 volunteers today and did not get everything completed before the rain came pouring down.
Coca-Cola claimed that it was the first company to register the trade mark at the Brazilian National Institute of Industrial Property (INPI) back in 2004. It further argued that the mark is not merely descriptive, since it has no meaning. Among the arguments, it claimed Ordinance 27/1998 of the Ministry of Health which handles sign that are not registrable as trade mark – in this case it does not allow the use of the word zero in conjunction with other words, such as sugar. This is so, because the intention of the words is to inform consumers about the composition of the products. Furthermore, the company claimed that the use of the mark ‘zero’ by AMBEV is taking advantage and used unfairly (i.e. unfair competition law) and noted that the use will confuse consumers. However this latter argument was dismissed by the rapporteur of the case, Francisco Loureiro, explaining that the word zero does not produce confusion among the consumers since the package of Coca-Cola and AMBEV are quite different – adding that both products are well consolidated and differentiated in the market. In other words, it is saying that the most distinctive a mark is, the less it would lead to cause confusion.
But in this instance, I just cant help myself. I wanted to show off a spanking new initiative between this firm (now nicknamed WB) and a major engineering firm.
Pedal while standing
I was meeting with a law firm the other day, trying to figure out what set them apart from the competition — their “key differentiators.”
Here's the full list:
This book is therefore darker and more intense than the one before. We are haunted by the cruelty of the Capitol and we see Katniss’ confusion about her role in a larger, grander political scheme. There are also claims of the existence of District 13, but the most important and shocking aspect of this book has to be Haymitch’s duplicity. He lies to both Katniss and Peeta about keeping the other alive, he pretends to not care about Katniss’s claims about a revolution and he sacrifices Peeta’s life. We learn about a plan that has been in motion long before the Quell was announced, and we see the formation of a new order. The next book promises to give us an insightful look into the making of the revolution, and seems to indicate the most explosive ending yet. I can’t wait!
elm crowns floating like green balloons just prior
Amid mounting pressure from the U.S. and elsewhere on Mugabe to stand down, Harare continues to look to its allies to block meaningful U.N. action. Closed-door ministerial-level council talks were underway in New York on Monday.
“Okay,” the older man consented, hoping to urge the conversation on. “There is no easy way to say what I’ve got to say, so I’ll just come out with it, shall I?”
This is the small fishing town (pop. less than 25,000) of Nerja. It is very picturesque, & even though it has become a tourist destination, it hasn't succumbed to the concrete & high-rise buildings that has blighted many of the other Costa del Sol towns & cities. I would loved to have eaten in this lovely little restaurant, but they were not open.
Tomorrow we celebrate Mother's Day. Like in the UK we celebrate it on the second Sunday in May.
Come on, come on.
So that’s all you have to do to enter – if you are not a signed up member of Word Press – well why not!! It doesn’t cost you anything and you can be a part of, and comment on, many wonderful blogs.
“Teacher, I no can do.” Yes, you can. Attach the negative not to can ( to form cannot or can’t). Remember that do, just like have, needs a direct object — you can’t do what? “Teacher, I can’t do the exercise.” You may also eliminate do altogether and say, for example, “I can’t remember how to spell this word.”
Movies!
The failure of the scientific method in attaining any efficacious change in the full persuasion of one’s mind in matters of religion, renders pointless the need for proofs or evidence to be submitted to anyone for scrutiny. Every private man’s search and study discovers the truth of the matter unto himself. Indeed, the man to whom the proofs or evidence must be supplied will have his hands full making his own salvation sure. It would be even more treacherous for a man who cares for his soul to submit evidence for scrutiny to someone who has a complete lack of care for his own soul. An atheist is a very poor man indeed to receive advice from on matters of religion.
Scan type : Interlaced
How can you help parents through the emotional roller coaster associated with selecting the best child care, and be most sensitive and responsive to their feelings? Here are some of the ways you can make sure your enrollment prospects are having the emotional reaction you want them to.
#100: WMU Concerto Competition Recital. Of the entire music school at Western Michigan University, only three soloists are selected to perform a concerto (backed up by the orchestra) as part of the annual concert. And Ishtar was one of them! Since I’d heard him practice the Sibelius Violin Concerto for almost a year now, I was excited to hear it with the other instruments added in. Although, the best part of the concert for me was overhearing a bunch of old men behind me, who apparently knew everything about Ishtar’s life history (and even some made up parts like “I hear he had a really rough life” … hahah, puh-leaze). Back on track: Ishtar was absolutely phenomenal, and it was also nice to see my Kalamazoo friends again! I wish I had a video, but I only have this picture, which I stole from Facebook.
They themselves were fully at rest, they suffer’d not,
Winter in Canada is a sneaky thing. Just when you think it’s gone for good, and days upon days of mild, spring-like weather have occurred, a massive overnight snowstorm will hit. Yesterday, when I went to bed, the grass was showing in our lawn, and a day’s worth of rain had washed the last of the muddy-looking snow away. This morning, it was like waking up to a silent winter wonderland. Yes, it’s much prettier than the muddy snow-leftovers, but it just means that winter is still in full-swing. Ugh. Enough complaining though…
and cascading vines
Logan says, "We were REALLY freaked at first!"
I feel quiet light watching the dark..games up …its great watching them fall over themselves.
The ceremony celebrated the collaborative milestone marking the beginning of the construction of this $28.2 million federally-funded station, to be built at 20201 W. Michigan Avenue, west of the Southfield Freeway at the entrance to Dearborn’s west downtown.
I also think that the enthusiasm of xenophilia can cause us to overlook the bad qualities inherent in the culture we're obsessed with. Studying a culture doesn't always prepare you for living in it. In particular, if you think everything is going to be as clean as it looks on paper and as rosy as seen from afar, you're in for an unpleasant shock.
She's really not my type at all,
An accident happens and the boy, Terry becomes very sick and will never be able to play again. He is stuck in bed everyday living with his mother in a small, dark and stuffy cottage until one day Ruth's Aunt goes and visits him and invites Terry & his mother to come and live in her home. Terry & his mother moves in with Ruth and the family. Terry is cared for there by everyone and passes away. Ruth struggles with understanding death and why the Lord didn't heal Terry but took him to heaven instead. A local christian shepherd is able to explain to her the Terry's life here on earth was over and it was all part of the Lords plan.
1/4 cup fresh lemon juice
It’s easier to find one drop
Nearly 80 percent of disease in developing countries is linked to bad water and sanitation. Now a scientist at Michigan Technological University has developed a simple, cheap way to make water safe to drink, even if it is muddy.
Fill the empty skins with the mix, and top with grated cheese if you’re ok with that.
Friday we got to sleep in a little bit before we headed to Wild Wing Café around noon where the open shades, 70-degree weather and unlimited hot wings convinced us all we were in Florida and that it was summertime. At Wild Wing Café, Connor attempted “The Saltine Challenge”. The challenge is to eat ten saltine crackers in one minute without a beverage. Connor’s valiant effort for legend status was to no avail. I’m voting for “The Gallon Challenge” (drinking a gallon of milk in an hour without throwing up) to take place on our next off day.
If you take a look at the image below, you'll realise why the feet are so unusually positioned. And as you can see, I wasn't the only person shooting the statue at the time!
So I had (have?) this theory that if you don't use just one pacifier or bottle nipple the baby won't get nipple confusion because you'll teach them right away that there are different types of nipples and that you suck on each of them differently and they'll easily be able to tell what the boob nipple is and latch well on it. True? Giving newborns way too much credit? No idea, since we've had so many non-latch related issues with breastfeeding (from the start; pacifiers had nothing to do with it). Regardless, she does take four different types of pacifier with four very different nipples somewhat readily. That is, she'll take it on HER terms when SHE wants. If she doesn't want a pacifier at that point there is no way in hell you're going to get her to take it. But if she just wants to suck, she'll take it with no problem. A lot of breastfeeding resources say no pacifier, and that the baby should get all their sucking needs on mom's breast, but since she wanted to suck 24/7 and I like my nipples attached to my body, that wouldn't work for us. Girl likes to suck, and suck hard. (Please no dirty sex jokes about my newborn). We have the Natursutten orthodontic nipple, Natursutten round nipple, Gumdrop, and the hospital one, which is a lot like the GumDrop but softer. The hospital and Natursutten orthodontic are her favorites.
And what is up next for me? Working on new designs to show in Paris and New York in January 2012. My collection is growing slowly but steadily and so is our client base. One can not conquer the world overnight although my impatient character wishes otherwise of course. Building a brand takes time, never losing confidence in yourself is vital, my road is "twisty and turny" and I hope that you are willing to bear with me during my bumpy despite my little disappearing acts. I am not making promises but I will do my best to suprise you with more frequent postings in the coming months!
Video and music files are large(Uncompressed 1080i high-definition video recorded at 60 frames per second eats up 410 gigabytes per hour of vide), they become difficult to transfer across the Internet quickly. To help speed up downloads, mathematical “codecs” were built to encode (“shrink”) a signal for transmission and then decode it for viewing or editing. Without codecs, downloads would take three to five times longer than they do now.
so i guess nobody's lonely any more
Silpat, the original non-stick baking mat, is an eco-friendly kitchen tool and can be used thousands of times, if cared for properly. Use it in place of parchment paper to cut down on waste.
after being snowed in my house would be immaculate, laundry would be 100% dominated, pictures hung, and I would have organized at least one closet?
And a footnote.. if we ever do get the power (we handed over) back from the politicians-bankers-lobbyists, it would be a good idea to learn from our mistakes for a change. Power corrupts, so no one should be given too much power. It’s simple, if you don’t have it, you can’t abuse it.
Question #44: What appalling thing does Jeremiah do after he apologizes to Belly for his mistake?
Discerning the Voice of God was my introduction to Shirer’s writing and teaching, and I have to say, I want to read more. She speaks from the heart with conviction and confidence. Her teaching is to the point and simple, bringing clarity not creating confusion. Her passion for the Lord and His truth comes through in her writing.
Not everyone reacts negatively to my atrocious scrawls. Some would even squeal with delight saying, Ang panget ng handwriting mo, puwede ka na mag-doctor! Many doctors share my seismographic handwriting. I wonder, does the medical community attract people with bad handwriting, or are doctors simply busy bees who are always in a rush to scribble down prescriptions? I have no proof for the former, and the latter can’t always hold true. Some doctors have all the time in the world, sitting in their offices, chatting with their patients, joking with their assistants, still they manage to come up with nothing but the worst scrawl of black ink.
In May 2001 we found out that Buster needed surgery. It was sort of a shock, since he had never been sick a day in his life, but now he had a big fatty tumor, non-malignant, growing inside his abdominal cavity. We had a lot of faith in his vet, Dr. Faulkner, at American River Animal Hospital, and Buster trusted her too.
We quickly pulled a u turn and were on our way back to the way we came in. Again another big OMG from me. When we got there they put the fence back up. They must have been a working crew in the midst of fixing it. I assume when we happened upon it they were all on lunch or break. So here we are stuck in the United States and having to drive until we reached the customs entrance back into Canada. I was so freaked out thinking I didn't have my passport, I had Jack and what if they wanted to take him apart and look inside his urn. Were we going to be allowed back into our own country? Were we going to be sent to jail?
The Woman is a highly divisive movie, but one you need to see for yourself before you condemn it. For me, it's one of the best horror movies of the year.
Each and every day when my little ones hop off of the bus and come running in through the front door, they take off all their gear and give their mama some major hugs! That's my favorite part. And then they take out piles and piles of paperwork. Piles. And more piles. It's like crazy amounts of papers each and every day.
I greeted the caller, “Drivethroughguy, how can I help you?,” in my best professional phone voice. A young man replied that his balls were swollen and he wanted to know what to do.
Tempering curiosity with restraint
21. Happy Cinco de Marzo! Oh, wait, sorry. I’ll be back in a couple of months.
In Jill’s room, the throw is more lavender than pink, but I thought pink would look better in my house. And the more I thought about it, the less I really cared if it really looked like Jill’s or not. In truth, I was starting to like the Les Indiennes pillows. I had never gotten used to the plain brown velvet pillows – and I think these add a nice pop. And by a strange stroke of fortuitous luck, I had Hien Lam make me an extra set of pillows in hot pink linen, which I think I can add a few into this mix if I want to get rid of the pink throw.
Who's your favourite fictional hero?
Edward F. Geraghty, 45, Rockville Centre, N.Y.
So I haven't been posting these last couple months like I usually do. I think that I have needed to find a little bit of peace on my own before writing about all of this. This entire process has been a rollar coaster of emotions, and I have finally stepped off. It took a long time for me to decide to give up on hope and let go of all I had pictured for my family, but I am to be where I am today. My life has finally hit the calm after the storm, and I have amazing people in my life making me smile and keeping me strong every single day.
Again, I'm sorry. I tried to be the best, most fashion-forward mom ever. But sometimes, I had to do what I had to do.
That show was an eye opening moment for me. Deep down I have always known that I needed to let things go so we both can move on with our lives. But yes, it is easier said than done. However, that day was the beginning of actually knowing and wanting to really put things behind me and to Let It Go. I am still struggling with this but I am now consciously making efforts to release all the bad memories and pain and to just Surrender…
On the road to Pittsburgh for 9/16.
I think the highest I ever got was 17 days. If memory serves, the very next sentence of that entry was, “That is too much to write about so I am skipping it.”
But to say that we are so very weary of transition is just the biggest understatement of the century. Housing is a huge concern right now.
It wouldn’t be smart for us to go home and wait for labor to progress when the risk of infection was there. In those moments, I was 100% crushed. I really did not want to have our baby in that hospital. I felt like all of the preparation and work I’d done over my pregnancy was for nothing and it was a really depressing half hour or so for me. Kara left Jake
I used a teeny tiny reference photo from a biology book. One of the patches on its head is supposed to be red, but it’s going to be black and white for now.
Starting off on an easy foot, the mirrors open up the room. They give a depth to the shots, establish the location, and rather frequently a reflected character will be out of frame. It creates an excitement when we are allowed a peek into the off-screen space and see stuff outside of the frame.
In amongst the boiler-plate sociological techniques suggested are some workshop exercises where staff are brought together and subjected to variants of the discredited and unethical Delphi Technique. There is a gratuitous graphic of 'social influencers on children', a handy decision tree about factors in human behaviour and potential tools to change it toward desired ends including naming and shaming, limiting access, automatic enrolment, taxes, regulation, forced choice and fines. These people are sick, and they are making other people sick with their vile indoctrination.
I don’t remember exactly what happened next, but I do know I was dashing for the icebox to attend to the oncoming edema when, out of nowhere, I was hit in the back of the head with the Makati telephone directory. I hit the freshly waxed floor and blacked out. Before I lost consciousness, I faintly remember Shane yelling at me “Mahal mo ba ako???”, over and over again.
So the charts for the United Kingdom show Vancouver based Radical Entertainment has created an international hit. The game opened to a less sales then the initial Prototype but it had more then enough Oomph to topple the leader Witcher 2.
There is no global warming. What warming occurred was entirely natural, a response to the end of a previous period of cooling that ended around 1850.
The moon will officially become full Saturday (May 5) at 11:35 p.m. EDT. And because this month’s full moon coincides with the moon’s perigee — its closest approach to Earth — it will also be the year’s biggest.
sometimes i can't believe that i've stuck with it for a full year,
Ehrlich, who was described as alarmist in the 1970s but who says most of his predictions have proved correct, says he was gloomy about humanity's ability to feed over 9 billion people. "We have 1 billion people hungry now and we are going to add 2.5 billion. They are going to have to be fed on more marginal land, from water that is purified more or transported further, we're going to have disproportionate impacts on how we feed people from the population increase itself," he said.
juice of l lime
Before your children get to three years old, you may want to practice, you know, so you don’t accidentally eat them at some point during that rewarding and calming year. Here are my suggestions, ways to practice, if you will, for the three year old you will someday have.
We had a great evening with friends and other bloggers. We need to run cause we have another event this evening!
Eggplant - 3 (big)
The Platinum pack offers additionally, book returnability, New York Review of Books and Newswire advert. Free author copies are set at 250 paperback and 25 hardback, again, there is an increase in the press and marketing outputs. The price, $12999.
Heather Draper – can’t think of any individual advice but I have a couple of motto’s I live by. “ look at the solution not at the problem” and “be the architect of your own life”
last name, richly perplexedly Gaelic
Onto alliteration. According to Webster’s Dictionary, alliteration is “the commencement of two or more words of a word group with the same letter.”
I am very pleased with my efforts on the day. I pushed hard from start to finish, executed a great nutrition plan thanks to Hammer Nutrition, rode 45 miles the day before, and focused on keeping good form during the race. I want to give a special shout out to my dad who averaged an 8min pace over the course after crushing the bike the day before and having to carry that super buff body up the hills. Many thank to K-Swiss and Injinji for keeping my feet happy, and TP Therapy for allowing me to walk today haha.
Every vehicle with a "Dads Taxi", "Baby on Board" or other stupid sign or sticker.
we’re all human why trust us,
Paul Murray is an Irish novelist. He studied English Literature at Trinity College, Dublin, and has a Masters degree in creative writing from the UEA. His first novel, an Evening of Long Goodbyes was shortlisted for the Whitbread Prize in 2003 and nominated for the Kerry irish Fiction Award. Following his recently published and critically acclaimed, Skippy Dies, he was recently named by the Daily Telegraph as one of the best British novelists under 40 (even though, as the Private Eye pointed out, he is actually Irish!).
- salt and fresh black pepper, to taste
The Occupation Of Father Time
As I left Waverly Station on the Train That Was Destined Never to Arrive, I had a thought. What a bloody marvellous thing the Edinburgh International Book Festival is. I do hope they invite me again one day.
Things you never...ever say to a Special needs parent. In no particular order
Well - 2000AD is a Magazine that has given work to a lot of new professionals. It has a Rock spirit and maintains the spirit of comics for young people, but in an intelligent way. It's a fetish of popular culture from 20th century and now the 21st.
Not with this book, but I certainly have experienced rejection in my career. It took me many years to break into the children’s illustration field. I learned how to pick myself up and move on when I didn’t get a project, or, in the case of a picture book idea I pitched several years ago, when I had to accept that a project would never get past the drawing board stage.
Amazing, isn’t it? If I were French, not only would I be able to choose who I wanted to become President, but I would also be able to choose my very own MP to boot! And all this done without any quibble about cost or logistics.
Monday is Valentine's Day, and while I'm not one for celebrating Hallmark holidays, I think Valentine's Day can be an occasion to express affection for anyone close.
EAU DE COLOGNE P6293
Siddall said that he did not know whether the retracted paper’s estimate of sea level rise was an overestimate or an underestimate.
Blow through my garden,
For my LO I used solid AC Cardstock and printed paper from the DEAR LIZZY collection - which is a christmas themed collection but I loved how the banners and colors worked with my celebratory LO.
218 3. Book Review: Morton White, Philosophy, "The Federalist,” and the Constitution (New York, 1987). Ethics, vol. 99, pp. 655-58 (1989).
There comes a time in every woman's life when she must yield to the inevitable. For me, that time is now.
near and afar,
I bought books on how to query and be published. Very quickly I discovered I was a guppy swimming with sharks. One needs an agent to find a publisher. Agents like to take on authors who have an interested publisher. Huh? I need an agent to get a publisher, and to get an agent I need a publisher?
As you see, I don't agree with some of what's said, and it would be wrong to assume agreeing with "every point" is how every seriously ill person feels.
Remember when I mentioned needing to not only learn how to work my sewing machine but actually open the box?
Amidst the humidity, take a moment to slow down and appreciate nature. Hear the calls of the birds and the whisper of the forest canopy. Talking of canopy, you can now appreciate tree top views by walking on the tree-top bridge. While I was walking there, a hummingbird flew and stopped at a fruit tree. A few moments later, another hummingbird flew by. Really wish I brought along the telephoto lens. A close-up would have been sweet precious memories. Moments like this only came by once in a while.
The original recipe is for a potato, pea and cauliflower curry, so I usually make it when we have a cauliflower plus our usual glut of potatoes in our weekly fruit and veg box (we always have frozen peas, not petit pois but the slightly larger ones, which you can get in excellent quality here in Britain). But as you can see from my pictures below, you can modify it to feature other vegetables.
It was also nice to hear his voice again. When I haven't heard it for a long time, it's always a little higher and a little softer than I remember. And then I get all bashful and blush cause it's been a while since we talked and I get a tiny bit nervous. Silly, I know. But, he can still give me butterflies after all this time. ^_^
I can live through the cold and the being alone,
Turned cold by your sadness
Keep these facts in mind when "donating". As you open your pockets
This is how I wash all of our eggs:
2. If you are a nonblogger or if you don't feel like doing a post on your own blog, then another option is to tell us about a new blogger. If you know a blogger who may not know about Cindy's book or has never came by this wondrous amazing blog of mine, then simply leave them a comment on their blog inviting them to enter the contest and then leave a comment here with a link to your invite. The more new bloggers you invite and link to, the more raffle chances you get so spread the word!!!
But recently, the fen was in the news. The West Wales Wildlife Trust had improved the boardwalk that gives access to what is essentially a glacial floodplain, a new bird hide had been installed and there was talk of otters in the reed beds. So the other week we took the unclassified lane from Castle Morris to Llangloffan wondering what we'd find.
How you actually do the plan is a matter of personal preference; it may take a while to figure out what works best for you. You might start with a mind-map, to get all your main ideas down, then group ideas into sections and start fleshing out the details. Or you could start with the conclusion – once you know where you’re going, it’s easier to write your way there!
Any how....I want to put a link here which is Dutch. It is a recipe, vegitarian, oriental. I have applied for the free digital recipe book "Milk & Honey". I might make this one day soon. If any one is interested, I will translate the recipe once I have it, or order it yourself: Melk & Honing gratis receptenboek
Elie Wiesel's great struggle is against indifference. He has said:
Planned Release Date
Doctor Who's commander-in-chief, Steven Moffat, writes exclusively for DWM in PRODUCTION NOTES! Find out what the Moff things of his nickname, how he's getting along (or not) with the script for the Christmas Special and what he had for lunch in New York!
Welcome to Our Daily Bread Design's Alumni Team's bi-monthly For the Love Blog Hop. The Alumni team along with some of the ODBD designers are featuring a hop for the For the Love of ODBD Easter Sets! Check out each link and leave a comment. If you get lost along the way, go to the ODBD blog for the full link list. One post is a hop hot spot and a name will be drawn from that list of comments to win a $15 ODBD store gift certificate. So, all you have to do is hop along and see all the creations and leave a little love! You have until Wednesday, April 11th at 6 pm EDT. The winner will be announced April 12th! So, get hopping and enjoy all the Easter inspiration using For the Love of ODBD Easter Sets!
Nordstrom BP Vneck
hardships in their homeland, to carve out a new life in America. The
There are only a couple of places left for the Postcards from Bangalow Writing & Gourmet Experience. Held over the Queen's Birthday long weekend in June in the beautiful village of Bangalow, this unique writing event will awaken your creativity and indulge your senses.
This composite image shows the distribution of dark matter, galaxies, and hot gas in the core of the merging galaxy cluster Abell 520, formed from a violent collision of massive galaxy clusters.
PEREDUR and VELLOCATUS fight.
In his own "State Of The Union Address" one half of Smif-n-Wessun drudges through some pretty hard truths and beckons for real change...I found it kinda surprising that Steele thinks that Obama himself is just a "pawn", but the rest I wholeheartedly felt was a good look and more true to life...
I’m sure there are times when I should have done research, but that doesn’t mean I did it, and it was never really necessary. That’s the nice thing about fantasy and horror – often you can just cheat and go with the not-recommended-but-oh-so-easy “because I’m the author and I said so” explanation rather than try to write something based in scientific fact.
The condition of the 302 women hunger strikers has been deteriorating steadily. Two of the 35 men strikers have been afflicted with viral fever and have been isolated from the rest of the group for fear of any contagion among others. The following women have collapsed and removed to the nearby hospital:
Why do we wait until it’s too late to share those moments when it’s to late? Why wait so long?
I felt powerful when I had these thoughts. That was a complete lie. The thoughts had power over me.
their ultimate. I don't believe in the annihilation of mankind, but I do believe in mutation."
Future Career Plans: Homemaker
70 Cards Designed by Joan Elliott
A quick hit here since I didn't take good notes. The Xiao Long Bao were good but not stellar. The pork chop noodle soup was good, but no match for the heavenly version served at Qing Dao Bread Food.
Field Greens
To give people creative confidence. Everyone can do this type of art and I want my books to empower them. I don't want to show off, I want people to think "Oooh, I bet I could do that with some practice."
Happy Slap Boutique present a world of fairy tales and mischief full of secrets to explore and discover, keeping the entertainment going all weekend. Bump into Jack Sprat, a narcoleptic Sleeping Beauty or climb up Rapunzel's hair and witness their take on your classic fairy tales. Performers will be traveling around the festival doing walk-about performance where it’s least expected with music, song, dance and ridiculousness.
November always seems to be the month where the fun little extras fall through the cracks and trying to get everything together for the holidays just seems to take over. So instead of spending much time on the details of how much shopping and house-cleaning happened (a lot), I'm going to go back and catch a couple of the little things that happened in September and October, but which ended up getting neglected in November.
Make no mistake about it, although these workshops, orientation sessions and “sensitivity training” include participants from all races and backgrounds, this elaborate attempt at reprogramming individuals was contrived primarily to recalibrate whites, and especially young whites.
I’ll prove it to you:
I've passed through Glasgow a couple of times in the last couple of weeks on my way to my Mum's in Dumbarton. Dumbarton offers no real ale, well no real anything these days really, so I always stop off in Glasgow for couple of pints on the way. Usually it is one of two Wetherspoons between the station I arrive in and the one I leave from, or the Drum and Monkey, though often this Caledonian Brewery obsessed bar is passed by. I am no fan of Caley beers.
And was second in voting for the American League Rookie of the Year garnering 98 points to Jose Cansecos 110. Dang he should have won it!
Saturday morning dawned quietly with requests for breakfast from my dear and loving husband. I was not feeling tip top, but just figured I was in a bad mood or something. I made our favorite buttermilk waffles and Wyatt took one bite and said he did not feel well. Usually he's a whole-waffle kind of boy.
I'm bored with football. This might have something to do with the lackluster season the Seahawks are having and some weird coaching decisions they've made (trading Housh?! those challenges two weeks ago?!). It also might have something to do with my moodiness, which has coincided pretty distinctly with the football season. (Blame it on football? Sure, why not.)
The one comforting thing is that I don't have the time to murder people or hide their bodies ... though truth be told, any profiler of serial killers will tell you that a 47-year-old white male fits right into that groove.
So this stupid ad campaign for a clothing company I’ve never heard of has world leaders who by all rights should be at each other’s throats (because in almost all of them there is at least one person who makes the Who’s Who of World Most Evil Tyrants). The stupid statement on all of these is the non-word “Unhate.” Not anything as usual as maybe “Depose tyrants” or “Stand up to evil” or maybe even “Evil must be opposed”…no Unhate. That’s right you should be deeply offended and disgusted by the numerous crimes against humanity that this lot has racked up—it’s wrong to not have revulsion at the sight of butchers like Mahmoud Abbas, Hu Jintao, Kim Jung Il, Hugo Chavez and the like.
our work desks
I was interested to hear another of my panel colleagues, the Greek writer Rea Galanaki, suggesting that one of the many reasons for the male bias in the literary establishment is that some female writers do women no favours by writing ‘Harlequin’ romance-type work and other badly written books, therefore getting us all tarred with the same brush. I’ve heard that before and it amazes me. There are many blokes who produce action thrillers, not written well. Or horror. Not written well. And the literary establishment does not assume that every male writer is therefore a bad writer of horror/action thrillers. So, if the ‘Harlequin’ issue is indeed a belief, it does appear somewhat illogical.
spit behind hungry walls
*Bonus*
In the past few years, however, once-sold rights have become extremely valuable--to authors, who can tap into the rising enthusiasm for ebooks by self-publishing their backlists; and also to publishers, which are eager to digitally exploit the long tail of their rights catalogs. The reversion clause in a life-of-copyright contract is more vital than ever--and it is equally vital that it be precise.
Add in cocoa powder and chocolate paste. Mix well.
Preheat oven to 180C. Line two 12-hole (1/3-cup/80ml) muffin pans with paper cases.
There just isn't enough time in a day for blogging anymore. Mostly because I work, but also partially because I'm trying to sleep enough hours a day so that I can function. I know it's selfish of me... But today I was reading my fav blog The Bloggess, and it made me yearn to write something whitty...or is it witty. (Probably the second one. The first one made me think of that episode of Family Guy where Stewie accentuates the silent 'h' in words like whip. Hilarious.)
But what if your product is something unnecessary or of dubious value? That’s when you, in the language of marketing, create a need. You tie your product to the satisfaction of some other drive, and then convince people that only your product will get the job done. Jewelry, for instance, is hardly a necessity. One might see it as an investment, but most of it isn’t high enough quality for that, and there are far better ways to make your money earn more of itself. So how do you sell those pretty baubles? By convincing women that wearing them makes them more attractive to men, and by convincing men that buying jewelry for their female mates is how you demonstrate love. Voila, a bazillion-dollar industry in shiny rocks. The same is true for literally millions of other products, from fashion to toothpaste (yes, toothpaste!)
It literally lasted a few hours, and only then because none of us could stuff anymore in! My mum was honoured enough to be saved a slice for today, which she ate with some relish I can tell you!
1.) Life is full of solid examples of evil’s existence. To call it illusory, is to play philosophical games or to live in a dream world that is based upon either your denial or perception. Also, if this god is everything then if we do establish that evil exists, that would mean that evil is a part of this god too.
Cheat sheet for Domain 1
Ink
in my marriage (though I
Harvey, already pretty eccentric, skittish, and proprietary to begin with, eventually soured on me after a bizarre incident worth mentioning, since this blog also sometimes is about writing and publishing.
The Ocean
Gabite is the middle child of the Garchomp family. Like the Dragon fliers, its type of Dragon/Ground is also 4x weak to Ice.
Lately I've noticed that my son seems really interested in the different textures of his food. I've seen him squeeze birthday cake, yogurt, and bananas through his little fingers, and he seemed delighted by the texture. Without a doubt, I figured he was ready for play dough.
Stanford professor Laura K. Donohue in her book – The Cost of Counter terrorism: Power, Politics and Liberty- warns of the risks to fundamental individual rights when democracies establish counter-terrorist regimes. She discards the logic of governments framing their initiatives in terms of a choice between security and freedom and argues that loss of liberty is notnecessarily balanced by gain in safety. General Azazi’s strategy has been grounded on this principle: he has insisted that our security strategy must first protect our liberty.
and all ate the same spiritual food;
I was bluffing....of course.....
Quick snapshot of my reading this year:
In the days before mobile phones, street-side telephone boxes used to be a big issue too because cars would be unexpectedly parked there when their owners were on the phone. Although these are less of a worry now, a car turning at a rarely used intersection is enough change to cause an accident.
But never seek the support of kings,
Spy Dslr camera Techie Glossary
Hi Guys! A couple of things regarding Pilanesberg, as stated there are only two campsites Manyane & Bakgatla. There are no 4x4 routes in Pilanesberg. Regarding the elephant that turned the car over, if an elephant comes towards you move out of the way, he is bigger than you and knows it too and will therefore bully you. The elephant responsible for the over turning of the car, also overturned a landy on the same day, because the people would not move out of the way after being told to do so by a Park Official. The elephant responsible for all of this was one of the big boys brought in from Kruger in 1998 to help install discipline amongst the younger bulls. He does not just hang out on the road to the right of Manyane gate he moves all over the park. On the day in question he was seen at Bakgatla in the morning and at Manyane in the late afternoon. The cars around him were boxing him in, which happens when the park is busy…. (Full posting here).
My personal opinion is that I feel that it is just another day for younger ones to get sh**faced in the middle of the day in a public place. O don’t judge that, but I don’t understand it either. I’ve been there 3 years in a row. Always with different people. And yet I still haven’t found anything I enjoy about the park takeover. So, that is a bit on how I feel about 1st of May in Fælledparken…
Happy Thursday..i hope your day has been lovely..weeks are flying past so quickly and this one was really fastest one..but i had fun in this week too..flying here and there with it too..
Except to say that all is well - I'm tired, cold because we seem to be heading into another winter storm, though a relatively minor one...and I'm usually cold when I'm tired. I'm thankfully overworked - can't complain and have another meeting with a possible new client this week, so things are really good there.
Present tense: Lie
finding all that’s ours
Matt (Bennett) is the last of four friends to lose his virginity and that event will soon be taking place as he and his girlfriend Nicole (Weaver) intend to do the deed on their second anniversary. This will be marked with a hit on a special bong purchased for just that purpose – one which has been already used by the other three mates.
18 Beatles - I Want You (She's So Heavy)
I write this to you, who are weary of prayer. To you, who used to believe in the power of prayer and now are not so sure. To you, who believe in God, but are frustrated with how you pray and seem to feel as though God has forgotten you. To you dear friend, I write. God has not forgotten you. I am a witness of that! I can stand before you today and say,"God has heard my prayers! God has lifted my head to look up and see how the impossible is possible!" To you my friend, I say PRAY. Pray to our great God who loves you, has purpose in all things, has a reason for your trial, has understanding where you lack, has victory when it feels hopeless. For it is when you pray... that one day you will be able to shout, "BREAKTHROUGH!"
Fire. And energy. Blended into muted shades.
I think it's really important for everyone to have an affirmation that will lift their spirits when challenges seem insurmountable. If you don't have one yet, I really suggest writing one for yourself! It can be as simple or complex as you like; this one is rather long, but another mantra of mine that I find myself falling back to time and again is as easy as "Breathe. You can do this." The important part of your affirmation is that it reminds you of everything you're striving for and how amazing your life will be once you accomplish these goals. It'll get your through difficult times and remind you that whatever you're living through at that moment, no matter how dire it seems, will someday be one more challenge you've learned and grown from.
I have chosen the theme of this year’s Star Wars Day to be: simplicity, or celebrating the simple, raw awesomeness of Star Wars – no crazy gimmicks, no ‘Star Wars’ themed casino parties and you don’t have to feel pressured to convert your car into a replica of the Millennium Falcon (though that would be really, really cool!). This year is all about celebrating what makes Star Wars, Star Wars!
McDonald’s in Paris is a funny thing. Before you walk by the stank of the bathrooms to get to the counter way, way in the back, there’s a “McCafe” where they sell macarons, croissants and espresso. Classic. Only in Paris.
If you haven’t tried Boogie Wipes already, you should and here’s your chance. The Soul Mom is giving away 2 30 count packs of Boogie Wipes to one lucky reader.
1 maturation
Sensors
They were actually fairly in-depth. The biggest change was the ending. I'd tell you more--but don't want to give anything away.The rest of the revisions had to do with pacing and information control and fleshing out some of the characters. In all, it took me about three weeks to do the revisions, which is a long time for me (I wrote ORIGIN in four weeks).
This book has so many levels to grasp onto. Whether you’re into sci-fi and fantasy, or you just want a good story about growing up, making hard choices and doing the ‘right’ thing. This book will grab you and take you for a wonderful imaginary ride. That ride, will also make poignant jabs at your own past, or someone you likely know.
“Go on,” says Jae. “Reach in there.”
At this rate, both books should be ready for the next draft revisions at about the same time. I am pleased that I’m able to go from one project to another and feel a distinction there. It might be distracting on one level, but overall I think working on them both at the same time is fueling me, as I have a constant input of excitement over one or the other. When I slow down with one project, I can return to the other with a fresh mind. I go to work and can’t wait to come home and work on them. I stay up late even though I have class or work in the morning, because I want to write a little more, get a few more words down. Just a few more.
Keith and I had been called by commissioner Brown about 36 months ago. We had had previous dealing with the commissioner in the past, helping to solve a few low key cases that the local boys in blue had struggled with. So Brown was no stranger to our door step. Indeed, we often quipped over a fine ale that since we had not heard from the good commissioner for a week or so ‘maybe we should see if he was a missing person yet’ ha ha.
Firstly, I started buying scratchies.
At long last love has arrived
More than six months after she was tortured, Sori continues to be imprisoned in Chhattisgarh and has received virtually no follow up medical treatment for the injuries she sustained in police custody and the infections that have developed as a consequence. According to two people (one of whom is her lawyer) who were allowed to meet Sori in prison last week, her face was visibly swollen and her hands and feet appeared abnormally thin, indicating severe weight loss. Sori complained of a severe burning sensation while passing urine and of blisters on her thighs and her private parts. The magistrate in the Dantewada court, where Sori was produced earlier in the week, is reported to have remarked that she appeared unwell. According to the jail doctor in Raipur, Sori suffers from fluctuating and high blood pressure and from anaemia. Yet, on those occasions when she has been taken to the Raipur Medical College, she met with ridicule, indifference and inadequate care from the doctors and other hospital personnel. Police interference with the doctors is also suspected.
Yes, it is targeted to teens and tweens. Yes, I, a 30 year old physician, was glued to my iPAD watching a teen drama show on high school gymansts for 45 minutes, periodically glancing behind me to see if anyone could see what I was watching, because that would’ve just been embarrassing! Those dang ABC Family shows just suck you in! Not a bad problem if you’re just trying to battle your way through a workout on the elliptical. Unfortunately at the end of the episode just when this bit*& girl’s father was about to bribe the coach into letting his daughter on the team, my ipad died. That’s why my elliptical workout was a random 46 minutes. I cannot survive on a stationary piece of equipment without major distractions.
KING WD, WOOLHANDLER SJ, BROWN AF, JIANG L, KEVORKIAN K, HIMMELSTEIN DU, BOR DH. Influenza Vaccination and Health Care Workers in the United States. J Gen Intern Med 2006; 21: 181-184.
I’m coming to the conclusion that surveys of human mating practices are worthless. The participants simply say what they think the interviewer wants to hear rather than confessing their deepest desires (to say nothing of their kinkiest fetishes).
Here's the site we did our goat butchering. Under the trees with pretty views all around.
Belted
Year of Release: 1974
R1- Ch2, 6sc in 2nd ch from hook (6)
To brighten your days of the New Year....
Thirdly, the level of detail provided by the CBI to justify its macroeconomic parameters is woeful. Okay, some of the parameters will be based on previous forecasts from the EU, but what about asset prices which are critical to the stress tests because they are determinative of future property loan losses in the banks. To take a specific example, just how did the CBI arrive at a baseline decline in residential property in 2011 of 13.4%? Not a denary 10% or 20%, not an even 12% or 14% but 13.4%? How did the CBI come up with a number as precise as this? I don’t know but I expect the question will be asked in the coming days. So the following is only a guess for the moment – I figure the CBI forecast the overall peak to trough decline of 55% (base) and 60% (adverse) and then forecast that 2012 would be the bottom before a recovery took hold in 2013. And then, it had a go at creating two roughly even numbers in 2011 and 2012 and then represented those numbers as percentages that in compound terms would result in an even 55% or 60% decline from peak. But why 55% and 60% drops from peak? Why an even split between 2011 and 2012? Why a bottom on 2012 with a recovery in 2013?
5oz (just over ½ cup) Butterscotch Chips
Look, most of the dwarves have beards.
Tuesday, October 25, (daytime) - Ft Myers, Cooperative Extension office. Landscape Workshop hosted by FANN - the Florida Association of Native Nurseries. Could bring plants with me.
know I’d once more lit the bulb and gone too far.
If you're worried that you don't give your "soul", or your "whole self" or your "hundred percent" to a dance, whatever any of that is supposed to mean, and you feel a bit inadequate and as though you might be Not The Right Sort Of Person, or perhaps even Not The Right Nationality, and perhaps you should just give up and go home because you'll never ever be accepted here, or if you feel as though you're being asked to be less than yourself or to pretend to be something you're not, stop. I don't think it makes a lot of sense to create imaginary demons (still less borrow someone else's) and let them beat you up.
Did you attend any of the Bach Dancing and Dynamite Society concerts?
I kid you not; ’tis true,
It’s a very good sign when you’ve only just got in the door, announced that you’re here for the Beer Dinner and they “Well, you’ll be wanting a beer, then?” That’s a welcome you take straight to the pool room. A Mountain Goat Organic Steam Ale was served with a smile and invitation to “just ask if you need another”. It hasn’t even started yet and it’s getting better already.
My scarf was still a little too long after that first go around, so I bunched the fabric up even more and ran her through the machine again, scrunching up the fabric even more as I sewed right over the top of those first stitches!
Ernest Dowson, Decorations (1899).
Churches aside…I read something yesterday which got me thinking about individual believers–those that have trusted Christ for salvation, and call ourselves Followers of Jesus. In his book, Barefoot Church, (a great read about the church’s mandate to serve the poor and “the least of these”–and that we largely aren’t doing it), author Brandon Hatmaker spends a little time unpacking one of the biggest causes of that lack of attention to the mission:
Some friends of ours are trying for kid #2, and after we visited them the other evening they may be rethinking the wisdom of that idea.
But Dutch Finance Minister Jan Kees de Jager put it succinctly last week when he said that the next tranche of money can’t be paid out to Greece unless the Greek government complies with the terms of its aid package.“What’s holding up everything in the present situation is Greece and whether or not they are compliant in the current programme. The most urgent matter is the issue of compliance,” he told a Berlin press conference.
Interestingly, two friends selected the same stand-out:
We guarantee that you will not regret.
The Last Thing On My Mind
Written by Ilissa Banhazl, MFT-
INITIAL ENTRY
Umm I am not into politics that much.But what concerns me most is our basic human rights.So today,after I picked my younger son from school we went to the local supermarket to do the shopping of the day.On our way out,I stopped to rearrange the carrier i had and unconsciously my gaze turned to the vegetable bench outside the shop.
The Catholic Church calls these sins that lead to death, Mortal Sins and the lesser sins that we, ourselves, can pray for forgiveness for, Venial Sin. We have merely given a shorter name to these sins than “sin-that-leads-to-death” and “sin-that-does-not-lead-to-death”.
* 180 square meters floor area more or less
Funkateers - Bernie Worrell, Bootsy Collins, Gary Shider, George Clinton, Gary ‘Mudbone’ Cooper, Maceo Parker, Eddie Hazel...
I usually get many questions about my last name. When people see the name Porturas, and look at me, they never imagine that I’ve got Native American blood. But I do, I’m a white Inca Indian and my father is from the Andes Mountains. When people think about the Andes they usually think that people there live in small huts and are chocolate brown. And when they see me, a blue/green-eyed girl with light brown hair they think it’s impossible that I hail from there. And I have to explain what a mestizo is. “Mestizo is a term traditionally used in Latin America and Spain for people of mixed heritage or descent. In some countries it has come to mean a mixture of European and Amerindian” – Wikipedia
intimacy.
Work for me is the greatest of my battlefields. It is both microcosm and macrocosm of my life. Everything, ultimately, gets fought out there.
And one of the items IHeart very much for office spaces, is a file tote! Why IHeart them? They are super easy to carry anywhere you want to do your bills and filing. On the go storage rocks!
A beautiful sunset to end the day.
Churches and people have a right to believe what they believe about marriage. I would even go so far as to say they have a right to defend that belief, and should not be forced to do anything they are morally opposed to doing, such as performing gay marriages, etc. But the largest tenet of Christian belief, at least according to, you know, Jesus, is loving God and our neighbor, and I've seen some pretty horrific examples of Christians doing a terrible job at that.
Over the course of time, my life has changed significantly from that hot West Texas afternoon. I left the ranch and saw the world. I became a successful researcher, executive, and entrepreneur. On this journey I faced many trials and challenges. Challenges, problems, and crisis that would terrify you, that would make you give up all hope, and that would rob you of your joy. Invariably when faced with such challenges, with such great fears, I would always go back to the day of that Barbeque, and remember that snake.
On the 1st July I will be leading my last service in the Heath and Havering Group of Churches and during the next week (hopefully by the Wednesday) will be ensconsed in the new abode.
I promised him half if he'd work to get compensation,
Van Dieman Stacks Bluff Oatmeal Stout 330ml $4.50 - Smooth oatmeal stout possessing espresso notes subtle vanilla from the use of beans in the brew.
If you have a blog, do you ever look at the statistics? What was your funniest search hit? Any surprises in the popular posts department?
After some complaining over my insistence that Diego and Mario were not book characters ("just because you have a book with them in it does not make them book characters"), he chose Owen from the Kevin Henkes book.
* I'm looking forward to World Lit and Geography tomorrow. The kids are all bringing in various types of Asian food, and we're having a wonderful speaker.
Bhatt camp has again sensitized the Indian Film Industry by their upcoming movie “Jism 2”. They have invited the foreign adult movie star ‘Sunny Leone’ for the lead role putting Deno Morea opposite to her. Sunny Leone has got popularity among Indian audience after participating in the famous reality show “Big Boss 5”. Mahesh says about Sunny ‘”I love casting people who are real. Sunny is being shown in a bright light with an exotic image on television, but I sensed that she must have gone through a lot to earn a name in an industry which people don’t appreciate,”
Hello and welcome to the Prince Melon Records site.
Anyone who suffers with depression knows that the core of who we are is or has been suffering some kind of trauma. What is it that rocks our world in such a way that little bits of ourselves flake away while we desperately try to hold it together? Sometimes there are answers and sometimes there aren't. I've always desperately wanted answers. I felt that if I could only understand my depression I could solve it and it would go away. Not so. I understand bits of it but not the whole. Sometimes the more I try to work it all out, the more it eludes me and that is frustrating. I have learnt that I have to go with the flow and sometime I'm kicking and screaming all the way, it feels just too hard. But then I'm reminded of the gum tree.
I'm getting a lot of interest in this blog challenge for the month of April and I want to take as much time as I can to make sure we get it off the ground properly and that everyone gets proper credit. In the sidebar I have a list of participants so far. If you have agreed to blog along with us and your link is not there, let me know so I can get it up there. If you still want to join up in the challenge then let me know and I'll get your link on the roll. So far I only have one blogger who has committed to be a supporter by following participants and commenting on our posts. There have been several who said they are going to follow, but give me the commitment that you wish to be recognized as an official supporter so I can get your link posted to the list.
And a mouthful of human speech.
... when, whoosh, the bottom of one of the bags split open and the contents splattered all over the floor and down the kitchen units.
Considering the consternation the war in Iraq has generated amongst virtually all Muslims, then perhaps any attack, any bomb, any act of violence, in any part of the world, can be construed as defensive. In fact they have been taken in such a way in literally thousands of cases.
* Excellent writing skills
Despite the steep prices (for what they deliver) there is no waitress service at Taylor's. Pick up one of their huge menus and peruse it as fast as you can before you reach the front of the queue. On this occasion there was no line at all, causing our decisions to be more hurried than they might have been. For example, we didn't notice that fries weren't included with the burgers. This is one place where I might actually have liked the server to enquire "Would you like some fries with that?". Once you have paid, you are given a strange device (pictured above), that will bleep and flash at you, in irksome fashion, once your meal is ready to be picked up from the counter.
Perhaps my two favorite things I've read about him are that he is a snuggle bug and LOVES hugs and he truly seems to care for other people. There were many examples of him having a servant's heart. He is monthly noted for doing things like taking toys to children that were hurt in an effort to soothe them. And his relationship with his foster sister? His foster mother wrote that he is always asking her to do things for his sister before she does things for him. He also likes to help her rock in a rocking chair and grins when she squeals in delight.
I also feel a change coming in me. I prefer to stay at home, or go for a quiet dinner, or watch a movie. I don’t like clubbing anymore, or going and getting “wasted” which is what most of my friends do. Nothing wrong with that at all. But I am just not there anymore. My idea of a good night out now is relaxing at home with a good movie, or going to a cinema, or cooking dinner, or going out to eat. If alcohol must be involved, a nice quiet bar where we can sit and talk.
"Ohhh. Oh well, very good. Very well then. You can just ignore my inane ramblings."
I also cleaned out the top of my closet which was normally where I kept things for storage, so the majority of that went right into a box. This left a lot of room open for me to put large things I didn't know if I would be coming back for or not, and if not, it too would be put into a box for actual storage.
Friday the 16th – “Undefeated” boxing bill (Coldwell Boxing) @ The New Bingley Hall, Hockley, Birmingham – Headlined by a local derby between Jamie Ball and Nasser Al Harbi for the English light-middleweight title, which sounds suspiciously like a proper fight.
Gorgeous cover aside, this is a thrilling addition to the seemingly unstoppable wave of new dystopian fiction. Mia is a lightning addict. She's been struck so many times that she has a positive charge all her own, and doesn't feel truly alive until a storm brews overhead, setting her skin tingling and her energy reaching out to draw the lightning down. For now, however, she has quite enough on her plate trying to keep her family together in the aftermath of the great earthquake that shook LA a month ago. Thousands are homeless and starving, her mother is wracked with anxiety after her near-death experience, and now she and her brother must go back to school in order to qualify for food rations. But things aren't going to go back to normal for Mia anytime soon. Two warring cults are rising, both proclaiming that the end of the world is coming, that a great storm will herald the beginning of the apocalypse - and that Mia is the key. Throw Jeremy into the mix - a beautiful tormented boy who sees visions of the future and warns Mia away from both the darkly mysterious Seekers and the super-religious Followers - and the scene is set for a cracking good read (no pun intended)!
A more comprehensive and in-depth editorial service can be provided by Better Book if they or the author feel it is required.
Maybe one day the average westerner will understand the mentality of Southern African blacks. That they have never been interested in being equal to any other nation, least of all a predominantly white one. They want to consume everything in sight. And if it is difficult for some or other reason, it is bad and the white man’s fault.
Also Karber has a new Flickr Group, be sure to check it out! Periodically the owners of Karber will be picking random winners for prizes, as well as guest design team spots to those who upload to their Flickr group page.
So, friends, take those shoulds, and put them down. In creating the life you want, nobody’s shoulds are required.
Nicely have to any create a phone call in that particular to the NHL, Arniel said.
Akari Shinohara: The speed at which the sakura blossom petals fall… five centimeters per second.
This is an easy project that anyone can do. It would look great in most rooms including a bathroom, entry way, laundry room, master bedroom or daughters, room!
him underground. Wet feet, wet cuffs,
Just try not to think about it. Or do. Whatever you think is best. :)
What are these you may ask? These are our drop dead, sexy, high heel classic black heels. Wearing high heels is like therapy... as soon as you put them on you feel stronger and more confident...Remember Cinderella... her glass slipper is testament to that....As for the aching feet and pinched toes...feeling good about ourselves is not always easy....a little pain for a lot of gain... Heels, whatever any one will tell you, are more flattering than flats any day of the week...Wear them selectively, for short bursts of time, get in training...but never give in....they really are our friends....Anything that can make my legs look longer and slimmer and my ankles narrower is a miracle and that has to be counted as true friendship...One of the ultimate designers of les escarpins noir is Christian Louboutin...like le trench, another blue chip for the portfolio...
So why do I do it? Simply…I want to record life. I may be the only one looking at the albums now, but I hope in the future that someone else will enjoy them to. I feel accomplished at the end of the year when I have an album completed for that year. I’d never experienced that before Project Life. I also hope that doing it now will help me in the future when I want to record life with children.
After a brief "do-we-or-don't-we" discussion, we got on the plane armed with a stack of Air France barf bags. The flight attendants were kind and attentive. The other passengers were also kind, and stopped to ask how the Loosh was doing on their way to the john. His fever kicked in immediately after the plane wheels left the runway, and he passed out cold and slept the whole way to Prague with his head in my lap.
GAIL'S DAILY DOSE
- The Grove Singers / backing vocals
So many people….. Not all of them crying…
We are not reloading; we are in a rebuilding process. Our team is made up of reserves of past years and freshmen who will get the opportunity to play this year and hopefully be up to the challenge…Our baseball accomplishments measured by victories this year could be moderate. From our players we need a dedication of purpose, firm self-discipline and tenacious determination. Hard work and aggressive play must overcome our limitations.
I love when a bag isn't too in-your-face, yet awesome enough.Nothing too uptight and formal and maybe even a bit cheeky. I like it through and through.
So I did five three-minute rounds of jump rope on the padded ring floor (my shins are a little sore afterward--uh-oh, hope it's not shin splints), several rounds of shadow boxing, a couple of rounds on the double-end bag, and, awkwardly since I had gloves on, a round on the speed bag (usually you use wrapped hands on the speed bag). I did a little, not-so-forceful heavy-bag training, since I didn't have wraps.
In essence, the basic approach is to be in the moment, rather than mulling over the past or the future – each time you find your mind digging its claws into some thought, you gently release it and return your attention to whatever you are doing.
Its eyes gleamed in the dark. The leader of the patrol there and then made a report by telephone to the outpost. A search party, sent promptly to the scene, found half-metre-long human-like footprints. A dog caught the trail, which crossed into the border demarcation zone.
"The driver of the Mazda lost control and his vehicle went into the oncoming traffic colliding with a bakkie in the north-bound lane."
Ten people in America might get that (although legendary comedy writer Jerry Belson used to say, “ten is enough.”)
* 3 carrots sliced in 1/4 inch discs
Waltz is one of my favorite dances, and Petra looked beautiful in this dance. The dress was gorgeous, her expression was perfect, and the choreography suited her wonderfully. Her improvement is huge, her posture is far better than that first Foxtrot, and she is finally learning how to comport herself with grace. She danced beautifully, except in frame.
Essentially I say that A DREAM IS NOT ENOUGH. It’s not enough to simply “have” or“get” a dream. The ultimate goal is to make the dream come true, come to pass, project into reality upon the earth.
We've probably all worn clothes our mom didn't care for at one point in time. My mom and I had an ongoing prom dress feud during my high school career, so when I spotted this dare from Larissa Hardesty I knew it was time to relive the past:
Though he never mentions Matthews by name, Meyer said at a recent Gator club meeting, “If you want to be critical of a player on our team or a coach on our team you can buy a ticket for seat 37F, you’re not welcome back in the football office. You’re either a Gator or you’re not a Gator.”
“Yeah. Never tried.”
This company offers so many credits per year depending on how many you buy. Obviously the more you buy, the more vacations you can go on. They started out offering a $25,000 time share. After saying no a million times they finally went down in price to their "starter" package that was $8,700 for 7,500 credits. That equals about two weeks of vacation per year if you book 30 days or less from departure. After thinking about buying, I called Ryan's stepmom who owns a time share. Within two minutes of calling her, I was talked out of doing it. Ryan still wanted to do it and we were told we could cancel the contract within 5 business days (we were shown that in writting before signing anything). So we said yes because we wanted to find out more and look more into what it is really about. Our sales person was beyond excited and started telling us how much fun we were going to have, how to get the most of our vacations, what a good deal it is, blah blah blah.
But wait, I must do my taxes before I go and have fun. *sigh*
I also happened to have a number of stylish men among my friends. I am fortunate to have remained friends with a bunch of guys from my secondary school days, even though we live in scattered places across the world. Many of them are stylish men. Some unfortunately are less so… One of my oldest friends is perhaps one of the most consistently well dressed men I know. As teenagers he and I had an unofficial style competition going on; then again maybe that was just me competing with him and not the other way round…. Whenever we went out we usually stopped off at his house last and when he came out I’d have a mental check to see which of us was the better dressed. I can only recall one instance in which I think I won….
Mahek’s eyes are completely red. Not that she was crying but just that she was trying hard not to appear weak.
Jane Doe: “John Doe stole my car. He was arrested. Now is is out to get me.”
Preheat oven to 375 F. Roll out 1 biscuit on a lightly floured surface to a 4-inch circle. Brush half of the dough edge with glaze. Place 1 rounded tablespoon of filling on dough. Fold dough over to create a half circle; press edges to seal. Using a fork, crimp edge decoratively. Place empanada on heavy large baking sheet. Brush with glaze. Repeat with remaining biscuits, filling and glaze.
OMG! as my daughter likes to say. I've been sick AS THE DOG. Yep! sick as the dog because the puppy and I are sick with different ailments but ailments all the same. First the hubz came home from a business trip with a cold and gave it to everyone in the entire house. Then if that wasn't bad enough the head cold turned into something more; the flu. I pride myself on rarely getting sick and I tell you what, I've spent the last few days in BED with the hubz taking over mommy duties and to his credit trying his best but failing miserably.
Driving along the airfield is a new experience all together. Picture boy-scout camp on steroids. Every square inch of grass was covered with relief and military tents bearing flags from around the world. It was remarkable, really. We found a helpful American Lieutenant who helped us load up some unclaimed drinking water into our truck when certain people weren't looking. “People are getting possessive of their supplies, but the way I figure, its all going out to people in need, and isn’t that the point?” Yes, that’s the way we see it too. The lieutenant informed us the water had been sitting there all week and they were getting ready to use it for showers if not claimed. So we made claim. Hopefully, as more organizations register with the UN and get on a list for distribution, less supplies will sit baking in the sun and more will get placed into the hands of those whose life depends on them.
Release Date: Available Now from Scholastic Press
Where is YOUR wardrobe?"I also shy away from features
For the lid I used a lot of PVA glue, a vellum bird from the K&Co flora and fauna ephemera pack, some music paper from a large vintage collage sheet (and they mean LARGE... its going to last me forever lol) , more versamagic chalk ink through sequin waste and some gold polish. the pompom trim was a gift from a crafting friend. I simply glued the paper and bird on to the lid then used paints and more glue to build up texture (aided by the heatgun blistering the paint and glue).
Greenwood police haven’t responded to numerous messages from the AP. Most of what is known about the case comes from a Greenwood police affidavit and search warrant. This is how those documents describe the shooting.
but I've got to tell you, I was there, and it wasn't pretty!
I love that Turtle, really I do.
What makes this important in David, is that Gabriele is posing for such a work of art. Which brings up all sorts of questions about how you know, before it has acquired any reputation, whether a work is likely to endure or not. Of course you can’t know what external forces – fire, flood, war – might destroy it but does the artist or the model know when they are part of something as great as the David or Leonardo’s portrait?
extra water as needed (probably about 2 cups)
So that’s a controlling bully who instigated a 7-year stand-off with the world’s largest broadcaster, 2 managers who have won nothing significant in their careers (one of whom many think fortunate to have his freedom) and the most flawed, pernicious man in the profession. Inspired choices all. Even Arséne Wenger, a man widely acknowledged to have ‘revolutionised’ the British game perplexingly contends with a more muted assessment. Indeed, his club’s early-season travails attracted all-too-cheerful calls for his head, with several quarters denouncing the quixotic Frenchman’s laudable frugality and loyalty to his footballing principles. Why, one may legitimately wonder, could this be?
Pink Floyd- Up The Khyber
I think it’s safe to say that rhubarb crumble is good on the waistline as I had to hulk over 12lbs worth of plain flour, caster sugar, demarera sugar, icing sugar, self raising flour and god knows what else back from asda. I didn’t need everything but I wanted to make cupcakes too so I got a few extras. Hauling them was difficult so my boyfriend (Daniel) and I had to share the weight. This seems like a little bit of a workout to me!
she got a little white kitten as an EARLY birthday present from her nino.
Preparation is vital. Lennart(the owner) prepared Sjora well and had the necessary spares that we needed to keep her operating smoothly.
Okay so, V-day. Today you are nothing more than a holiday where I can see other people getting flowers at work, sharing chocolates that you brought it, moving down the hallways around clusters of balloons and such. And grinning like an idiot at all the grinning idiots around me. Happy for the happy people. Ohh and Aahing when appropriate. Which means, score! Not hating the world on the one day when it’s supposed to be about love and such other rot.
“He must be a hunter,” Xu Guan tried to quiet his breathing and slow his heartbeat. He had spent many of the hours of his youth in a similar position looking for food to feed his family.
Then what do I really want?
next is stroller, convertible car seats etc ;-)
From reading what I can of the conflict, and from conversations with those more informed than I, this is how I've broken down the conflict.
There were a couple of vacancies that affected the industrial lease market; one was Express Scripts vacating 71,000 feet at 4500 Alexander. The Wildfire TV series lease expired in Rio Rancho at the Fulcrum building and that brought 68,313 square feet on to the market.
4. Raleigh, N.C.
And cleaning toothpaste off the mirror, back splash, and fronts of the cupboards, with said chisel. I mean really someone needs to come up with completely clear toothpaste, or a self cleaning toothpaste. How my kids get it in all those places, I have yet to observe.
Only reapers, reaping early,
I bought a new paper pad Desert Blooms by Trimcraft and must say I love it, the papers are fab quality and the glittered ones are gorgeous. I cut the glittered flowers and leaves out and raised them up for a little definition
2. Skin 4 - 5 potatoes and cut into cubes.
1. Wherever you are, if you can, stop what you are doing and take three long, slow, deep breaths, inhaling through your mouth and exhaling through your nose (according to my Reiki Master Teacher, breathing in this manner stimulates and activates the Chakras, the Energy Centers of the Body).
Cliffhangers are merely made up of the ending problem of the POV character and a punch line that tells us why it matters. Not all of your scenes will be as dramatic as this one, but you should try to find the strongest cliffhangers to end your chapters.
And then later in May - on Saturday the 26th - we're holding a storytelling event at Stone Lane Gardens here on Dartmoor (where I took these photographs of an early flowering pink rhododendron by the water). These gardens are a specialist birch and alder arboretum which transforms into a sculpture exhibition between May and October every year. There are many rare species of birch and alder to wander amongst, collected from all over the world, and for one weekend there'll be parked amongst the trees two restored Gypsy wagons, at the steps of which Tom will be telling stories. They'll be Gypsy folk tales, from lands as far or near as Russia, England, Turkey, Wales, India, Greece, Romania, Serbia, Scotland... and I will be providing the (East European Gypsy) music (on accordion) alongside my talented musical partner in crime, Lisa Rowe of Hazaar (on fiddle and accordion). There'll be delicious food cooked over the fire and home brewed cider under the sky. If you're in the South West, do grab a ticket, it's going to be a lovely evening. If you're not, cross your fingers for us that the rain stays away.
Stamps: Tiny Teacup, A Word for You
Leftover pizza and broccoli
who both have lots of followers, but their blogs really are lovely!
When the stroller is parked, use the baby carrier, baby backpack or the harness. It's such a great idea to keep those little ones close, who invented the toddler leash anyway? Whoever did, I love that woman! Must have been a woman, it's so wonderful! The backpack and baby carriers are very popular too, and wonderful. Anything to keep the parents comfortable and the little ones safely closeby while standing in line is well worth it to bring along.
artaculous.com covers all kinds of art and especially the following categories:
It's used to measure the light needed to obtain a correct exposure suggesting both shutter time and aperture to use depending on the ISO that we have set... READ MORE
Newsmax gives few details beyond the standard campaign money issues. Close attention to phrasing reveals a less-than-salutary attitude on the part of Newsmax.
Most, however, are kindly presences, recognising the fears we all feel in the face of illness or death, and are offering comfort.
#6 ~ Vintage Photo Distress Stain on edges and to dye corrugated cardboard strip; Antique Linen & VP Distress Inks on person; VP Distress Ink on letters and background hearts
This is a "Made Up Out Of The Weirdness In Our Minds" recipe, just so you know before getting all excited that I'm going to share something with you that you might make and serve to fancy people. Since I'm sure you're all embroiled in Fancy Dinner Party menu planning right now and then came to this blog for help.
I had so much fun making this card. She reminds me of my little granddaughters and my older older ones as well. We all love the beach. There is just something about the water, sand, and beautiful sunsets that are soooooo relaxing.
I've been thinking about dyeing my hair with some more "special" color. But I just can't decide.. So I want to ask your opinions too, if it would help me to choose! :3 Here's the colors I've been thinking (with some pics of course!)
susceptible to strong emotion; emotional: an intense person.
Wealth, to all intents and purposes was in the hands of the Malays albeit kept amongst the political elites. The banks, insurance companies, Petronas and all the major corporations seem to be in the hands of the Malays.
"Super Why is pretend, too," I inserted, and they both looked at me in amazement.
1235. Whole Grilled Shrimp & Poached Pear @ Teresa’s Next Door (Wayne, PA) 7:12 p.m.
I fasten it with a silver clip.
—Hershel and the Hanukkah Goblins, retold by Eric Kimmel and illustrated by Trina Schart Hyman; a Caldecott Honor book in 1990—when Jewish folk hero Hershel comes across a village held hostage by a pack of goblins, he uses his wits to defeat them.
It is a scientific fact that all humans today are genetically linked to the Bushmen from Southern Africa. The Bushmen have changed very little and there are still small groups of them with a lifestyle very similar to the ancient life of the original man. 'The others' have changed dramatically - the further they traveled around the world, the more 'advanced' they became - or so it seems.
DEMS
Please read on: if I can convert one person to the wonders of cast iron (and thus make your life easier) then my week will be made.
There are three sources of belief: reason, custom, inspiration. The Christian religion, which alone has reason, does not acknowledge as her true children those who believe without inspiration. It is not that she excludes reason and custom. On the contrary, the mind must be opened to proofs, must be confirmed by custom, and offer itself in humbleness to inspirations, which alone can produce a true and saving effect. Ne evacuetur crux Christi.
You may be aware of some areas of imbalance, for example if you are single but desperately wish to be loved your relationship segment more than likely will score low. The impact that this may have on other areas that you hadn’t considered maybe of a surprise to you.
Cool, Air-conditioned Abundance Transporter
Notice that it’s taken as a given that the author of Genesis 1 didn’t intend to “teach in a scientific manner the detailed constitution of visible things and the complete order of creation”. It’s simply assumed that, rather, it was his intention “to give his people a popular notion, according as the common speech of the times went”. Thus, the Magisterium concludes, it’s not necessary to seek scientific details in the sacred text. As Pope Leo XIII teaches, no such details were revealed by the Holy Spirit to the sacred authors.
Part of my responsibilities for my work has been to oversee the e-mail system of our organization. As numbers of servers and users go, it is small. We have one e-mail server running on Ubuntu Linux. The e-mail software is a combination of Postfix and Dovecot. Postfix is the MTA (mail transport agent) and Dovecot is the MUA (mail user agent). The MTA has the primary responsibility for getting and sending all the mail that we address to others and that others in the world address to us. The MUA handles our users’ connectivity to get their mail into and out of the system. We currently have no more than a dozen actual users with mailboxes on the system, so for most purposes, it is not difficult to maintain.
This software comes with so many embellishments and papers already, but they have some extra free kits you can download on their site...for free! So if you win this for free, you'll have such a great time and tons of new digital stash that you can always print out and use in a traditional scrapbook ;) for free! Did I mention, I'm giving one away for free?!
Alberto Hernandez
Such as this cormorant and gull, ready to dive for an easy catch, accompanying us along our trip, until, in the true nature of the food chain the skua arrived.
10. Ride My See-Saw
( I wonder what is there in it that can make me love it or see some joy in it. I wonder what I can do to influence the situation. I wonder if there is an opportunity hidden here? )
Maybe because I know he’s single. It has nothing to do with the fact that you could bounce a quarter or five off of that sexy belly of his. Would I lie?
Then, as you approach the 30 degree upper slopes the levees disappear entirely. This following shot is from a couple of hundred meters below the summit. You’ll notice that you can see the flow in the middle distance, but it’s obscured in the foreground by scree (you might just make out a shallow leveed channel to the left – the paler channel to the right is a recent feature formed by meltwater flow).
Grow closer to Jesus through the church. Find and participate in a Bible-believing church where you can grow spiritually through teachings and make use of your God-given gifts to serve others. As you grow closer to Jesus in church, keep reaching outward beyond the church to share your faith and resources with people who Jesus wants to draw to Himself through you.
Japanese knotweed is at its tastiest when it's just begun to sprout and is still flexible at a stage where it's called "wild rhubarb" (in Vermont, early to mid May), otherwise the stalks become woody as they grow taller. And by snipping the early stalks before they go to flower and spread their seed you do the landscape, and your belly, a huge service.
I had the pleasure, during much of July and August, of witnessing the coming-of-age of a pair of young cardinals. They're siblings, and often squabbled, as sibs will do. But they're just as cute as cute can be. Evidence follows.
"So, he was alone."
U. Underwear: The ones I'm wearing today are pink.
April 28th: This past weekend, another little CCH guy, Karthik, got admitted to the hospital for water in his lungs and high blood pressure. Pray for him as well, and keep ALLLLL the CCH kids in your prayers that there will be NO more sickness or problems!
Oh charming, I’m sure. And this is supposed to make me feel better?
Mon, 2pm: Anxiety. Is it safe to eat?
It seems fairly obvious to me that blending is a good thing, I mean why not? Take some good beers, unique recipes, several ingredients. Then mix them, with other beers, with care which also have several ingredients. Find the best combination. Sell the fucker.
Karl: you supported Arlen Specter and
By acknowledging these fundamental human needs and incorporating elements that influence these needs into your approach and routines, you will maximize success with women. As a pick-up artist it is your job to serve these interests and make your target feel good about herself. You should try to make her interests come alive.
of someone or something
Available Disney Resorts for this Special Vacation Package are:
I am not one to make too many comments on any event after the fact. In great part because I want to enjoy what I am watching. I do not want to over analyze what took place, or what will be taking place in the future as a result. Yet, today I can not stop thinking about the Extreme Rules event last night. So much so, that I took to the internet this afternoon to check out what my fellow fans had to say about said event. Needless to say, we have a difference of opinions on a few things. My opinion of last night’s event in fact, could not be more different from some of the blogs and articles I have spent my time reading today. The differences are so great I find the need to comment on them, and Extreme Rules in some way. I decided the best outlet would be via my blog, because after all, blogs were made for strong opinions and commentaries.
You wont see any blogging this weekend from me. I have decided not to bring the computer with me, and just take this time for family and hopefully getting some relaxation in while I am at the hospital. So I will post some pics and do more blogging next week! If I have any giveaways that say they have ended, but I havent actually posted the winners yet, feel free to still enter. I will extend their closing dates to when I get back next week to pick a winner.
Yesterday was Mother's day and for me was a very difficult day.
He said it was the Government’s proposal for the parties to reach a win-win situation in the disposal of the suits.
Chase: What?
Leave them in the water for about 10 - 15 minutes, then take out, and gently press between your hands to drain out some of the water. Place in a serving dish.
The whole day was a great success, I thought, but the highlight for me was the closing talk, by Sir Christopher Frayling, a man whose books and TV programmes I have admired since I was young. He spoke about pictorial representations of the Gothic in art and film, and it was flawless and fascinating. It was based in part on material first considered in his show Gothic Nightmares from 2006 at Tate Britain, still available in the show catalogue. It was a total fan-boy moment for me, as we traded folkloric aspects of the undead.
Then as the iron issues didn't get better....but became more under control...something else happened. Not really, but for those of you aware of the situation, it did. My struggle with anxiety and depression took an all time dive. One that nearly had me hospitalized. Three weeks off of work, majority unpaid ....I went back to work right before Thanksgiving. I was not ready to return. There were several more crash and burn days. There still are. The moral of that experience is...gastric bypass effing sux when it comes to NEEDING an antidepressant. Currently, I am unmedicated. Just a matter of time...I'm worknf diligently with someone outside my therapist and pdocs office to be preventive.
DNS change propagates. Once you stop seeing the forum at
The web’s emphasis on list-making has been well documented on the content side. Mashable‘s entire M.O. is to present content as numbered lists (preferably odd numbers). Or should I say, in their article “The Top 7 Ways for Mashable to Present Content,” list-making is #1. They admitted as much in a tongue-in-cheek article a few years back where they outlined how their writers gamed the system.
Then, with personalities that are consistent, honest, and courteous, we must engage and comment both faithfully and consistently. Remember that, by and large, and regardless of what your interlocutor says, you are engaging with a culture that is composed of spiritual infants. And so in our comments we will rarely move beyond the milk of our faith. But what that means is that we must know that milk inside and out. You must be able to articulate the basic essentials of the Christian faith repeatedly and clearly. Learn your creeds. Know your scriptures. Remember that because qualifications and experience are irrelevant, consistency is our best weapon. Never tire of the basics. And remember, as well, that you are writing as much for other people who read what you say as you are for the individual with whom you are having your particular conversation.
3. if i haven't heard by noon, i'm calling the doc.
Be honest. Sometimes it’s tempting to lie or omit important information when securing an interview. This isn’t just unethical, it will damage your career in the long run.
The slide into the abyss is orchestrated to be played in tiny incremental variations so the disharmony is not evident to the casual listener. The score looks fine to those unacquainted with music and the accidentals are cleverly hidden within measures of beautiful melody.
Intellectually bankrupt liberals are hyping the Marxist class warfare strategy of demonizing businesses. But when the government taxes businesses and business owners, businesses and those who own them merely a) raise their prices and pass those taxes on to you the customer, and b) invest less and hire less. And who ends up getting hurt the most?
the edge, the bee-sage makes a heavenly stout: pressed to lips,
"But a story is just that. It isn't the truth."
especially when special days arrive
For the first half-hour I sat convinced that Pattinson had been miscast: aside from looking a little too young for a war veteran (one whose peers all seem to be middle aged), Pattinson's permanent snarl and the infinite emptiness of his eyes seem to make a mockery of the fact that his character inspires so much amorous affection - even if we're well aware he engenders this reaction from the ladies off-camera. Yet this seems to be precisely the point, making Pattinson an inspired choice: the ladies like Georges because he is pretty, but actually he is an empty vessel. Lazy, petty, illiterate, lacking social graces and disloyal, French high-society assumes something lies behind his eyes that simply isn't there. The jury is out on whether Pattinson has much range as an actor, but he makes for an oddly compelling Georges.
Clock Work
How did we get here? Maybe it's pure nostalgia, but it seems that yesteryear's African rebels had a bit more class. They were fighting against colonialism, tyranny, or apartheid. The winning insurgencies often came with a charming, intelligent leader wielding persuasive rhetoric. These were men like John Garang, who led the rebellion in southern Sudan with his Sudan People's Liberation Army. He pulled off what few guerrilla leaders anywhere have done: winning his people their own country. Thanks in part to his tenacity, South Sudan will hold a referendum next year to secede from the North. Garang died in a 2005 helicopter crash, but people still talk about him like a god. Unfortunately, the region without him looks pretty godforsaken. I traveled to southern Sudan in November to report on how ethnic militias, formed in the new power vacuum, have taken to mowing down civilians by the thousands.
Special Abilities: Bite/Claw Attack (STR+2), Size +2, Alertness, Quick.
But, I pray for help and guidance that I don't do it again and
The District Exhibit Displays are an iconic element of the Sydney Royal Easter Show . They are indeed spectacular constructions of vegetables, fruit and other produce elements. They are a cooperative work by primary producers that proudly reflect the diversity and excellence of their regional produce. Each display consists of over 10,000 pieces of fresh produce from five agricultural districts throughout New South Wales and South East Queensland. Wendy and Craig have been the big ideas team and designers of the Central District Exhibit for 23 years
28. Clinical evidence shows that at a certain point, stress and caffeine-related alterations of hormones and metabolic functions may not be reversible! That scares me!
Because only my team knew that I was pregnant I was getting funny looks parking in the MD’s spot. People wanted to ask me but didn’t dare which was really funny and I quite liked the gossip. Of course when they found out I was pregnant it all clicked into place!
On the other hand, I worry for her. The role requires her to stand in the kitchen of the haunted house for 30 min to 45 min in a stretch. Under dim lights, loud horror soundtrack and an oppressive drone. She gets to rest in between sets, but the resting area has uneven floors and fellow scare-actors tend to rush in and out.
You may be thinking now, “Wait, why is this card considered good while it is a 3 cost ally with only +1/+4?” well the answer is simple. Look at her printed powers! Harmonize is always fun to have as it gives you a chance to put some big guys on your board and she also has Mend. Her 1 damage is definitely not the best but with her 4 health it means she will not die that fast.
As it happens, the con does attract a rather respectable contingent of media guests each year, and 2012 is no exception. Receiving top billing for this year’s show is Admiral Adama himself, the incomparable Edward James Olmos. I had a chance to meet Mr. Olmos at Shore Leave a couple of years ago, and the man is a true class act. He’ll be joined by Billy Dee Williams, Gil Gerard, Erin Gray AND Felix Silla from Buck Rogers in the 25th Century, Jake Lloyd and Adrienne Wilkinson of Star Wars fame, Amy Okuda and Robin Thorsen from The Guild, and KC native Blair Butler from G4TV’s Attack of the Show. Check out the full guest details at the con’s website.
And we come to the theme for this post: no more statistics. It has two meanings. The first and most important is the desire to see no more senseless deaths of cyclists. I don’t know what that will take. There is no single silver bullet. But the effort is worthwhile if I don’t have to participate in another event like last night.
The only downside was our waitress. She was not very experienced (she'd worked there for a month--we asked) but it was more than just not knowing the menu well. She rested her knee on my booth bench as she took our order, failed to bring drink refills, acted put out when we told her we needed ketchup and then still forgot to bring it to the table. She never once smiled or made us feel as if we were valued customers.
Disorganised people I can handle. I have patience for that sort of thing. What I can't handle is being spoken to like I'm an idiot, presumably on the basis that I'm a woman.
You go to Juan-les-Pines
This West is a lot grittier, a lot mangier, and a lot less welcoming than anything we've seen before. Heck, the world of 2050 was a lot more appealing to me and they had giant grasshoppers! The story is told from Hex's perspective, with the captioning being Hex relating the tale, something that wasn't done a lot in early nineties but is so much in vogue now, with a colored caption and small symbol indicating who is 'talking'.
It’s not really true, though; yet sometimes it feels as though sleeping is a waste of time. That’s at least 8 hours I could be doing something else. Well, it’s now 20 minutes of midnight and I feel a run coming on.
The subhed is the title of a post from Liberty and Justice for Y'all criticizing a Texas Court of Criminal Appeals decision that placed the subject of a police encounter in a no-win position. If the defendant had not complied with a police command, writes blogger B.W. Barnett, "there is no doubt the court would now be using his noncompliance to justify a more intrusive search. There is absolutely no way for the defendant to win here."
To stick them into place both on the insert and the front of the card I used my YES! Paste – available from Joanna Sheen. All I will say if you haven’t heard of this yet – is get yourself a flat plastic spatula (the wide flat kind you use in baking) and get yourself a tub… it’s truly amazing – especially when wanting to stick down your backing papers and things that cover a wide area.
The Bun's have now whizzed through all my old copies of Judy, Bunty, Tammy, Mandy and June. Misty has been saved for daytime reading as it's a bit spooky.
“Honor your father and your mother.” Exodus 20:12
Well there is plenty of inspiration to be had with this yummy photo, maybe the gorgeous red will inspire you, or could it be the ribbons, or the roses?? Maybe cakes come to mind as well as love and weddings, even some of the smallest detail such as the embossing on the cake stand...see there are just so many possibilites with this one.
I am strong because it is the only choice I have had
Hospital chiefs have provoked outrage by clamping AMBULANCES ... and charging £50 for releasing them.
The volume control that’s calibrated to ten has clearly been set at twelve. The cat in the hat, who’s setting these controls for the heart of this sun – Natty Dread – nods his flowing locks in satisfaction; his deftness on the decks is disembowelling music into a whole new art form.
Reiki will free you and return you to the love within. Self treatments work on many levels: connecting to yourself through regular touch, the flow of the energy through you to your body, and its you saying to you “You’re worth it”. When we give Reiki as a practitioner to others, we are saying they are worth healing. We are able to help them achieve a better balance, and state of emotional peace. We just simply turn that truth inwards to ourselves.
And I had to read this piece of garbage for my English 105 class. For a philosophy or even an economics class I can understand, but for an English class? There was no reason to make us read this.
“There’s a big spider” says the wife in a pathetic voice, not taking her wide, frightened eyes off said spider just in case it runs. She can’t go near it herself but needs to watch where it goes so that it can be tracked down and removed from the house before bedtime. The fear of a big spider roaming the floors, walls, ceilings, her pillow, her bed covers, her face during the night is enough to keep her from sleeping…ever again. Until its capture, the wife is a total basket case.
Don't you just love love love those wood doilies from Maya Road?!?! They are so much fun to work with! Ok, that's it from me for now. If you like what you see, then go check The Paper Bakery out!! You have to see Sarah's new website design!! It such eye candy!! And if I saw a store like that on the streets, I would be in the front door in a heart beat! And the great thing about the goodies in this store.......they're all fat free and zero calories! ;)
PEOPLE: From a director of 10 episodes of 21 Jump Street (haha). Starring Eric Balfour (Milo Pressman from 24, Claire’s boyfriend from Six Feet Under season 1, What Women Want, Trojan War) and Tanya Clarke (As The World Turns). With Nick Mancuso (Matrix, Stingray), Caroline Neron, Justin Salinger. Mostly people I’ve never heard of, as it’s a low budget TV horror movie.
This fortnight we are sponsored by The Paper Shelter. The Paper Shelter offered the DT some lovely images to work with. Where they have been used I will list the details, so if you are so inclined you can pop over to The Paper Shelter via their badge on the right and go shopping!
Received a VeryNiceAward
Here is the set now in my back yard
Just close your eyes and hear me calling
I should make it clear what I’m actually talking about when I speak of community. I suppose, though the word community can encompass a huge range of things, I think of three primary immediate community: your neighbors, the local events you attend, the people you see around you daily. Secondly, a community composed of like-minded people that you specifically seek out: an education community, whether that means unschooling, homeschooling, school, or something else; people who share your political beliefs: people who share a specific interest or passion; a religious or spiritual community… And thirdly, community based on personal identity: sexual orientation, gender identity, racial identity, physical
Work, just work for me
When’s the last time you walked into the Doctor’s office and asked for a Lymphatic check-up or asked for a Lymph support formula at your local supplement retailer?? I’m gonna go out on a limb and say, probably not very recently…what I really mean is, for 99% of people the answer is NEVER!! The problem is, how can anyone really be expected to show concerned for, or lose sleep over something they know almost nothing about!? I’ll be the first to admit, only as of recently have I truly been able to grasp the importance of this intricate system…The Lymphatic System is something you learn about briefly during the Circulatory and/or Immune System chapter’s in Anatomy and Physiology 101, and unless you’re a Pre-Med student that’s the last you really hear of it. Even then I believe it’s importance is grossly ignored among Medical Professionals as a whole…why?? I’m going to let you in on a little secret…if Doctors truly “cured” their patients, they’d be out of a job before they could say, “scamming ain’t easy.” Oh, and another thing, if we properly implemented nutrition and exercise programs to prevent health issues…we’d no long need massive amounts of medications from one of the most highly influential “groups” looming over our Country’s government…Pharmaceutical Companies (aka, Big Pharm…follow the money trail people)! Okay, okay, I digress…my intention for this series on the Lymphatic System has absolutely nothing to do with neither myself nor a political soapbox!
(Laughter.)
This image of the woman with the monkey was taken by Jacek Palkiewicz from the 2007 Huaorani Expedition and can be found here
I chose to slip down to block 4 to stitch in February, because it just seems so Valentine-y to me. The lady in her red dress, waiting for her love. Awwwwww. I'm calling this block the "Ghost and Mrs. Muir" block. It just reminds me of the house in the old Gene Tierney movie!
Let me know what you think?
Alternate: Matt Damon, Invictus
Here's a piece from the Center from American Progress (a left-wing think tank) about environmentally friendly brewing practices at New Belgium, Brooklyn Brewery, and others. A lot of this we beer geeks have heard already, but I didn't know, for example, that Brooklyn pays farmers to pick up their spent grain to feed to their livestock.
But the man who enters her bedchamber is no stranger. He is Del’s brother and London’s most notorious rake—a man on a rescue mission of his own. Christian is intrigued by the innocent beauty who clearly does not belong in the notorious brothel. And as the two seek out the damning secrets of the club . . .
We stopped for a lunchbreak and a doggy leg stretch at a roadside service station.
This chart (click for a larger image), from Economic Freedom of the World, presents a more rigorous look at this period. It shows how Australia’s economic freedom ranking had dropped to as low at 19 (out of 72 nations measured) and now is up to 8 (out of 114 nations measured). This is akin to moving from the 74th percentile to the 94th percentile.
As for input: the first book's publication date was brought forward by almost seven months because of the Waterstone's Prize, so the cover had to be perfect first time (and I think it was). With the cover for book two, Changeling: Dark Moon, I was given the chance to make comments on what I thought of it.
The establishment houses many antiques and artifacts and serves a wonderful fare known as Baba Nyonya cuisine by Malaysian chef John Locke. Baba Nyonya is a fusion of Chinese and Malaysian and Mr. Locke does it rather well.
After World War II, America became a superpower. Our manufacturing base grew dramatically; the industrialized revolution was so great that the American dollar replaced gold as the reserve currency of other world central banks. There was a U.S. job boom.
So, finally, after all that, here is my question:
financial markets every day! The Chosen Masters cut you in on the
-Nick Hornby's YA stuff
We had a fight today. It pisses me off that whenever we fight he makes such low blows. It's like he makes every effort he possibly can to make me feel as hurt as possible. Now, I get that he does this because I've hurt him and he's retaliating for whatever reason, but seriously? Things would never escalate as much as they do if he would just learn to control his obnoxious insults.
And you know what lies ahead don't you? At least a week of erratic and meagre blogging. I apologise in advance, for real, I wish I could get into the swing of things with some regular blogging again but I unless I want to encourage names like 'laptop friend' from my prospective flatmates I ought to operate a strict door wedged open, laptop lid closed policy. I know the next fortnight is a period of transition for lots of other people off to University so best of luck if you too are flying the nest!
However, the Emancipation Act was not made retroactive, meaning that O’Connell had either to seek re-election or to attempt to take the oath of supremacy. When O’Connell attempted to take his seat without taking the oath of supremacy, Solicitor-General Nicholas Conyngham Tindal moved that his seat be declared vacant and another election ordered; O’Connell was elected unopposed on 30 July 1829. Lastly he campaigned for the repeal of the Act of Union which combined Ireland and Great Britain. In fact, the street that the General Post Office is on, site of the Easter Uprising in Dublin, is O’Connell Street.
So, there you have it! a $1 mop! Would it cost us more than $1 to make it? Yes. Please don’t slam me for buying a mop that was probably mass produced by children in a foreign country as you type away on your mass produced electronic gadget that was probably produced by the same kid.
5 Reasons that rude people with cell phones suck!
I feel utterly unable to make a decision about a pile of things that range in importance from "extremely" to "not at all." So in no particular order, here they are:
This week, Beth Norman and I challenged each other and the other TJ members to do a card using the Penciled Twinks technique from the Feb 08 newsletter.
Or, maybe there is meaning in our stories, and even greater meaning in how we understand and interpret and tell our own stories, especially as those stories relate to the fantastical story we are part of.
Sure enough it was my address and my name, spelled correctly.
I tend to empathize with Dog and advocate to my husband on his behalf, much like I do with the kids:
**Edited the next day** I replaced the shoes (and the other stuff) today and it happened to be the store manager who rang me up. I let her know what happened just so she could keep her eyes open for the same pair if someone tried to return them without a receipt and she felt so bad she gave me 20% off my entire order. So I bought myself some shoes, too. :) I really needed some shoes, too.
I must now give credit where it’s due. This system to randomize the activation roll was not created by me but by Mr. Timbo75 from Tim’s Wargaming Stuff and left in a comment on a post from the month of May 2010. It’s quite elegant and simple. You take 3 different colored dice and give them a priority rank. For example, I use green, blue and red and consider them in that order. Now you take a 3 sided die, which is usually a d6 with two 1s, two 2s and two 3s or you can simply use a regular d6 considering the following: 1-2, one, 3-4, two, 5-6, three. Roll them all together and the first thing to do is look at the fake d3. This die will tell you the amount of actions the figure is going for. Now check the rest of the dice to see which ones beat the Quality rating of the figure. Be mindful of the priority you gave them. An example will show this clearer.
Model: A1264-0000-10-05
Roses are sprayed with Copic's RV04 and BG72
There have been a number of times when I’ve been sitting in traffic & seen this sticker on a car. The underlying thought is obvious enough – a real life is spent accumulating stuff. It doesn’t matter that the toys are I suppose, as long as they’re the latest, smallest, fastest…
CORRECTION--Warren is breathing 20 respirations per minute, NOT HOUR. So sorry about the typo. Was trying to type too fast!
I have to give a big SHOUT OUT to Slug mama over at Slug Mama from the train! Simple Slug. I just want to say, I love you. There. I've said it! I got my $25 Walmart gift card that I won on her blog in the mail a couple days ago and plan to use it all on paper and pencils to get these kids off to school in style! Because they all need pencils that don't have teeth marks on them or are ground down to the eraser already... That happens later. I give them a week.
After talking about how the movie compared to the book... what we liked, what we didn't, after consuming our night's dessert on the beds in our hotel room (a family tradition I am happily continuing), we cuddled into our beds and talked writing. She told me all about the story she's working on right now, and I read her the first six chapters of the Storm narrative I've been writing (with a synopsis of the racier Chapter 7). She gave critiques, and I talked to her about what I was envisioning for the next chapter. It was just tremendously cool to talk to each other as both growing writers.
Pak Samad confessed that he had always wanted to be a writer. He began an unsuspecting career in 1954 by writing short stories, poems, features, dramas, novels and even diaries.
In % terms the indication is that the pace of price falls is picking up outside Dublin but within Dublin itself prices fell by the lowest % since the bubble burst and the decline started in the capital in April 2007.
Squeeze in lemon juice for your taste.
he was so sick of hearing them complain about their feet!
One day, my friend and I were playing on it when about 6 kids, led by Bob (my first bully that I can name) approached us. They ignored my friend and surrounded me on the deck. I still recall how the hairs on the back of my neck stood up and my pulse started racing. It’s an easy feeling to recall, because decades later, when I had my first panic attack at age 21, it felt the same and this incident vividly came back to me (more on this later).
If you don't know by now, I have a dessert table fetish. Put me in a room with a bunch of props, some sweets, a little Adele and I am in heaven. Working on this next shoot was a serious dream come true. Not only did I work with a group of EXTREMELY talented vendors including miss Caketress herself, I had one of my best friends there to shoot it all. {Monique Simone Photography}.
Meirik O, Kallén B, Gauffin U, Ericson A. Major malformations in infants born of women who worked in laboratories while pregnant. Lancet 1979; ii: 91.
The first thing she noticed was his boots.
In preparation for this extraordinary trip, we invite you to attend an open rehearsal of SHIPWRECKED! on Tuesday, May 8th at 7:30 p.m. Tickets for the rehearsal will be available at the door with donations gratefully accepted. If you want to see Louis and Bruno and Captain Jensen one more time before they leave on their amazing adventure, please join us.
Can I see a double room? Where is the bathroom?
OUT OF BUSINESS.
Streamlined Reporting and New Services for Newspapers
Eddie Murphy (stand up, not singing--thank God)
So you cannot buy it.
I was plotting a much longer retrospective, and maybe I'll still cook one up, but for now, a few scattered thoughts:
well, I didnt see some of them over 2-3years
It was like standing under a steel railway bridge while an express train passes overhead, mingled with the noise of a pressed steel factory and wholesale breakage of china.
Elizabeth is expecting a baby boy in late December or early January. Michael already has more clothing than I have not to mention a fully decorated room and toys and so much more, too.
As you know, the bishops spoke as one, saying
They were a huge disappointment.
Thomas Ligotti is one of the foremost authors of supernatural horror literature. In this genre, he has been classed with Edgar Allan Poe and H. P. Lovecraft. His works include Songs of a Dead Dreamer, Grimscribe, My Work Is Not Yet Done, and Teatro Grottesco. Ligotti lives in Florida.
See Jane Lead by Lois P. Frankel
I do not think that this leads to any need for great vagueness about what conservatism is at the political (policy-preference) level, however, so would reject the view noted by Owen Harries when he says:
X)X factor
Hope to see you over at Lapbook Lessons – I’m sure you’ll find lots to do there! Good luck in the giveaway!!
We stayed at the Moose Hillock Camp Ground. It is great place with lots of fun activies for the kiddos. It has a huge pool with a pirate ship and water slides, a playground, and a stocked fish pond.
Romans 8:28-29 is a promise for all Christians and not just for those Christians who pray in tongues.
Acts 10:44- The Holy Spirit came upon all who heard Peter’s preaching.
-Comment: Nicole Kidman in blue bibs (pictured). Another one from the “chicks list”.
Another thing to remember is this: God asks questions when He encounters us, not because He wants information, but to teach us something. God in the in Scriptures will ask questions like when God came to Adam asking, "Adam, where art thou?" God knew where he was – but God was showing Adam their relationship was broken. And then God asked Cain, "Why are you angry?" because he wanted Cain to see what evil was in his heart. When God encountered Elijah he asked, “What are you doing here, Elijah?" God did not ask the question to get information, God knows all things. God wanted Elijah to face his motivations for running. Elijah had run away from the very people to whom God had called him to minister. God asked a question to make him honestly face his unbelief and wrong motives.
Cut a jam sponge roll into slices about one inch thick. Remember to get the one with only jam in it, not jam and buttercream. If you cut carefully there will be exactly one slice left over for yourself.
The best thing about winter? Duh. Hot chocolate.
Eventually, the stag scrapes at the ground with a foreleg, turns round, and drops down with an audible grunt-sigh to settle in the tall grass. Through the binoculars, I watch his eyelids droop, then snap open, head twisting, to survey his surroundings before settling once more.
"Hold Me Now" by Thompson Twins
Fave knife fight in a film—btw, you can include sci-fi cutting implements—
These guys are definitely worth your attention and support and I expect big things for them in the future. To listen to “Dark Hearts” as well as their other songs you should visit their Facebook and Soundcloud pages.
Foster mom note: Sedona is one of the Ohio 200 Bust Dogs saved thanks to grand efforts by HSUS, Hello Bully and others. Sedona's been living with yours truly and my elder AmStaff Luca since October 1st. It's been a trip, to say the least.
Teleporter in Rainbow Ride
Now, I like and admire Cédric as well as the achievement that his blog represents, and I wouldn’t stand by when I see someone I like and admire wish or call for censorship in a country full of ill-advised censorship and ukazes. Especially in a country where the Minister of Communication has just cut off the FM signal of Radio France Internationale (RFI) for its alleged negative reporting on the government of the Congo. In 2007, the Commission of Censorship banned the album Kotazo released by Papy Mbavu and its accompanying choreography on the same misplaced obscenity grounds. At that time I denounced the unintentional collusion of some journalists with those itching for censorship in the Congo in a post titled Kotazo censored: Taliban temptation and media complicity.
And if you miss it, here are the other stops.
It was these thoughts that led to the title of this post, inspired by J.P.Lockhart Mummery’s 1936 book ‘Nothing new under the Sun’ which starts with a quote from Robert Herrick;
‘Tis the gift to come down where you ought to be,
I feel good knowing I'm doing my body and mind so much good!
But something happened two years ago. I began to recognize that the pressure was not just coming from inside of me. That it was part of how I was made, and that I had an obligation to step fully into myself and take writing more seriously.
About a month ago I was at the doctor with the hubs. As I was sitting in the waiting room I noticed a new mother and her baby. The baby was adorable, as all babies are, and the new mom was in awe with her little bundle. After a while we began chatting. You know, the normal "your baby is too cute" conversation. At some point, she shared with me that the baby had spent a couple of months in the NICU due to being diagnosed with meningitis soon after birth. Naturally, I told her about Footprints Ministry. After a few minutes into our conversation it was obvious she was in need, so as she and her mother (the baby's grandmother) were leaving I gave her my contact information and told her to please let me know if I could do anything to help her.
Lt. General James M. Dubik, USA (Ret.)
and I stand and watch until at last she hangs like a speck of white cloud
Flash-forward, oh, let's say, fifteen years, and that little girl is all grown up and wearing leopard print panties and, yeah, nothing much else. It turns out her name is Liana (Analía Ivars) and she is indifferent to Swedes. Truth be told, I don't even think she knows what a Swede is. Nope, her world mainly involves playing with her animal friends and keeping her hair looking soft and manageable. We meet her as she's looking for a chimp named Rocky, a mischievous ape who likes to climb palm trees and to throw his own feces.
Eddie Laffon Barton, III, 37, was arrested by agents of the Alabama Criminal Justice Information Center after an Escambia County grand jury handed down the indictments against him.
Well, it actually worked quite nicely and within a few moments Oliver was reaching out for the bit, so for now my rides will work on training my hands like this for a portion. So then we tried it without the whip, and it was much improved. Christy noted that I actually seem to learn things better at the trot, as the more forward motion stops Oliver from stalling out.
37. Had enough money to be truly satisfied
I called up the beautiful girl.
Nathan spotted the waitings staring but ignored the attention. He was quite used to it.
Did I pray for her at the restaurant? Yes. Did I have money which I could give her? No. Did I ask my mom to do anything? No. Regardless, I feel like the lowly fly you swat at because you find disgust with it. In the end I am left with the fact and filth I didn’t do what Christ Jesus would do.
All of this is one less thing that I have to get angry about, because other people are doing it for me. All of this is progress. Why can’t I see this same rate of progress in my country? Why don’t more people care about what Americans are doing to other Americans? Why don’t we see that our future is in the growing numbers of people who come here from somewhere or else? It’s a sad day when a conservative religious institution with a clear history of discrimination is outpacing government in terms of change. I’m not saying the Mormon church is changing in all the ways I wish it would, but it’s getting there on the issue of race and immigration, while the rest of the country seems to be moving backward. This would make me mad, but really it just makes me tired.
Anything I ever did, however, like play the flute in orchestra, join the drama club and act in school plays, sing in the church choir – my parents were just too tired to get involved in going to see. Getting my parents to actually attend something I was doing was like pulling teeth. They just seemed to be kind of at the end of their parental journey, even though I was just beginning my journey, they didn’t have the interest or energy to invest. I thought it was me for years (about 55 actually). While I grew up I was though of as my mothers invisible daughter. My brothers told me regularly they didn’t want a sister, they wanted a dog.
I once wrote a small guide for Birmingham and Solihull Mental Health Trust, explaining police ranks and roles. Here it is, made generic to whole UK, to explain what it means for health and social care professionals. You are only likely to see the first three in operational situations; the next three in local partnership meetings or during extremely serious incidents.
Based on enhanced video footage that shows injuries to the back of Zimmerman’s head and possibly his nose, it is likely that Zimmerman was under attack in some form from Martin before he chose to shoot Martin. Witnesses have made statements suggesting Martin was the aggressor in some form during the fight; while other witness statements exist that call these into question. Assuming Martin was attacking Zimmerman up to and immediately before the shot, would a reasonable person conclude that their life was in jeopardy and deadly force was justified? It is difficult to tell based on available information but the existence of the enhanced video evidence showing the injuries on the back of Zimmerman’s head should pose a reasonable doubt in the minds of a jury as to whether Zimmerman was unwarranted in acting to defend himself from a potentially life-threatening attack.
No existence apart.
I know, it doesn't make logical sense, and probably can be explained away by skeptics and even I, myself think there must be some logical, scientific explanation behind it all...you know, like all that time/space continue um crap.
Those with ears to hear and eyes to see will know where Jesus is coming from. Others won’t. For some Jesus is just too familiar. But those who do hear and see are more blessed than even the prophets of old (13:16-17).
3/27: Television; Screening: Deadwood (2004); Reading: Feuer, “Narrative Form in American Network Television” (CV 611-618); Third Response Paper Due
Shmaltz He’Brew Jewbelation Bar Mitzvah (13) 13%
Here is some lovely May Flowers inspiration from the Design Team:
Collage, paper or digital
Goddess: “Crescent one of the starry skies / Flowered one of the fertile plain / Flowing one of the ocean’s sighs / Blessed one of the gentle rain / Hear my chant amidst the standing stones / Open us to your mystic light / Waken us to your silver tones / Be with us in this sacred rite!”
Gosh I sure do love my little family of 3. We have been so blessed this past year. We had a few forks in the road and are very thankful for the paths we took. We have a great support system within our family where we are acknowledged, appreciated and genuinely loved. Our friends are the best we could ask for and our business just keeps growing. Here's to the second half of 2011 being as great as the first.
Nick and I have just finished reading John Steinbeck’s Of Mice and Men. He usually has about three novels going at once – one for fun, one for his history class in our homeschool co-op, and one of my recommendations, such as this Steinbeck classic.
14 himself
Wednesday = Super Pirate Butterfly Girl
Ok, ok, I'm whining too much myself. I actually did enjoy reading The Dead of Winter. The story, though thin, is a fun Gothic yarn. And it was seriously scary.
TOTAL 2,963
answers from the queen were to no avail
Use anything you like.
I do think beer blogs have a valid, and dare I say important, place in beer though. Beer rating blogs are a dime a dozen. Nation wide beer blogs...also a dime a dozen. But the local beer blog I think is a vital and helpful resource, not to pat myself on the back. Also, (Warning: I am going to pat myself on the back again) blogs or sites like My Last Pint and Pints and Panels are fun (I guess not so important, but still) because of their uniqueness and creativity.
Annoyed. So many things have been going on recently and it just seems like everything is getting on my nerves. So apologies in advance if I bite your head off. I don’t mean to. It’s just dumb because I have it listen to people whine about random stuff and people who I thought were my friends are barely even talking to me anymore, etc. It just sucks. I’m a creature of habit; therefore, I hate big changes. So when it happens to me or something in my life, it can be hard for me to deal. Doesn’t mean I don’t try.
The children and grandchildren have moved on to the other families......
The Strange Affair of Uncle Harry
The images are from a 19th century book of lithographs. The book was too damaged to keep as a whole, and I bought it with wall art in mind – the book may be damaged, but the images were hiding there ready to see the light of day.
A year after his debut artist album, Guillaume Duchastel de Montrouge, aka DJ W!LDreintroduces the world to his raw and groovy sound for his second album, ‘Dirty’. A more straight up honest affair, this concoction of late night jacking cuts hypnotise with clever use of sampling – a nod to his penchant for hip hop – vintage feel and well carved beats.
Real Simple has apparently ascended to the status as “official magazine of 30-something women.” Find a woman between 30 and 39 who doesn’t subscribe, buy or worship to the monthly magazine. Go ahead. I’ll wait.
In a campaign video posted Thursday by Wurzelbacher, West says, “One of the great things about Joe is that he represents the genuineness of the American people. Someone who has served in the military, and now is trying to answer the call to serve at a greater level.”
When the servant of the man of God got up and went out early the next morning, an army with horses and chariots had surrounded the city. “Oh, my lord, what shall we do?” the servant asked.
As it was designed to do from the start for reasons you’ll discover once you open your eyes to see reality for what it really is.
Please HELP!
Are any of these legitimate reasons? Numbers 1 and 2 reject Jesus because of what some of His self-proclaimed followers have done. But that doesn’t have anything to do with who Jesus is or what He is like.
We began to ask for the grace to “see” only what the Father was giving us day-to-day instructions to do. I remembered that Jesus in some places healed everyone who came to him; in other places compassion focused His attention. He didn’t heal every sick person in Palestine, but He did do what “he saw the Father doing.” He was responsive to suffering which “crossed His path” as it were: the blind beggar on the side of the road, the father whose son was an epileptic as well as demonized, the dead only son of the widow from Nain
Anyway, I digress. Despite that disconcerting start, the cliche beast is kept on a mercifully short leash throughout. There is a bit midway where a (gasp!) girl at the table causes some predictable awkward lust and inter-group strife, but that's really about it. In fact, most of the cliches on display in GotY have more to do with gamers' stereotypes about each other rather than anything outsiders would recognize: John is the solid, man's man military enthusiast into 1970s chit wargames and kicking ass while taking names. Billy is the ADD-afflicted goofball loony who just wants to have fun. "Good" DM Richard's pompous foil Gary Elmore (tee hee!) is an archetypal all talk, no action frustrated novelist/thespian, more interested in telling his epic stories as floridly as possible than in getting any actual gaming done.
1 lb. ground chuck roast shaped into the letter D
Told myself that you were right for me
I figure as long as I'm on a posting roll, I may as well share with you a really yummy salad I made. Now, I know I have mentioned on more than one occasion how crazy I am about this quinoa salad with apples and aged gouda. (It still might be the best.) Then, the other night for Supper Club, Alice made this quinoa dish. Also really, really good. But today I wanted crunchy and fresh with lots of flavor. I remembered a salad my friend Megan made and asked her for the recipe. I followed it mostly and made a couple of changes just because I had different ingredients on hand. It was so very insanely delicious. If I do say so myself. ;-)
I must hold this hope with steadfastness! It is the only thing that will never be taken from me someday- and even those things grow strangely dim when my eyes are fixed on Christ.
Penang Barisan Nasional deputy chairman Zainal Abidin Osman condemned the state government’s ‘Program Anak Emas Pulau Pinang’ as it is clearly politically motivated.
…but this time it’s going to be a film script like last year. That, my friends, I can do.
We are on the verge here of a change. Hitherto it has been force of circumstance and of background which has rendered the very idea of integration inaccessible to the greater part of the immigrant population - that they never conceived or intended such a thing, and that their numbers and physical concentration meant the pressures towards integration which normally bear upon any small minority did not operate.
32And the Lord gave Lachish into the hands of Israel, and on the second day he took it, putting it and every person in it to the sword without mercy, as he had done to Libnah.
95:1 The five libations are Dhana, Karambha, Parivapa, and water. The seven woofs are the seven mantras (Cchandas) predominating in the Vedic hymns, such as Gayatri, etc.
Will you forgive me for my absence? I've been itching to post on my blog, but life has thrown a major curve-ball at me since November. We had water damage in the house and we are presently renovating, hence my absence. Of course, all this had to coincide with my coming out in December, so things have been very hectic. But the good news is I'll be getting a new office. I'll have my own space to work, which will be better than what I had before. My previous office was in my bedroom and I was literally living in that one room! It will feel good to sleep in one space and work in another. Knowing myself, I always give 100% of my energy and attention to a project. This one being so big, I am trying to get it done, so that I can concentrate on writing Defenders of the Grimoire (Book 2 of the Grimoire series).
worsted weight yarn (in Pretty spring colors...or Camo)
Because I just love this entire group and it feels that we have been friends forever, I just wanted to say…”Sew” Glad We Are Friends!
Miniskirt Blues/Infected by Simon Stokes
“Come back here! You’ve flown too high.
I’M NOT INTERESTED!!!
impermissibly vitiate claim limitations. See Freedman Seating Co. v. Am. Seating
1 cup fine bulgur
when I look at you, things are left unsaid.
The big, fluffy golden retriever is asleep in his basket.
He was investigating a member of this same group that I was.
Lineup-
30 Days(He is the Prime Minister People)
The mind wanders. And I remember how April is simply one month nestled against the broader reaches of eleven other months in a big year, but she roared with challenges. Difficult positions arose, taught by teachers past and present.
Currently there are 20 spice jars (seen here) but I have room for 7 more on this piece of metal and will be adding at least 3 more to this group.
As proof that inspiration can come from unlikely sources, this entry has been brought to you by a line from a Foo Fighter’s song, Best of You: “I was too weak to give in, too strong to lose.” Best of You is my favorite Foo Fighters song (Monkey Wrench is a close second), but I’ve never really paid much attention to that line before. Last night, however, the paradox of that line struck me as a clue to my current problem.
When I was in Paris in September Forest was in the process of moving to a small apartment in the 18th arrondissement, an area I hadn't spent much time in before but was excited to explore. The area is know mainly as Montmartre and is home to the gorgeous Sacre Coeur basilica and it's equally gorgeous views of the city.
RODRIGUEZ: Is that a concern for you?
I debated about starting over, but then my husband saw this and fell in love with the 3D effect. He doesn't fall in love with that many of my projects, so I decided to forget both the steampunk and zentangle-inspired work (note: when doing crafts & art for the guys, 3D will probably be a popular choice, lol).
I can’t say enough about them and I’m afraid to gush too much for fear of ruining the element of surprise for you if you’ve never heard them. So! Get to a computer A S A P and look them up! THEN! Arrive next Saturday night for an evening of mystical carpet rides, you soon won’t forget! And buy their new EP – Born Under a Veil!
I’ve given your disc several listens. Interstate and Joan Doanut are my favorites. That’s not a question, obviously, but feel free to respond.
city, you will see several shops devoted to carrying just dates - or dates and candy. Dates are the fruit with which the Prophet Mohammed used to break his fasts. We bought a small bag of dates, which will probably end up in some baked treat.
By Jeanne Bonner, April 16, 2012, 6:00am (EDT)
Beano 21st Sept 1985 the last one by Bob..
So get out some night this month and take a close look at our neighbor, Jupiter. And if possible, see if you can see the moons. Newton is playing the tune, and the moons do the dance – music of the spheres indeed!
where Sisyphus had to push
Iván - Why is it important/inspirational to you?
(Adapted from Giada De Laurentiis)
General Lance W. Lord, USAF (Ret.)
1290 **D-II/5/1998. “Shakespeare’s Bible.” Women’s Society of the Hyde Park Union Church, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1998(12), above, pp. 828-40.)
No Way No Way reached the dizzying heights of number 14 in the UK Singles Chart. Based on the late Italian film composer Piero Umiliani's one-off novelty hit Mah Nà Mah Nà (later popularised by the Muppets and by its inclusion in many Benny Hill episodes), the video which accompanied the single (filmed, incidentally, in Brockwell Lido – not Charlton as claimed by Wikipedia) won the dubious title of Worst Music Video Ever on the 1997 ITV Chart Show end-of-year special. The song itself was voted number 26 on Channel 4's 100 Worst Pop Records.
Today I would like to tell you all about Vanessa Adao from A Casa da Va! Six months ago, Vanessa went back to Brazil (where she was born) and devoted that time to focus on textile design.
-The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
among these beautiful reds, blues & browns. I didn't have anything chosen,
And you know what that means--we're celebrating the bloodsuckers in both YA books and movies. Today we kick things off with a look at two kinds of vamp boyfriends in YA fiction. To help with today's post, I'll be referring to popular vamps who fit each mold.
It's a sweet little movie with no surprises.
contingents to ensure that the
I’m really grateful to the Jeremy Redmond who had the vision to record “Let It Rise” in a new and fresh way. What a humbling experience to see God’s favor on something – it really has had nothing to do with me – it’s all God.
Let's move on to Bogart's missus, the woman on the left, Lauren Bacall. Now nearing 90, she's often seen as one of the last living links to that Golden Age. After a strong start, however, her movie career basically sputtered. The strong start being the two movies she made with her future husband, To Have or Have Not and The Big Sleep. Though the inexperienced young thespian was more posing than acting in these films (she had started out as a model, after all) the camera nevertheless loved her, and she became a huge star before she really had a chance to hone her craft. A little later she also appeared with Bogie in Key Largo, another big hit. Then the sputtering began. She reportedly began turning down scripts she found of little interest, and the studios then started losing interest in her. Oh, there were a few critically acclaimed films like Young Man With a Horn, and she was on the verge of another big hit, How to Marry a Millionaire, when this photo was taken, at that movie's very premiere, in fact. However, the devil was in the credits. Though she arguably played the main character, she was billed third behind the other two stars, the first billed of whom is to the right of Bogart. Now, none of this is a reflection on Bacall's acting, which greatly improved as her film career declined, and would improve further still when, a few years after her husband's death, she moved back to New York and became a mainstay of the Broadway stage.
Upon her arrival in Redbud, Kate meets Matt Jarreau, the man hired to renovate the house. Kate can't help being attracted to him, drawn by both his good looks and something else she can't quite put her finger on. He's clearly wounded--hiding from people, from God, and from his past. Yet Kate sets her stubborn heart on bringing him out of the dark and back into the light...whether he likes it or not.
Royal Caribbean offers a nice variety of Romance and Honeymoon Packages. Picture yourself following a trail of red rose petals to your romantic evening, or sipping champagne and enjoying deletable canapes in your luxurious stateroom. Snuggle in Turkish cotton bath robes, enjoy a mouthwatering breakfast in bed, and take home a handsome portrait in a keepsake frame. Royal Caribbean also offers a wedding registry where your friends and family can give a gift of shipboard entertainment, Royal Caribbean gear, or specialty dining.
17.EDDIE & THE HOT RODS - Do Anything You Wanna Do
Other mothers said that if they married, their household income would rise, costing them government benefits like food stamps and child care.
will be worth
Ninety percent… and I repeat…
Heat wok and put in vegetable oil. Sauté garlic and ginger until fragrant. Put in the white crab mushroom and bok choy. Stir fry for a short while. Add light soya sauce, Chinese cooking wine, sesame oil and salt to taste. Pour in a little water. Add corn flour and water mixture. Serve with steamed rice while still hot.
vegetable oil for frying
Let’s just say I didn’t feel too attractive.
It says that “But against a backdrop of noisy chatter, the bilingual group were far superior at processing sounds.
That's when I say 'Oh what luck
I wasn’t sure of how much truth it held,
- Wild Boar Kabob w/ Habanero BBQ Sauce, Filet, Dr. Joel’s Green Habanero & Soy
I end gleeful, and high-step it outside under the impish Spanish sun.
TLC has been airing episodes of “Undercover Boss – Abroad” and I can’t stop watching. I prefer the American version of “Undercover Boss” only because it is so interesting watching the CEO’s of companies I know go undercover. For example, watching the Subway CEO make sandwiches was hilarious.
For centuries, writers have sung the virtues of staying connected to the routine and the mundane. Real creativity should feel like a game, not a career. Having to hang out the washing or get up and make breakfast helps you remember that your "work" is actually fun. And for it to stay fun, you have to be unafraid of failure. It's very powerful to be surrounded by people who love you for something other than your work, who are unaware of the daily, painful fluctations of your reputation. I discovered recently that my youngest child thought I spent my days typing out more and more copies of my book Millions, so that everyone could have one.
Level 9: MP Cost: 36, Duration: 114 seconds, Damage: +18%, Critical Rate: +13%, Minimum Critical Damage: +5%, Attacks up to 1 enemy.
These little differences and distinctions make life interesting. But think about how 'diversity', so-called, contributes to the changing of our patterns of speaking.
In my case, that means, if I walk to the toilet and back, it takes almost 24 hours before I have enough muscle power/strength to walk the same distance again. So it means I don't have enough muscle strength/power to walk, to sit or stand, which means that I have now been bedridden 24/7 and dependent on others for many many years.
Isn' t this amazing? Wolfgang Hampel and Alison Bard Burnett are born humorists. Both delight their fans from all over the world. I'd love to have a Wolfgang Hampel CD and DVD with his very funny poems and stories. What about a book? We adore Wolfgang Hampel's high humor and wit in Betty MacDonald and Ma and Pa Kettle biography and his wonderful Betty MacDonald interviews.
I used the veggie peeler to slice the second cucumber into ribbons. I purchased these cucumbers at the grocery, but tonight I counted 14 cukes growing on the vine of my garden cucumber plant (and it's not done growing yet!). Soon, I'll be able to step into the backyard and gather all of the cucumbers I need for recipes like this.
‘There was a period of mumbling, fidgeting, and purse browsing and it soon became clear that that was all the cash they had on them. It was slowly decided that some items were to be removed from their pile, re-scanned and deleted from the bill. (I heard a couple of groans from the people behind me in the newly forming queue.)
- A want list and trade list of 2012 Topps Stickers is also in the works and will be posted on the blog soon.
So, they figured, what the hell – let’s attack the injured party.
Diamond dust in Snowpoint city.
23. Pretentious Assholes - Decisions
Sun 7-4
I offered Roswell my arm to stand off, but he decided to decline and flew off.
Nov 10th – HMV Ritz, Manchester
The Morning Advertiser reports that, in response to the duty cut on beers of 2.8% and below from 1 October, local brewer J. W. Lees are launching two new 2.8% keg beers, a lager called Golden Lite and a smooth beer called Greengate Lite. This reflects what I have said before, that insofar as this measure has any effect, it will be in the keg and canned beer sectors. The weaker a cask beer is, the shorter its shelf life once the cask is broached, and I simply can’t see 2.8% real ales having sufficient turnover. So much for the “People’s Pint”.
Not just the glitz and glam. The sessions will reflect on how all media influences youth, how children and young people are represented in the media and how they wish to be represented. The impact of new media and ideas on how to use it will also be shared.
Downloading media content for free has been the national pastime since the advent of Napster in 2000. The rise in peer-to-peer programs opened a Pandora's Box of illegal delights which the RIAA, MPAA and FBI have tried desperately ever since to extinguish, but as the trend grew more ubiquitous and media conglomerates more out of touch with the times, the artistic community learned to utilize the online network for their own ends. The underground success and mainstream assimilation of such flagrantly illegal musicians as Danger Mouse and Girl Talk proved that the market had changed since the litigation-happy days of John Oswald and Negativland, when the record industry still had the clout to squelch even the slightest affront to its Draconian system of copyright law. With a perfect storm brewing, it was only a matter of time before the major players took part.
Relieved, this too had passed by.
But context is definitely not only about apps. The human element online provides context for your community. LinkedIn provides a good example. Which of these connection offers would you be more likely to accept: one that uses the default “I’d like to add you to my LinkedIn network” or one that says, “I ran into a friend of yours recently and he said we both share an interest in racquetball. I see you also used to work at XYZ Corp. I’d like to connect and talk about old times at XYZ”?
And also because of the mention of “those marshmallow candies that look like animals” reminded me of Easter. lol…
The violence portrayed in the film was between ANC supporters and Inkatha supporters. The implication of the opening lines is that the violence committed by Inkatha supporters was part of a covert war waged on behalf of the apartheid Government, and that, consequently, any violence perpetrated by ANC supporters was defensive under attack. This is far from the truth.
made the faces glow~
Master Bedroom
Three simple words can make a world of difference. Some people are embarrassed to say I love in case they are overheard, but no one should refrain from saying “I love you” for fear of being mocked by anyone.
I call these dolls paper weights because I filled the glass globes with glass decorative globs (or whatever they are called, lol) and they would make very good paper weights. How, would you like one of these on your desk keeping your papers from wafting around in the...um air conditioning? JK
So just because I can here is a few "pear" thoughts from around the world
01/05/2012 BUY 0.01 usdhkd 7.76620
So, make some popcorn and watch the video. I hope you find it worthwhile!
Australia Day is a comedy, it is billed as a comedy and by the title alone we can gather that it might be some sort of commentary on the concept of Australia Day or what it means to be Australian. It opens with a short film designed to set the scene in a smallish country town. We meet the local committee for organising Australia Day - The Chair and also the Mayor of the town, a well meaning Liberal voting late 50's male, then his right hand man, Liberal 50's, then a local farmer, National voter 50's and a CWA member - female, National voter 50''s. Into this throw a mid 20's Vietnamese man and a early 40's Green party member woman "from the city" and perhaps you have a rough idea already as to the timbre of joke. Julian urged me time and time again to look past what seems obvious, and most easily laudable, and instead try and look at what the playwright was actually working with. The idea of Australia Day - clearly, politics - certainly, a sort of country vs city energy (and extending from that the haves and the have-nots) and among that tackling morality and the notion of morality. I'm not saying that any if it was handled deftly, just that it was handled.
As I stood there observing the heartiness of the trees,
It is indeed time to duel again... Yayyy!!! I am a tad bit late this month but ALOT has been going on lately.
Based on our choices, the program generated a set of menus and we would follow to eat in the coming two weeks.
I doubt they would appeal to kids, but this is how I like my cookies. Classic with an unexpected twist.
However, although it would be ignorant and dishonest to dismiss the role Jews played in the early efforts to undermine Western society and the role which many eminent Jews still play within the massed ranks ranged against us, it is also possible to overestimate their role. When those within the Nationalist community blame all the attacks on the white European race on the Jews and on some vast Zionist conspiracy they are addressing a single, historical and rapidly shrinking foe, while ignoring many far more vicious and, now more dangerous adversaries.
This weekend's jaunt was announced after first lady Michelle Obama said during a recent trip to Panama City Beach, Florida that, "One of the best ways that fellow Americans can help is to come on down here and spend some money," She's expected to be joined by the president and 9-year old Sasha. Malia, 12, is away at camp for the first time at an undisclosed location.
Today is another messy work day, so no outfit discussion today. Instead, I give you the first installment of my plus size shopping rant.
If this is too much, then just buy a few cans of the white frosting. You will need a small amount of blue for the eyes, white for a thin base layer and peach for the skin color (1 drop red: 3 drops yellow).
Best non-Icelandic bands:
I honestly was very surprised when I saw the beer on Arthur's menu, and after I saw that on the list, I looked no further. When we lived in Hyde Park and were frequenting the café often, the only beers you could get in bottles were Bud, Miller, Coors and Sierra. Maybe they have a beer geek doing the purchasing these days.
The chocolate colored cs, I found in my non-SU! pile!!! And the sentiment, which you can probably tell was handwritten! lol Included in my candy box is white choc, dk choc, milk choc (my favorite, but I'll share!) and a strawberry creme, would you like one???
Zumba is an equalizer.
Add your text.
Bolaño: I know them. I think I even bought them.
that i wasn't attending.
a plurality of optical fibers embedded within the catheter body or placed upon its outer or inner surface for conveying illumination to and optical signals from the target tissues;
the big sis . . . she knew what was up.
If you have ANY questions or problems entering this giveaway, PLEASE contact me!!
How are media, and pop culture representations of disability viewed by the new generation of young people with disabilities?
I find it amusing and challenging to deal with these discussions. But something that always challenged me, at least till I moved to Israel, was the discussions that involved the authors surroundings. For a person living in Denmark, far to the north (at least compared to the ME), it doesn’t make much sense when the Sages talked about the “round of the rising sun” or when the moon is opposite to the sun, in order to establish times for when the night ends and the day begins, or the other way around. But that is what was relevant for them, something I only realized and really notices after I moved here. From where I live I can look east towards Jordan, so when the sun rise in the morning, I can literally see a ball of light on the sky growing and become more light, until the sun rises over the horizon, and at that special time of month, where the moon and the sun will stand opposite of each other, just before the sun sets and the moon begins to rise, I can actually see what the Rabbis saw, and get that better understanding of what they talked about. For me moving here, means that what was theoretic knowledge became real knowledge, what was another person’s experience suddenly became my own.
Chris from Stale Gum keeps a running total of his expenditures right on the face of his blog. That is ballsy. I am sub-consciously keeping myself in the dark about how much I spend on cards, because I like collecting (spending), and if I really take an honest personal inventory of my spending, I may not like what I see.
Rice or pasta to serve
If VB started walking around, grinning like an idiot, which is apparently the only thing that will satisfy some people, will they then have nothing to write about at the DM or will the next never ending fixation be about her teeth or how big she smiles ?
- Local Buckwheat & Elderflower Honey
Rebutter#3: Adam Beizer
Editing: Anne-Sophie Bion, Michel Hazanavicius, The Artist
Persephone
Whilst making the cards for my husband it made me smile...over the years I've been given so many different briefs for cards. They are always varied and some have even made me smile. I've had pets birthdays, people coming out of the closet (so to speak), Gynecologists, (lets just say with added anatomy) you would not believe!
Solitary, listening to the rain,
I’ve also read in a few places about people getting all pent up about the phrase fear of God. There are many who define it as being afraid of punishment and therefore Christians should have no fear of God if we love him. This is probably the fault of our churches, we often teach a gospel too strongly built around personal relationship and Jesus being our friend. Those things are true of course and I love them, but as a church we’ve not been to good at teaching about God being judge as well. We’ve not taught so well about the otherness and awesomeness of God. Its just as well that God isn’t just our friend but also the creator of the universe, its just as well that he is so much greater than us because otherwise just what would be the point of following him?
This is a fun craft to do with your kiddos. It does require supervising and with my two year old I had to help a lot. But they are so cute and I just love how they look on my table.
#160 Eric Liddell said when he ran he felt God’s pleasure. This is what I’m after. Not just in running but in everything I do. And I especially feel God’s pleasure when I write.
We know there is more. Sometimes we feel safe enough to explore what that means for us, exploring our faith. For others of us, we feel scared out of our skin. There are a few brave souls who venture outside of the family faith, often to face much consternation and ridicule.
Whispers of Yesterday – Do you hear what I hear?
Beautiful feelin
While there are Biblical difficulties I have not resolved, I am at ease with my ignorance because I know from experience that there is a long history of finding reasonable answers to apparent contradictions in the Bible, and I know faith in the God of Christianity is the only reasonable place to put my faith.
I woke up very early today, so early that I decided to go back to sleep and ended up waking too late. -_- So, it's another mad rush, and I think this is my 'best' record to date, after I'm done with the bentos, I'm only left with 10 minutes to get ready and send LT to School. Oh well, looks like there will always be such days for me. :P
Ok I know 3 posts in one day… WOW… but I had to link up for the FINAL fall Festival at DIY Show Off!
As for this past weekend, well, I went to Hamburg, Germany with my Holocaust & Genocide class and HOPEFULLY will be able to post something quick about that for you. However this week is SUPER BUSY because it’s the last week before my TWO WEEK TRAVEL BREAK. In other words, there’s a lot to get done. Like that scholarship essay. Yikes.
master bathroom
Richard is world renowned for his work on cultivating communities but last night he introduced us to his latest research on thinking. What do knowledge workers do with the knowledge they have? We all understand the concept of expertise but how do experts think and make decisions?
Me: Mom please stop crying, I pleaded!
“California, San Francisco, August 31, 1854. For malt liquors the demand is not so active as it was a month ago, although it is at all times considerable, and on the increase. Large sales of J. & R. Tennent’s bottled ale have been, during the last fortnight, at 3 dols. 62 cents to 3 dols. 75 cents per dozen, and a sale of about 300 hhds. of the same brand in wood, to arrive, at 60 dols. per hhd. This brand has a larger sale, and is more sought after than any other in the market, from its being peculiarly adapted to the warm climate of the interior, and is much used in San Francisco also.”
My first recipe that I prepared from this book was her Italian cheesecake. I prepared it as my dessert for Christmas and no one was disappointed. I have a fabulous recipe that I have made for years but I really do like this recipe and it may very well become my new favorite.
Feeling pretty bummed this morning.
For a lead role in a cage?
After working for close to a month, I understand the value of little things, like your boyfriend watering the weed daily, or your roommate unloading the dishwasher. It's so easy to make life crazy busy and chaotic, but it's not so easy slowing down.
Yes, I understand that this show is a thriller and as such needs to be suspenseful, but every single episode has the exact same formula. Michael and Lincoln always seem to just do something that is one large step closer to them getting out of harms way and then right before the episode ends there is always the notorious bad guy that comes in to ruin the day. I also understand that this is used to create a cliff hanger and get the viewers to keep coming back week after week, but every single episode is predictable and now becoming boring.
Jenna laughed loudly.
Eyes Like Leaves is a secondary world fantasy in a land similar to ancient Ireland. The wizard Tarn and his mentor Puretongue, who have the ability to change shape, are attempting to defend their land against the forces of the Icelord, who wishes to bring an endless winter. So far, Tarn has met up with Carrie, a young woman unaware of her own magical abilities, and the two of them have been hotly pursued by various "stormkin." Meanwhile, Puretongue and another young protégé travel by sea to meet them.
I don't know how many pictures but all my cards and photo's of my granddaughter, cats, husband, work etc etc were on it.
“On my arrival at the police station, the policemen could not answer any of my questions and just said my client would not be charged with anything,” Mr Bester said.
Ho hum, humpidy hum,
83. The Real Numbers-Welcome To The Numberhood (Self-Released)
I also find myself observing others more, and realizing what a long way I've come in the past 5-10 years. It's a big chunk of time to think about, but I notice how times have changed and how I've aged when observing others. I watch young high-schoolers board the bus with their nonchalant "tough" demeanor and I wonder what they'll be thinking about when they come to my age. I'm not much older than they are, but the space between the teenage and young adult years is much wider than the space between the 20s and 30s.
I have to confess that as a child I actually wasn’t that scared of The Chid Catcher. I suspect that this is because I came from a family of dancers so therefore was on some level aware of the aesthetics of movement and what it can create. Also I didn’t like sweets, and wasn’t dumb so I knew I’d be ok. Weirdly though, as an adult (ish), I can see and appreciate how truly terrifying he was, I mean really scary. Honestly, 60s, what were you thinking?
All the way down here, butterflies kept flying right past my car. Not until about the 20th one did I realize, "Wow! There are a lot of butterflies out today!" LOL! Then it hit me ... they were from God :). I asked for an angelic escort when I got in the car ... I got one. I lost count at around 50 during the four and a half hour trip. Seriously...it was amazing.
we didn't do that this time. and, i'm more disappointed in myself than you will ever know.
Robert Muller – The Workshop Of Filthy Creation
Last night in fact, I had a MAJOR meltdown because Jim was supposed to come visit me, but his work kept him late and he got stuck in traffic on the way home so it would've been like 9:00 before he made up to the hospital. It was pretty much pointless for him to come up here at that point. We both agreed that he should stay at home, and get a good night's sleep (he has to be able to function at work after all!) but at the same time the situation made me so upset. I had been looking forward to seeing him all day and when that was ripped away from me all I could do was cry. It was awful. :(
So here they are with absolutely no order or sense:
Un paese antico.
And I like it.
It's been a while since I posted a How to Write (Like I do) post. This is the latest chapter I've posted to my on-going tips book CRAFTING YOUR BEST STORY, posted for free at Wattpad. You can find a link to it in my writing and publishing tab.
13. The Power of One - Bryce Courtenay
1- BridgePort Brewing Old Knucklehead 2003
Let me just say that I love Disney movies. I am 21 years old and I still watch them more than I should. While watching one, one night I got me to thinking what Disney actually teaches little children. Now I’m warning you that some things are a bit offensive so if you don’t have a sense of humor please stop reading right now. This is just for fun remember ! Read at your own risk…..
Guess what ugly arse horrible color our team is?
This is not so much a letter as it is
We’re fans of economical casts; series that belt out dozens of people to keep track of can be overwhelming. Which is why we’re glad Nazo no Kanojo X is focusing on a relatively small cast. This week formally introduces Oka, who is immediately a more interesting and dynamic character than her boyfriend Ueno, who’s your pretty standard horny school chum hanging on Tsubaki’s shoulder. Like Tsubaki, and the other guy last week (we already forgot his name), Oka is simply fascinated by Urabe, and wants to be her friend; after having seen her and Tsubaki together, and knowing approaching Tsubaki would be “troublesome”.
"No problem," I said. I poured myself a glass of white and stood in the doorway. Apparently there are floor level drafts in my apartment or else styrofoam peanuts have spirits that cause them to drift across the floor. Like kudzu, they had taken over the front of the apartment. Peanuts in shoes, on the bike, on the bar leg. There was no longer a rug. "Ok, Hel," Papa said. "You just try and get the peanuts off your own body, ok?"
You just self-released your first EP. What is the next step?
Yeah that didn’t work so well. My step-father had spilled the beans the day before… so she was suspicious, and kept questioning everything I was doing. I refuse to lie, so when she point blank asked me what the fuck was going on… I HAD to tell her. How else could I explain away wanting to buy a pound of lobsta meat at the fish market? Seriously.
It would depend on the SPL agreeing that such an event was not a liquidation so as to save Hibs or Dunfermline from relegation.
because you know that the testing of your faith
- Africa and Russia would be true Empire size, China, Europe and Old Rome (the planetary/Archon worshippers under the Legions) barely making the size requirement
"We have launched an internal investigation into the editorial process surrounding this particular story," a Today spokesman told The Hollywood Reporter.
Perhaps the question for the Republican Party is this, as it “moves to de-centralize the federal government does it want to centralize its power”? The question then becomes as we de-centralize the federal government do we want the political parties to become more centralized in power? Will the members of the GOP be willing to accept a centralized party which will in turn give us a more centralized government controlled by centralized parties?
Needless to say, I had a boo boo. But 3 weeks on I'm fine, it's healed and doesn't hurt. I have to redo my fingerprints for our security system though. And I did lose 99% of the feeling in 1/4 of my finger. fortunately only along the side.
In college, I destroyed two cars as a pizza delivery boy. Seriously, if you ever want to give a big fuck-you to your bank account, deliver pizzas. Considering it as a viable job opportunity? Save yourself a lot of time and money, smash your transmission with bricks right now and go back to bed. Financially, you've ended up in the same place as you would have if you'd taken the job, and you're better rested to boot.
‘He could have been 15 but he could have been 23. He could have been a paedophile or a rapist.
build up to knew questions, new interests, new projects - all of which
The entire population of Buchanan Dam is less than two thousand scattered around the shore of Lake Buchanan. Our subdivision consisted of five houses and wonderful neighbors. We took care of each other. We called on each other. We supported each other.
You know when you don't like someone - you can go off that name forever. Mine is Madeleine. I used to think it was a lovely name until a certain person came into my life.
Don’t leave the tap running while you brush your teeth, shave or wash your hands. This can waste up to six litres of water per minute.
The Savage Return of Dracula #1 (Marvel) Gene Colan file copy – signed in red by Gene) – winner (kjo)
The EPO is strict on lack of unity, and lack of unity is often found on biotech cases. This is now more problematic given that the EPO has imposed stricter deadlines for filing divisional applications. When lack of unity is found Examiners will tend to split the claimed subject matter into different inventions along the lines of the sequences that can be used in the invention. Sometimes each sequence is deemed a separate invention, leading to a large number of inventions being identified. This is unfortunate as there are often other ways to define the inventions that lead to a lower number of total inventions. However given the present practice of the EPO, if the invention relates to multiple sequences then the most important sequence should be listed first (either in the claims or in the description).
Jeffrey Laing, PhD, SantaFe.com
Update: Ok, feeling better! Terry could see I was a bit grisly about his reaction but he did emphasize that he loved the event, the surprise it’s just a bit conflicting for him when he has his determination set, so yes, I can understand that. Plus it helps that I had a fabulous fast run! Speed went from 6mph to 6.2!! Bring it on!! I’m ready for Jan 21 4M Race!!
The spring onions added a nice sweetness to the beans.
I apply for my first job in fourth grade by filling out a form in the back of a comic book. There, next to advertisements for x-ray specs and garlic chewing gum is the opportunity to earn extra money I've been looking for: door-to-door sales. Candles, greeting cards, little porcelain salt and pepper figurines of angels, windmills, and mushrooms. Who wouldn't want to buy these things?
Managing such an eclectic mix deftly is no mean feat yet the quality of the work in The Delinquent is consistently high. Now in its Seventeenth issue The Delinquent is priced at a modest £11 per year (3 issues). In the current no.17 Daniel Adey’s A Postmodernist Remembers stands out as a typically Delinquent poem:
Each of Kristal's stamp sets benefit charity. At least $1 per stamp set goes to benefit the charity noted on the stamp set package. Kristal is donating to the following charities: Cancer Angels, Storefront Shelter for Homeless Children, Intrepid & Fallen Heroes, E. Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation, Doorways Shelter for Women & Children (Domestic Violence), Wayside House for Women, Camp Good Days & Special Times, Adopt a Classroom, and Autism Research Institute. Kristal will donate $1 for every stamp set sold, retail or wholesale to the charity noted; and over time believes this will add up to some wonderful miracles for these special people. So you can feel good that each time you purchase a K Andrew Designs art stamp set, someone around the country is receiving some good help!
Labor Day we are expecting temps in the low 30's, so more color to follow!
portfolio holder.”
"Ummm, the door is locked so I have to go in through the window," I said, hoping with any luck, that God would allow me to spontaneously combust right then. Joe watched as I finished climbing in.
I wish I had something wise and profound to write about tonight, but I'm just too tired. And the baby is crying. Something about teeth coming in...and why do both girls have to teeth at once? Every time? It just doesn't seem right.
I really liked how the lights and darks in this shot combined…
and crashed on the couch with her puppy maya by her side
So until next year - and there may a little wait until there are new posts (but there are many awesome posts in the past) - take care of yourselves and each other. I miss you rather too much but I will be back soon with many words and hope.
and NOW Our 3 eaglets flies the winds
All these and more factors in human existance are turning negative, because the human race is concentating on “ego” instead of God. So He will continue to take action to change the focus. It will be up to Him whether He will allow a remanent to exist to restart a new human world or whether to just kill off Humanity. If we humans can change in time, this might help him decide.
I also loved the shrimp taco with crispy shards of chorizo and giant butterflied shrimp. YUM.
http://www.ribenaroom.com/ Ciara has a FAB Craft room that we would all love! And her talent as a card maker is second to none! Go visit this Craft space for a wealth of talent & craft room storage ideas too!
Preheat oven to 350 F. In a medium-sized bowl, whisk all-purpose flour, mesquite flour, baking powder, and baking soda. In another medium-sized bowl beat butter, sugar, and brown sugar until light and fluffy. Beat the eggs and yogurt into the butter/sugar. Alternately add the flour mixture and the apple cider to the butter/sugar mixture, beating after each addition until just combined. Fold in the cheese and bacon. Fill cupcake liners 3/4 full. Bake for 20 minutes or until cupcakes bounce back when lightly touched.
Once the holy grail of AURORAphiles, mainly because of the hefty pricetag back in the 60ties. For $4.95 you could buy 5 regular AURORA monster models or tons of candy. So most kids skip it, resulting in poor sales. Big Frankie disappeared quickly from the catalog and store shelves within a year and haunted the minds of Baby Boomersever since.
So I'm feeling better from that sick run I had for a while. I'm still deaf in one ear so I'll probably be heading to the doctor again to see what the problem is. But since there's almost no pain now I'm not as concerned as I was before, probably just a wax build up or something. I also lost a bit of weight too (or so everyone is telling me at the very least, I never notice these kinds of things) But that's not important, was is important was that is was my birthday last week and I didn't get any of my gifts until a few days ago since no one was allowed to see me so I couldn't contaminate them. Needless to say, I was pretty dam excited for once since this was technically the first birthday I had on the island since I moved and could actually spend it with my friends, last year I was forced to go to Florida because my mother thought it would be "fun". I ended up getting blisters both my legs bruised for two weeks since I got hurt on almost every ride we went on. In comparison, I think being sick this year was an improvement.
2 1/2-3 c confectioners sugar
With the “Pirate of the Year” awards around the corner, Pirate Captain (Hugh Grant) and his crew of scallywags take to the high seas to find a bounty worthy of entering the awards. Instead they find a young Charles Darwin (David Tennant), who informs them that their beloved parrot is in fact a rare dodo, a discovery priceless in the scientific world.
While there will always be down times of sadness and scandal in the world of sports, there will always be times of incredible highs and elation. As sports fans we should take notice of joy in moments like a professional league draft, the victories of the playoffs, and the triumphs of those who break records.
Back in my day, we didn't have this problem. Mainly because songwriters back then had the decency to cover up any smut with a thin layer of ambiguity. Sure, those songs sound innocent enough at first, but under that pretty veil lies the face of a rotting zombie-bride, and you've already said your vows! Erm, I mean you've probably not noticed the erotic and violent subtexts of some of the classic oldies your granny likes to dance to.
“But with whom was he angry forty years? Was it not those who sinned, whose bodies fell in the wilderness? And to whom did he swear that they would not enter his rest, if not to those who were disobedient? So we see that they were unable to enter because of unbelief.
So we might say that, while architects are busy trying to reimagine traditional building typologies and architectural programs—such as the Library, the Opera House, the Airport, the Private House—these sorts of formally original, though sometimes aesthetically kitsch, designs that we are examining here come not from an architecture firm at all, or from a particular school or department, but from a recreational sports firm pioneering brand new spatial environments.
Silly is acceptable, being an idiot is not.
It was when he was based at the Maria Ratschitz Mission, between Dundee and Ladysmith, that he became concerned about the forced removals. The Maria Ratchitz mission was an an area that had been proclaimed “white”, but had lots of black tenants who lived there and farmed. One of the mission practices in early days was to establish such farms, which were settled by early converts to Christianity, where they could be close to the church. It was a transplantation to Africa of the idea of a medieval European village. But now the area was “white”, and so the black tenants had to go. It was a “black spot” in the white area on the map, which must be rubbed out.
Only one full-timing and one extended traveler had a washer/dryer in their RV. One full-timer claimed she washed her clothes on a rock!
1 John 5:8: These three agree in one.
Thankfully, he later agreed to read the rest of the book along with book two of the series. Stephen’s editorial diagnosis: the first hundred pages of book one had energy and the last half of book two did. He suggested combining the two books.
Bordelais a lay of flowers placed on a border
3-13. That was the record after 16 games and it seemed like this was going to be another bust of a season. However, during that stretch, it was clear that they were playing a better brand of basketball but it was not translating into wins. Since that start and since it started translating into wins, the Sixers have gone 24-16.
The other week when I first came across the music of Paryumchiakdan I heard the sound of something great. I listened to <U+C640><U+C778><U+C758> <U+BC24> plenty of times on ReverbNation and then proceeded to ask the band's leader and drummer Akhee Ahn for an interview. He swiftly agreed and made sure his band members answered my questions as well:
- Ibid
‘Whereas in Ghana, if a baby’s born two months early, people kind of expect the baby to die,’ Lawn said.
There is no set price for the boxes, which are located around Edinburgh.
Investigators say Joly had sunglasses and a scarf with her.
Goering agreed to surrender unconditionally but asked that his family be cared for, and the Nazi leader was delivered to Foster for transport the next day.
On the other hand, if the hundreds of thousands of people addicted to Angry Birds had spent those countless hours improving their skills and lives -- perhaps achieving that elusive state of true self-actualization and maybe making a valuable, lasting contribution to society -- instead of lobbing cartoon digital birds at green pigs, I guess those 44 billion Stars wouldn't have been collected.
Have a great day.
Rate: US$ 500/day.
A rabble-rousing right-wing talk show host has been stirring up trouble. No, not that one: don't be so US-centric. I'm talking about Egypt's Tawfiq Okasha, who seems to have provoked today's clashes between pro-SCAF and anti-SCAF protesters outside the US Embassy in Cairo. Okasha, who as publicly supported the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces and denounced the release of the detained US and other foreign NGO workers, urged protests against the US Embassy and support for SCAF. (Yes, SCAF gets $1.3 billion from the US annually. Yes, there's no way the NGO workers could have left Egypt without SCAF signing off on it, but since no one has publicly admitted to lifting the travel ban, it must have been a plot. Don't try to be too analytical here: it will give you headaches.) Anyway, a pro-SCAF, anti=American protest assembles outside the Embassy, demanding the "deportation" of the US Ambassador (to Israel, since Israel had to enter in somewhere here).
$575 Billion: Amount Of Medicare Cuts In ObamaCare. (CMS Chief Actuary Richard S. Foster, Memo, 4/22/10)
Get your crockpot out and grease the bottom with a little butter. (I know, sounds like Paula Dean!)
Other experiments:
You guys (and two ladies) should see them! They are awesome! Joey Votto is there. His pose is iconic, I kid you not. Starlin Castro was included, looking all young and what not. Can you go wrong with a Joe Mauer card!? Look at it! Oh, right.
EAC-FLAC-LOG-CUE-SCANS 338 MB
Someone once told me I was foolish to keep trying for this crazy writer-dream thing I had. Think how I’d feel if it never happened or if it went wrong or…
You have a comfort zone which covers around about 10% either side of what you currently have in any area of your life. This can be in your relationships, your finances or your lifestyle.
Now there are a few obstacles that I will need to find a way around, first and foremost I have no experience or even basic knowledge of sailing. The local community college does offer a sailing course with lessons on a nearby lake so that does not appear to be a showstopper. Other small issues are the costs of marina fees, repairs, and upkeep for a sailboat that I would insist remain on the coast. Continued funding for those expenses are trickier since college is quickly approaching for my son as is braces for my daughter, which one of those will ultimately cost the most is up in the air right now.
HAAAAAAAAAAAAPPPPPPPPPPYYYY HHHHAAAALLLLOWWWWEEEEEENNNNNNN.
~Sengstan~
I would definitely use the Kiss Nail Dress again. With this design, I would probably paint my other nails a solid black or silver glitter while using the leopard as accent nails again. For fun I would probably purchase the design below. It’s like the caviar manicure, but without the drying time!
Basically we can traverse these dimensions and rotate through them thereby expanding our perception beyond our condensed bubble like 3D. by reaching zero point we can transcend ourselves into other universes and the dimension that lie beyond.
There it is, evangelism, as we identify ourselves with the lost for as they are, we once were. Remember that you and I are only sinners but as for me, saved by grace.
The nascent third-party movement called Americans Elect assembled a dream team of prospective presidential nominees: Mike Bloomberg! Colin Powell! Chris Christie! Mitch Daniels! Condi Rice! Rick Santorum! Hillary Clinton!
Ask yourself: what price do you pay to get there… that is IF you are there in the first place… and are you seen where customers are looking for your products and services?
Damek and I started a new novel yesterday, 'Leven Thumps' by Obert Skye. Damek and I have been reading novels together since Damek was 4 years old. I remember loving reading as a young child. I remember seeing both my parents read books for pleasure. My dad in particular had a real passion for reading tackling a few different books at a time on different topics. We had books all over our house (on bookshelves, in end tables, on tabletops, ect..) as well as many different magazines on many different topics.
I just realized the blog about parents was actually day 4. Oops.
As usual I find space art hidden in the oddest places. During the early 1960s space flight was all about our American heroes. While Scott Carpenter was the first astronaut it was John Glenn who was our first "space hero." Reader's Digest created this anthology of articles for children to read including this article about John Glenn.
The RAND Corporation is surely one of the world’s most unusual, Cold War-bred private organizations in the field of international relations. While it has attracted and supported some of the most distinguished analysts of war and weaponry, it has not stood for the highest standards of intellectual inquiry and debate. While RAND has an unparalleled record of providing unbiased, unblinking analyses of technical and carefully limited problems involved in waging contemporary war, its record of advice on cardinal policies involving war and peace, the protection of civilians in wartime, arms races, and decisions to resort to armed force has been abysmal.
Her publishing credits include the books Grace for the Race: Meditations for Busy Moms and Mothers of the Bible (both with Barbour), compilations such as Chicken Soup for the Sister’s Soul Woman’s World and HomeLife, and tips for Working Mother, Family Circle and Parenting.
The 2012 Alberta general election is one of the most hotly contested elections in recent years. What voters decide today will have deep impact to Albertans, Alberta-based, and Canadian businesses in general. Do Albertans and Alberta-based businesses want a new government? We will find out tonight.
I got some pretty nice looks from the ladies today ;D Or not. I don't know.
Her second chapter heading is a quotation from William Blake, ‘Imagination is the Divine Body in Every Man.’ So straight away, she is talking about the relationship between imagination and soul, and seeing creative writing as a spiritual undertaking.
Here's the progress I've made with Mary Konior's "Asters" edging. At one point I got so frustrated with the modifications I made to turn the corner, plus I found that I had miscounted a couple of rings, that I discarded what I had done and started over. I'm pretty happy with what I've got now.
God bless. Godspeed. Rest in peace. May others take their example of how to live a good life from you.
<U+FEFF>We of course had physical therapy this month. Same as the previous month. She still isn't crawling and I am still being told that I shouldn't worry about it. So we push on....
So what am I to learn from these?
TOTAL EXPENSES: RM14,194.36 (excluding preparation like clothes, bags etc). I guess if I don't spend my money at Sothy's it only cost me less than 10k. But, I use Sothy's, so better to buy cheaper products in Paris than buy here in M'sia in the near future and spend more money.
Anyway, something has really struck me. This latest surge in popularity for Dystopian novels has been a fun thing. Well, you should read this book if you like that sort of stuff. Because guess what, we've had plenty of dystopias in the PAST. I totally feel like I'm reading a book about the future, where an evil government has taken away all of your rights and identity and what makes you unique. Where people live in daily fear of being arrested at a whim.
Glowgold finally appeared, a bit grumpy and nervous, for the irritating Siamese cat delighted in chasing fairies. Purry Paw loved to bat at their delicate wings. Glowgold’s escort pounced on top of the cedar chest and intentionally draped his wide, gray tail over the keyhole.
In the meantime, I'll be self-pubbing, making money.
Badder than ol’ King Kong,
"it's not as if they'll ask really difficult questions like
As always, you really cannot expect that 4 months of your life will all be on a high note, and that being said, it’s been a roller coaster of highs and lows, most of the lows being illness – head cold related, or over-training injuries, and the highs being great workouts, healthy nutrition, and an overall feeling of accomplishment and success.
It is in moments like these that the well-adjusted fantard must realize, it is the greatest thrill in the world to meet your idols for the first time, but you must never ever forget the thrill of the chase that preceded it. In other words, not to steal clichés or anything, but it is the journey—as much as the destination—that makes these experiences worth living for. The fact that you have pined so ardently for Perfume, for so long, is what makes that meeting special. (If some random dude met Perfume on the red carpet, it would not mean nearly as much, now would it?)
5. www.Realtor.com (from Apps Store)
And, I’m glad I did.
...in the rain.
DeMarco was charged with possession of a controlled substance and tampering with evidence. She was being held at the jail on $2,000 bond on Wednesday.
82. Whah hurt eye does mek nose run water. When one member of the family is hurt all others feel it
Finally picked out a lining for my bag. I found this Alexander Henry print in my stash - another good reason why I need to keep it neat! I'm hoping to finish this bag before I go away this weekend, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to....we'll see!
A top U.S. housing regulator Mr. DeMarco oversees mortgage giant Fannie Mae and has, ”apparently been withholding from Congress” documents showing the potential benefits of the program to taxpayers and homeowners, wrote the two Democrats, in a letter to DeMarco that was released to MSNBC.com.
Green spoons
I would like to congratulate my fellow sophomores and all the graduates of this school year (2011-2012).
The characteristics indicate that Rebellatrix pursued and preyed on other fish. Coelacanths peaked during the dinosaur age, but only two species are thought to exist today. It fills the evolutionary stage between many bony fish and tetrapods, four-legged land creatures.
Give these a try, they'll make your entire kitchen smell like Christmas. =) And it really wasn't that difficult. It's actually pretty fun, once you get the hang of it!
Chevy Van…Sammy Johns
Plans have changed, decisions have been made, more folks have got involved and we’re now going to have a whole week of actions and protests in Bristol to celebrate May Day, leading up to a large march and action on Saturday the 5th.
“Yet each year, to placate civil servants, the PM will appear on TV to say, we honour our civil servants because they have done a good job, blah blah. Which is not entirely true. The service is slow, the quality of officers is questionable.”
- House's final episode will be called Everyone Dies and Olivia Wilde will be one of the guest stars in it.
And, although this post is about metaphor cliches, there are all kinds of other cliches--word choices we don't even think of the meaning of. Many of them are peppered throughout this post, but since I was focusing on metaphor cliches, I'm going to let them slide, just this once. :-)
Quin - 5 inches long
I think I'll want to take down the giant princess mask (a Target Halloween decoration many seasons ago) and bring her with me and probably some of my artwork, too. The walls are filled with paintings, frames, inspiring images, photographs, postcards and verses I wrote on myself. "Mom, you wrote on your walls," one of my daughters remarked years ago. "Yes, I did because they are mine."
I never knew whether I would have children or not. At 34 I was still single, not ever imagining that I would meet a man "in time." Or at least not a man who'd stick around long enough to impregnate me. And I had mostly come to terms with it, but not entirely. Not because I was desperate to be a mom. More because I hate hate HATE more than anything being told what I cannot do. Tell me I can't sing, I will sing every chance I get. Tell me I can't go to Kirsten Silverstein's house after school because her mom lets her smoke pot, that's where you'll find me. Tell me I can't climb Everest--well, I will not climb Everest. But I will resent you and maybe say a few catty things about you behind your back.
And let us proclaim the mystery of the faith: Christ has died, Christ has risen, Christ will come again.
From my story "Big Girls Do Cry" which you can read in full in Curvy Girls. You would not believe the number of men who think that just because I’m a big girl, a voluptuous size 16 who isn’t afraid to show off all my assets, that what I’m put on this earth for is to beat their bottoms silly. I’m sure there are plenty of women who get off on that—because I’ve seen them in action and heard plenty of stories—but having a naked, eager, collared man at my feet just isn’t for me. I’m not offended by it or anything, it just doesn’t turn me on, just like some people prefer rocky road and some prefer vanilla. I like my road to be rocky—as long as someone else is doing the rocking.
I believe there remains just one reason why we still have print newspapers: So men have something to take to the toilet and toss on the floor when they’re done.
Assess: However, notice the young woman in the flip flops who winds up the ground observing and assessing the situation — several times, actually, as the first couple of action choices don’t appear to be working.
So, which is it? Is worship something physical, tangible, and full of substance, or is worship an activity; something we choose to participate in, such as singing songs on Sunday mornings? Worship actually is both; the blending of two definitions — the noun and the verb. The best example of this mixture of two definitions is in the Hebrews’ view of worship.
'Ok.' I nervously replied.
Sonny Morgan: congas
We were in France last year and decided to drive from our gite here to the seaside resort of Royan on the Gironde estuary where the combined flows of the Dordogne, the Lot and the Garenne flow out to sea. I love the Atlantic Ocean. It was quite a drive, but worth it. I wanted to see the Belle Epoque villas so after an early lunch we walked along the seafront at La Grande Conche, a tree-lined promenade lined with the most amazing villas and with a great view across the Gironde. At the end of the 19th century sea-bathing became very fashionable and rich Parisians flocked to Royan to spend the summer. They built the most extraordinary villas along the seafront and in the area known as 'le parc'. Former residents include Picasso, Sarah Bernhardt and Emile Zola.
As an aside: Internal communication doesn't seem to be much better. The first communiqué I received about this matter did not include the actual bylaw language proposed. In an effort to be informed and fair, I contacted a school board member in order to familiarize myself with the proposal's specifics. As of Saturday morning, at least some of the school board members had received neither an agenda nor an information packet related to Monday's meeting and had no idea that bylaw changes were even being proposed. The public, on the other hand, is expected to have their act together well in advance to be considered at all.
I'm very busy today, lots of Squares. These next ones have come in from Suzanne here in the UK. Suzanne tells me she hasn't been Crocheting for long! You would never have thought it! The Squares once again are just so pretty, lovely patterns and great colours! Once again here is another Lady who knows how to put colours together! Let's have a look at her Squares now!
don’t forget Mary Jane she’s been lit alive,
To save me and you a lot of time, buy pre-made Empanada discs or rounds. You can find these frozen in ethnic food stores or Mexican food stores. If you’re in Portland, go to “La Grande” near 122nd and Division. They sell smaller rounds (about 5 inches wide) and larger rounds (7-8 inches wide). I bought two smalls and one large for later use. For my filling I chose a standard picadillo filling (or ground meat). I added beans for extra protein and filling and lots of vegetables and sazones.
Drinkaware.ie have recently launched a new campaign to encourage people to drink at their own pace. The ad clearly targets the younger Irish generation, who can often times be accused of drinking to keep up with the crowd rather than for enjoyment. It is a well known fact that alcohol affects different people in different ways, there are a number of factors that impact a persons tolerance, including weight, age, height and sexuality. Therefore it is vital that people pace themselves and drink within their own capabilities.
Writing? you ask. Yes. Writing. While I'm best known for my harp music, I'm also a professional writer. I have a B.A. degree in English with a concentration in writing and Mass Communications. I've been an advertising copywriter at my day job for more than 15 years. I write blogs for product lines, email and web copy, direct mail catalog and product copy, and print advertisement copy. My advertising writing has appeared in major publications like Modern Bride and Martha Stewart Weddings. I've also written as a freelancer for local organizations and Minnesota State University, Mankato, publications.
This was too much for poor Ebony, who'd been sitting semi patiently at my feet.........
Barnes and Noble offers free shipping on purchases over $25. Also be sure to enroll in the free Barnes and Noble Kids Club, this provides you with a reward as you spend a certain amount, discounted prices on children's books, and a free birthday cupcake and digital book.
Other Books by E. Lockhart
Business-to-business or B2B email marketing distinguishes itself from business-to-consumer or B2c email marketing using some main reasons. Your articles needs to be right to the idea, professional and persuasive enough since most recipients who appeal to B2B email marketing need to know your own purpose for engaging communication together, the value as well as the benefit you will get from their store. Just how can your business benefit their company? These are the basic forms of questions you should consider before beginning an email campaign. Answer these kind of questions within your email newsletter.
By the way, I missed adding my link to The Story Siren's IMM post last Sunday, so I am reposting this (with the added books I have gotten over the last week, so you all can see my TWO Sunday's worth of books!) Sorry for the confusion.
Are lines in a leaf like veins in a human body? I think so. HOWEVER, the lines in a leaf are LIKE the lines in a human palm. Thoreau in his book WALDEN compared a leaf to a human hand. It is a remarkable description. I don’t remember the exact quote, but I remembered the thought. Therefore, each time I see a leaf, I think of a human hand and Thoreau and that metaphorical description in WALDEN. It works for me.
Are you John Galt? If so, where are you and what are you going to do about this?
This chapter begins with God’s judgement being pronounced on Baasha by Jehu the prophet. Despite seeing what happened to Jeroboam because of his sins, Baasha still followed a similar path, and a similar judgement to Jeroboam’s was meted to him- any of his that died in the city would be eaten by dogs,and those that die in the fields, by birds.
But this isn't the story of co-option, of street energy being tamed and exploited by the industry. At every level of hip hop, from the precinct hoodlum, through the cottage industry small labels, right on up to the corporate empires of Def Jam and Cold Chillin', rappers are on the make, eyes on the main chance, looking to be promoted to the next tier of capitalism.
In 2006, due to my input, a new professional format for leaflets was brought in. The design was upgraded and combined with the selection of a striking and forceful message, in A3 full-colour finish. And at the same time as canvassing we were continuing to work away in the parks, cleaning graffiti, picking up litter and clearing brooks, leaving the perception in people’s minds that we had already been elected and were going about our council work.
Whether you view Allen as a hero of the people who saved Britain from civil war, or the sneaking and treacherous letter-thief who prevented the accession of the true King to the throne will depend on your sympathies; Tory or Whig, Catholic or Protestant. Either way there was no doubt of his significance. It is a strange fact, though, that locally he is known only as postmaster and quarry owner. His role as spy is not general knowledge. But I have, of course, cast him in my latest book in this secret role.
Below are a list of resources you can use to study the Titanic, but don't stop there. It's important to learn dates and facts, but as trainers of our children's character and mentors in their relationship with God there is also a great opportunity to take the lessons deeper into our children's heart.
It's a lifelong thing, I know. This learning. This loving. This living a good life. I intend to be open to it.
Althought fiber might benefit some cats with diarrhea, constipation, and more generally IBD, healthy cats don’t need bulking agents in their diets. However, some scientific evidence shows soluble fiber’s binding action slows down the body glucose absorption, stabilizing blood glucose levels. Moderation is the key, even when fiber might be medically warranted, such as for diabetic cats.
06 Just The Way You Are
Beautifully described exploration of the natural and spiritual landscapes of Late Roman Britain.
"Foodie mentor" introduced me to the place a while ago, during another dineLA restaurant week - and I had a Foie Gras with Haricots Verts Salad soaked in truffle vinaigrette that I will never forget, Handcut Steak Tartare layered with caviar, and the creamiest panna cotta for dessert. It was one of the most amazing meals I had ever had in LA, and definitely the best dineLA deal by far that year.
I knew that I was getting a little 'wild' but frankly, I liked the way that I felt so much that I suppose that I felt like the risk was worth it. But believe me, its not. Well....live and learn.
Kiss and suck her nipples while fingering her pussy
Outlook 2007
The boxes, the pace, rhymes and all.
When Charlie Wilmot, the Duke’s herald and Vern and Grace’s friend, gets mugged and his fiancé’s engagement ring stolen, they agree to find the culprit. But his courier pouch held more than just a ring–the secret device sewn into it could help others create their own Interdimensional Gap–or usher Armageddon into two universes. Drafted into an Interdimensional intelligence network, Vern, Grace and Charlie go undercover–Vern, as a human! It’s super-spy spoofing at its best as 007 meets Ragnarok!
Her throat has healed, yes, but she still cannot speak. Kesta worries that perhaps she never will again, but neither he nor Mesdan wishes to tell Eliss that. She rests on Kesta’s bedroll, surrounded by gifts of stone or spice, condolences on her family and blessings for her survival.
Since I’m writing this historical blog, here’s your first assignment of the New Year. You are welcome to leave them as a comment, but no, you don’t have to submit them to anyone, just yourself or your critique partner.
There’s a reason why American Idol works, and you know what they say, if it’s not broken, don’t fix it. AI has a Top 12 (or 13). If there was one good thing about X-Factor it was that it had a Top 12. Does The Voice have a top 12? No. It doesn’t. It has a Top Who Knows What. I mean, if you have to rely on the term “quarter finals” for your show, you’re doing it wrong. There are other things that The Voice could learn from a show that’s been going strong for 11 years, but this is the most important. We can’t care about the show if we don’t care about the contestants. And we can’t care about the contestants if we have to wait several weeks in between their performances.
So, it's November, and we all know what that means: hand cramps, murdered pens, overheated computers and lots and lots of writing!
The contrast was remarkable and magical. It's great to get out in the natural world!
Jerome
Time will tell, if time you take
TH: I couldn’t respect Bobby Fischer. Because once I did it would throw my game off. I would think different. Even just a bit.
“What a waste,” Xu Guan shook his head, “Why would they carry duplicate items when only one is needed for a squad?”
ps - i want my "cake" to be a lucious tower of cream puffs and perhaps tiny cream brulees as another dessert. not that i've thought about that or...anything....really
December 7 Nashville, TN Cannery
Demonolgy is still too basic. I don’t understand why Blizzard wants us to have fewer abilities in our more powerful form. I don’t want metamorphosis to be the “lol slash spam” stance.
~Guy Finley
Well imagine my surprise when apparently Mr. Conte himself not only read what I wrote but took the time to post a response to it. So following is Mr. Conte’s response as posted on this site:
Makes 10 – I made 1/3 of the recipe above, got 3 tarts and ¼ cup of the compote left
Kaylee started asking me questions about that and I decided to continue my conversation with her. The fact is, she's old enough to possibly get pregnant. I felt like if I ceased the conversation, I might miss the wide open window to have it.
Celebrate God all day, every day. I mean, revel in him! Make it as clear as you can to all you meet that you’re on their side, working with them and not against them. Help them see that the Master is about to arrive. He could show up any minute! Don’t fret or worry. Instead of worrying, pray. Let petitions and praises shape your worries into prayers, letting God know your concerns. Before you know it, a sense of God’s wholeness, everything coming together for good, will come and settle you down. It’s wonderful what happens when Christ displaces worry at the centre of your life. MSG
Box office sales are the mark of popularity. They measure how many have flocked to the theatres and are willing to pay to see a movie. Low ticket sales of course is related to how widely released the movie is, but it also gauges popular taste. There’s the rub, would the Academy members vote for a movie that has been seen by just a fraction of the viewing public? Would they judge a movie only on its artistic and technical merits rather than the sales it generates?
You would fix the TRUE root of the problem! NOT just the symptoms! Am I right?
Any good dog treat ideas?
Businesses would prefer to give an employee a raise and add more tasks to the employees job scope than pay a minimum wage and be faced with arbitrary pay increases each time the government changes the law.
Alright, I promised world building advice and world building advice I will give. Anyone who has been writing for a while has run into the problem of realizing that he or she just doesn’t know enough about their story. In modern or historical fiction this calls for travel or research, after all if I don’t know enough about England to finish my story, then I need to go learn more about England. If I don’t know enough about Napoleon, then I need to learn more about Napoleon. However, if fantasy and science fiction writing this calls for World Building, after all when Tolkien ran into a problem who couldn’t just hop on a plane and take a trip to Middle Earth to find the answer. Speculative fiction is about creation, and so when a speculative fiction author realizes that he/she doesn’t know enough about his/her world to finish a story, then the only solution is to create more world. Thus, world building.
We ended the afternoon watching loons, red-breasted merganser, and a variety of grebes in the Winchester Bay boat basin. Finally it was time to ‘eat dinner out.’ For us that meant picking up take-out fish and chips at our favorite little restaurant and taking our dinner up to the lighthouse.
we are coming, always coming
I had a guy call me one night and say, “Well, what are your credentials?” I said, “Well, I’ve been there. You know, I’ve listened to people, I’ve done investigations and I’ve found stuff that I can’t explain—that’s my credentials.” They wanna think that if you don’t have a Ph.D. in biology that you can’t investigate Bigfoot. As a matter of fact, there are some wildlife biologists who are starting to come out, and one in Canada that I know of, John Bindernagel, and he’s a professor of wildlife biology, and he’s basically come out and said, “This is real.” And, you know, jeopardizing his career doing so. There’s a few of them that are starting to come out.
yesterday my pal Annie screamed and yelled at me for a good 10 minutes about how she wanted to see a picture of my face AND my belly in one photo. she kept getting pics of just my belly and she expressed a need for a FULL photo. well, it's quite hard to get all 3 of us in the frame with my IPhone but i did my best because Annie threatened to never speak to me again if i didn't send her said photos.
Both of the presumptive Stanley Cup faves are out in the first round and now one of these four Western Conference teams will eventually play for the Cup – Nashville, LA, St. Louis or Phoenix. What are Canadian fans to do?
98And once the lot of Abelard and me.
The Conflict Within were first established in 2009. Was this your first project?
I took the hinges off of my shutter. I played around with it to get an idea of what I wanted it to look like.
I lovingly made each link of this necklace, connected and shaped them, while wishing for rain.
As your child is learning the numbers, be sure to point them out when you see them in day-to-day life. Point to and identify numbers in a recipe, on a sign, in a book, at the store, or write them yourself!
And John Lynch, the chairman of FAIR, admitted to John Dehlin in a Mormon Stories podcast that many commonly-held beliefs of the members are untrue - specifically mentioned are that there were NOT more women than men in the church when they practiced polygamy and that the Masons did not really have the temple ceremony from Solomon's time.
I need to take a trip to Phoenix to see if I can figure out some assisted living for my mom, still not settled, and then get back here for some serious packing, donating, and throwing away!
Four Frames wood mount set
6. It is impossible to start a chainsaw painlessly with a sprained wrist.
When we first launched our Apple-a-Month Club subscription service in October, it was with a mix of excitement, trepidation, and, to put it bluntly, low expectations. Admittedly, this was a defense mechanism, so that each new subscription would thrill us rather than the small numbers of people who blindly trust our taste feeling like a slight.
The good news is that cost-savings due to library consolidation will allow librarians (and users) to buy research materials needed as budgets shift and transitions take place. With the relocation of books there are many possibilities for creating new spaces for group study and collaboration areas.
into one’s personal position and problems, to give definition to one’s thoughts, to keep up and stimulate attention which sometimes flags
First I’ll share a few things the kids and I have been doing.
Er, Bridget’s been in over her head since the bloody show started and she foolishly reunited with Siobhan but in terms of the naff Ponzi scheme plot, er not so much. This episode tried to give Andrew a bit more facets as a character and sadly, it didn’t succeed all that well for it.
In this botanical wonderland east of the Himalayas, in China’s southwest Yunnan province, David had a consultation with the famous village healer, Dr. Ho, a figure of great cross-cultural interest. “I was raised by Christian missionaries,” Ho told the Daily Telegraph, (in one of many news stories). “But there were many other religions, too – Muslim, Buddhism, Confucianism and Naxi.”
Amity: Peace, kindness, love, and freedom, yellow and red, counselors and caretakers
Old memories will return to me...when comes sweet lilac time.
I'm bored with football. This might have something to do with the lackluster season the Seahawks are having and some weird coaching decisions they've made (trading Housh?! those challenges two weeks ago?!). It also might have something to do with my moodiness, which has coincided pretty distinctly with the football season. (Blame it on football? Sure, why not.)
I have not tried any of the West Breweries beers. The fact that I am still breathing proves that perhaps. Am I alone in thinking that having ones products described as lethal is a bad thing, unless you are in the business of making chemical weapons, rat poison or insecticide?
Away from truth
The Lord, on this occasion of His weeping, described to us that overthrow of Jerusalem which took place under the Emperors Titus and Vespasian. There is no one who has read the history of that history can doubt. For the Roman rulers are here referred to when He says: For the days shall come upon thee; and thy enemies shall cast a trench about thee, and compass thee around, and straiten thee on every side, and beat thee flat to the ground, and thy children who are in thee.
I suppose those are questions that we have to answer for ourselves. But if you want to succeed as a writer--in whatever way you define success--then you are going to have to take it seriously.
Bake at 350 degrees F for 30-35 minutes.
Section 4 goes far to settle the legislative intention of this phase of Act No. 671. Section 4 stipulates that “the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder shall be in full force and effect until the Congress of the Philippines shall otherwise provide.” The silence of the law regarding the repeal of the authority itself, in the face of the express provision for the repeal of the rules and regulations issued in pursuance of it, a clear manifestation of the belief held by the National Assembly that there was no necessity to provide for the former. It would be strange if having no idea about the time the Emergency Powers Act was to be effective the National Assemble failed to make a provision for this termination in the same way that it did for the termination of the effects and incidents of the delegation. There would be no point in repealing or annulling the rules and regulations promulgated under a law if the law itself was to remain in force, since, in that case, the President could not only make new rules and regulations but he could restore the ones already annulled by the legislature.
Food cravings: Sushi, sushi, sushi. And Flips chocolate covered pretzels. I tried the peanut butter ones, and they’re equally delicious. Hence why I probably gained 2 lbs. in a week!
Invert the cone-shaped wedge and set it, pointy side down, flat side up, in the crater, and gently press it into place (if needed). Using a chef's knife, trim the sides of the cake to the original shape (in the event reconstructing the cake has made bits stick out, you can trim it a little to make it round again).
For the border, police and military are being told t expect great civil unrest when the U.S. dollar collapses, since the peso’s worth is based on the dollar. A new financial system and re-evaluation of the dollar is expected to take 1-2 weeks to go into effect after the mass arrests and restructuring of financial and political infrastructure occurs. The border closure is expected to last at least 72 hours but no longer than one week.
I can understand why the general public have come to this view, without the benefit of seeing the full story. It is not beyond belief. Peoples opinions are often formed on information much less than is being presented here. But, if I form an opinion about somebody, I cannot report this, as fact, to the wider populace. If I printed a picture of somebody on my blog (where it will be seen by many fewer people than will see the back of the Mirror) under the word Murderer based on an opinion without the basis of fact, that person would quite rightly haul my backside through the courts.
Everyone in my group – somewhat reluctantly – then made our way to our third room, where we found “Mrs. Fig”: a little old lady who sat in bed, talked about cats (specifically Smokey, the distillery cat), and collected keys on red ribbons, which had at some point been given to members of our group in previous rooms. I don’t recall exactly what the keys were all about, but the character of Mrs. Fig and Smokey the Cat definitely added to the surreal, Dickensian feel of the evening.
Come down and say "I never thought I'd ever buy Stalin a beer" as you push a glass into my hand. Though drinking it would be out of character, Stalin being a vodka man. Damn..
South Block, Raisina Hill
Not only that, the song FADES IN! Can you imagine what that must have sounded like hearing it for the first time?
Just click on the image and in the download you will find, a digi stamp image for you to colour as you wish, and also the coloured version in both jpg and png.
We should also pray that their executioners may come to repentance.
Aftertaste (0-3): Leaves a subtle lingering bitterness at the back of the throat. 3 points
Our courageous faculty leader, Brandi Minchillo (@MrsMinchillo) reminded me of my role as a participant, gently pointing out to both our Assistant Principal, Ilanit Cury-Hoory (@hoory1) and me that we are allowed to share. I smiled, grateful for the reminder that at times the silence of a leader is welcome and at other times it can be distancing. I jumped into the conversation as an equal, not as a supervisor, in the process gaining understanding into how I can view classrooms more reflectively along with more thoughtful ways I can phrase and communicate what I notice and wonder about on my walkthroughs.
Jack-"Kate said that we were leaving."
Twenty-four people have been linked to the scandal: 12 from the Secret Service and 12 from the military.
Or being hated, don't give way to hating,
These questions and more will surface as you read Chris Fabry’s book “Not In The Heart.” It is difficult to read Fabry’s book without facing your own beliefs. It’s easy to be frustrated with Truman. He’s an addict who can’t control his addiction. He gambles away his life savings and continually puts his addiction ahead of his family’s needs even in the midst of pending tragedy.
forgotten about it. He snatched it from Luis.
I told the Dr. that the cramping had started yesterday along with heavier bleeding. But there was still concern because I was still not even really needing a pad. I expected this to feel like a heavy period, but so far it is completely different. He suggested we do an ultrasound to confirm that the pregnancy was not ectopic. I have to admit, part of me still had a little hope. Hope that all this was wrong, hope that I would see a tiny baby in there with a little flickering heartbeat. We would be the miracle case, it could happen.
Sunday was Mike's sister's birthday. We went to the mall to do some birthday shopping for my sisters and for his sister before heading to his parents' house to have dinner and birthday cake for his sister. I had a ton of luck and got great deals for Jenn. I'll share the deals after her birthday (4/7) so I don't spoil any surprises.
I had another only in Paris moment last night—I, um, also went to Starbucks. This was my first visit to a Starbucks in probably seven or eight months and the only reason I went is because we had a meeting for work—a Sunday evening meeting before the madness of this week began. Just like New York, Starbucks are everywhere in Paris and they’re a convenient and logical meeting place. Except this one had twenty-foot ceilings and crystal chandeliers. Probably faux-crystal, but still, it was funny to be sucking on a raspberry frappaccino in such grandeur.
As for the original question, how many pairs of shoes does a man need? I don’t know. While I see no need to give Imelda Marcos a run for her money, in my case I feel a need just a few more pairs. Having developed a decent collection in black and brown I feel ready now to broaden my colour palette.
General election
One exciting thing did happen to me today. I found three stray kittens hanging around in my driveway with their mother. The mother is a cat that has been periodically sitting under the car. I took pictures because they were so cute, but I don’t think the pictures do them justice. I kind of wished I could adopt them as pets, but I can’t have pets. Also, perhaps the mother would prefer not to be a pet because she’s used to being a stray. I’m not taking her kittens from her. I wonder if I’ll be seeing them around.
It is not a matter of ripping your company off and doing it on purpose. It is about being conscious of how you are spending your time. So how do you get this time back? We will talk about that in the next blog! Until then, have a good day!
- Coach Scott announced Kyrie was going to be starting earlier in the afternoon, and I was excited to hear that, as this was really the impetus for wanting to go and see his first game as a Cavalier. Defensively, he looked up to the task and his quick hands almost cost Jose Calderon of the Raptors a couple turnovers. He had only one turnover, which is great for your first NBA game. Now, shooting-wise, he couldn't buy a basket, but he didn't look afraid of shooting the ball, and I think that confidence will help him as the season goes on.
I never had a problem with my hospital appointments and she constantly took work off me so that I did not overdo myself.
Don’t forget to click on the images for a more stimulating view.
Clarins Colour Quench Lip Balm ($24.99)
But his coach Steve Dintaman wasn’t giving up on him. He was inspired to help Dan and to help others in need of blood donations.
But man oh man, if this does catch on, I can't wait to see the trading cards.
Hope to do several challenges again this year.
No matter if he is busy with his own Mask Orchestra or co-operates with various European radio big bands – Colin Towns stands out from the run-of-the-mill arranging trade.
Italian Seasoning
Why? Because of the gorgeous girl to the left. MEHEHE. Muah don’t judge. Kidding!! At dahil birthday mo… <U+263A> *sound effects*
Fuelled by his invulnerability, Dizaei’s ego was legendary among the rank-and-file.
Remember that earlier we quoted Romans 6:14. “We are not under the law but under grace.” Saul was water baptised to wash away his sins under the law but after the dispensation of the grace of God was made known there is a new baptism as pointed out in 1 Corinthians 12:13.
Now I have this incredible autumnal looking yarn to work with. I left half of the yarn undyed so I could make something that was striped. I’m thinking maybe a striped Oatmeal? I don’t know, any knitters have any pattern/design suggestions?
Days I exercised: 2
But the regime's own actions disprove the charge of sectarianism. Its suppression of the opposition is totally indiscriminate; witness the horrific torture, murder and mutilation of Hamza Al Khateeb (picture above). The regime has killed at least 1,500 since the ‘Days of Rage’ in February, and in the last days of July, maybe thousands more. Promises of ‘new era’ democratic reforms, the lifting the state of emergency imposed in 1963, and planned negotiations, are just ruses to confuse and divide the opposition. These all failed as the demand of the opposition to ‘end the regime’ became more popular. But how to 'end the regime' is less straightforward. Meeting in Turkey on July 17 the external opposition couldn't agree on whether to form a alternative government or wait to see how the uprising went. But they all agreed that it was necessary to use 'civil disobedience' to achieve 'democracy'. Just what 'civil disobedience' means when innocent children are shot in the streets was not made clear.
I don’t remember being particularly nervous or excited as we drove to the courthouse (maybe my stuffed-up nose and ears prevented that), but when we pulled up and tumbled out onto the courthouse steps on that sunny morning, my heart began to flutter a bit.
Quite aside from the weird presumption of wishing to clarify in the Viennese court a circa 1500-year-old Arabic bedroom tale — such a verdict (and the law on which is its based) is more suited to Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, or Iran than an allegedly liberal and secular constitutional state. To be convicted for quoting analogously what is an article of faith in a great part of the Islamic world, seems more like the verdict of a sharia court than a verdict “in the name of the Republic.”
We run to be fearless and confident.
After, the First Lady flew to Des Moines, Iowa, to meet with Obama for America campaign staff at Windsor Heights Community and Events Center, where she spoke to about 400 people. She urged the invitation-only audience to stay focused and "fired up" because it could be a very tight race.
My wife and I went to Norrie Point for lunch on Friday when she pointed out a few gulls on the Hudson River. Figuring they were the common ring-billed variety, I ate my sandwich.
There were several high points of our trip. The first was the airport in Delhi, India. The restrooms were clean. In a third world country developing nation, most restrooms are on the shady side of filling station clean, so this was a very pleasant change. There was also a myriad of fast food and other things to eat and buy. We got McDonald's! The International Man of Intrigue had a Chicken Maharaja Mac and I had a spicy veggie burger that was delicious. The Little Explorers were content with chicken nuggets, fries, and a Sprite to share. All that, and still time to catch our flight to Dhaka.
Jesus was a living snapshot of the kingdom of God…a kingdom that is about much more than just not sinning. Jesus told us that to be great in the kingdom, we must become servants. He told us to let our light shine so that people will see our good works and glorify our Father in heaven. And He showed us through the cross that ultimate power is demonstrated not by domination but by restraint. God knew that our way of thinking about lots of things—money, sin, success, power, relationships—would need to be turned upside down in order to embrace life in His kingdom. Our actions reflect our changed thinking—we live a new way in light of the reality that a new kingdom is at hand.
Forever I’ll sing that
Earlier I used to drop into defensive stance as soon as he uttered a whiff of objection to anything I was doing, and from there we’d go at it.
This is love. This is peace. This is where I come when I am lost so that I can be found. This is why I come back to my yoga mat time and time again. Come dance with me.
The food isn't bad, but it still needs some tweaks. They capitalize on a wood-burning oven for flatbread pizzas that often have a Middle Eastern bent. I had a sujuk pizza that had tons of flavor, but it was greasy and soggy in the middle, and the fresh arugula on top should have been picked through for yellow leaves. The menu's a little weird, too: on weekends they serve breakfast until 3, which is awesome, but you can't get anything off the lunch/dinner menu (say for example, a salad) other than pizza until after 3. It's kind of a bummer to sit in the sunny courtyard, and not be able to enjoy a fresh, light lunch. (UPDATE: The kind folks at Atwater Crossing itself commented below to note that lunch is in fact served before 3 now. Awesome!)
2 friend
After going back and forth in my mind for a bit, it hit me that, if I were truly trapped underground, there are few things that would make me feel better, and many of the things that I value now would seem banal at best. I would be separated from my family for several months, not feeling the sun or rain on my face, in fact not feeling the weather at all.
His face went pale with fear as she opened her eyes and turned towards him.
DAMIEN: Do you have the picture?
I had no power to “choose You”…because I was dead. But by Your grace and Your mercy and Your active pursuit of me…You breathed life into me by Your Spirit, and moved upon me to choose You. To receive You. To surrender.
6) A friend admired an essay of mine and sent me to her agent. Not a good fit. One email was enough to show me this.
I'm not afraid of the murky water at all,
My friend from high school also had some of the same issues I was facing at home. My husband, who is a perfect overachiever, couldn’t deal with the fact that it was recommended that Jeremy go on medication. He positively Refused to even think the possibility and so this would create lots of tension. My determine was to find a solution, whatever that was. I was dealing with the teachers and with Jeremy every day, not just in the morning or at bed time. When I took Jeremy to school, the stress stopped for my husband, but not for me or his teachers. After speaking with numerous wives, I’ve discovered that the husbands don’t believe it, or Want to believe it. It appears that because men feel that they must be strong in every situation and must cope many obstacles in life, and that having a son that is facing problems is just too much to bear. Most of the dads of the boys with Sid are in denial at first. The wives tend to have to deal with finding out what the issues are all by themselves by researching, talking and finding solutions. Many of the husbands fight the wives to the end until the wife ultimately convinces her mate to “just speak with an expert”. In one case I know, the father uses the excuse, “he’s just like I was” so he assumes it is okay. Meanwhile, everyone along with his wife is going crazy having to deal with his child. My friend is of the mindset that if there Is help available, then she’s going to get it! In reality, many of these men are right, because the kid Is just like them… And if there would have been help for their own mothers way back when, then the moms more than likely would have taken it instead of suffering straight through it and of procedure it would have made everything easier on the child. They could have learned tactics that would have helped them carry on their actions, their bodies and their behavior.
I’m going to use them to make a small diamond design on my forehead to complete my Raven cosplay! It’ll be her red chakra thingie. (See past posts for more info about my cosplays!) For now, I have made a very sloppy diamond design on my hand with them, to make sure that they will stay and all.
I love life.... (something my mother always says :)
I even rang my son to see if he could shed some light...
Singing jingles all day, while sipping hot chocolate by the fire,
-blue poster tack
It is finally fall!
So he is a slacker and yet he kills a hard working family man? He most definitely should be charged with First Degree Murder. Entitlement is the word for many young employees today. Many of them feel like they can arrive for work when they want to, leave when they want to, take as many breaks as they want to and the boss better not correct them.
I’ve written about my bangstick before, so I won’t repeat myself today. The goal is to send the slug in a spot directly between the eyes and two to three inches behind and angled towards the brain for a humane kill. It must only be used when the gator is a few inches below the water and only when the gator is secured to a restraining line as described above.
Survive this week, manage to get a lot of my projects done at work, send tons of emails catching up on things, keep caught up on blogging, read more, edit more photos, and breathe!
1) Take down the entrenched, establishment Republicans and their betrayal of conservative values.
*A Silent Art Auction
God's blessings on you all and keep the comments coming. We read them every day.
Tracey Kunkel, an operating room nurse from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is also retired from the U.S. Navy after 21 years. A second-time volunteer, Tracey served as HOPE’s Operations Officer during Continuing Promise 2009. She is serving as HOPE Medical Director aboard the USS Iwo Jima and ashore in Costa Rica and Guatemala.
Today I've been to a Quilt Show. I found out about it from Arlene from one of the forums that I'm on. I decided to walk, and it took me 40 minutes to get there. I am glad to say I arrived on time at 10 am. The first person to greet me was Arlene. I also got a warm welcome from the Totley Brook Quilters. Great, there was a shop for me to buy some more books and some new fabrics. The ladies are also excellent cooks. So I have a lovely cup of tea and come cake. Yum Yum. Then there was the exhibition to look around. There were some lovely quilts. All different sizes and on display inside a church. As usual I had my camera ready to hand. And here are just some of the quilts that I saw.
I hate the thought of families breaking up, especially when there are children involved. These stories come out, deal after deal, pot after pot. And I'm fascinated. If there's anything to be thankful for after Black Friday, for me anyway, it's this live poker game. And these brief moments of human interaction, at its best...and sometimes at its worst.
In other words, once you redefine marriage as anything other than a lifetime bond, you create massive disincentives for couples to pursue the traditional arrangement. (Might this have been the feminist plan all along? Discuss amongst yourselves.)
13. My Whole World Is Falling Down
“Some of us were told, ‘You’re unfit to bring your own kind into this world. You’re uneducated, you’re on welfare. Your children are going to be on welfare too.’
And then she wrote it out for us. We will be welcoming a new baby......
Based in Little Rock, Arkansas, Tobi established her interior design firm more than a decade ago. In September of 2008, she launched her blog which helped catapult her career. Just one year later, Tobi was selected by Traditional Home Magazine as one of the Top 20 Young Designers in America.
Number and type of food/drink consumer: No imbibement occurred as T. was driving and I was intensely schooling. I had a wrap of some sort and he had a salad. He also told me about his current diet – a theme with men that I meet. If any of you have hypotheses as to why, please do tell…. I’m at a loss.
You know that sinking feeling that you've lost something that means a great deal? Yep - I was feeling sick, but knew it wasn't the end of the world. It was, apparently, to her. We decided to go through the aquarium and then I'd go to the lost and found or check back with the Imax people and see if it was on the floor next to her chair.
gina
Midnight sent the last of the emails hurtling into the ether and then it was time.
wandered down,
The ad, at least in my humble opinion, is perfect. It is all inclusive. Women are not relegated to the "girlfriend who is being ignored while her boyfriend plays Madden" as a recent Playstation 3 ad suggested, rather they are forces to be reckoned with. This is one of the first, if not the only game ad that acknowledges the existence of the "female gamer". Unfortunately, CoD: Black Ops only allows you to create male players, and many real female gamers like to play well, as females. At least this chick gamer does. But I guess I have to be satisfied with this baby step. Now if we could only stop the idiots from getting mental when they hear a female voice on the other end of the screen, we'd be making some progress. I swear, if I hear one more "how big are your tits" comment, I may take out my own squadron.
Drs. Buckman and Ling worked closely with Sandison in the Potwick unit. In 1963, Buckman and Ling wrote in a publication, describing “good examples” of the use of LSD in psycholytic psychotherapy: “The patients’ experiences under LSD have not supported Marx’s dictum that Religion is the opium of the people but rather that there is a deep basic belief in a Supreme Being, whether the religion background be Christian, Jewish or Hindu.”
Welcome to my wee photoblog on Glasgow, where we feature the joys and unjoys of walking and cycling through a fascinating, beautiful and often badly run city. For the blog's origin and a a list of all posts see the 'Introduction' post -
I am drifting through life and trying not to care.
3. An agitated blue jay is giving his imitation Red Tail Hawk call, but I don’t see the hawk. This jay is bobbing his head up and down, though. Must have a nest nearby?
I went to my second class with Osvaldo and Coca Cartery, Tango Lesson with Osvaldo and Coca. I like their teaching style, first you dance for a while to get warmed up and then they show you a very simple step to work on. This week they showed us a 5 quick beat forward collect back collect move. For the leader it goes like this: Right foot forward outside partner, Left foot forward collecting, Right foot back, Left foot back collect, Right foot forward outside partner again. This move is more frequently seen danced to milonga music, but it works quite nicely with Tangos also.
The very first thing you should do, is make sure that the established dog is at least somewhat agreeable to other dogs. If he tries to annihilate every dog he meets though, maybe getting him a canine playmate is not such a good idea.
Jack (6 years 9 months): Jack intended no disrespect for those who had cooked for him for nearly seven years when, starting on his second Yakitori pork shish kabob at the Missouri Botanical Gardens Fall Japanese Festival, he said, “This is the best food I ever ate!” (#282)
I don’t want it to be me, but you have made it so obvious that how could it not be me?
I played. I changed it. I went jazzy and zizzy and hated it. I tried to change it back, but couldn't. I tried plain, pink, blue, green and any other colour I could find, but I didn't like them. However, of course, being a coffee lover, I decided the obvious choice was coffee.
We thus arrive at a conception of the relation of science to religion very different from the usual one. When one views the matter historically, one is inclined to look upon science and religion as irreconcilable antagonists, and for a very obvious reason. The man who is thoroughly convinced of the universal operation of the law of causation cannot for a moment entertain the idea of a being who interferes in the course of events – provided, of course, that he takes the hypothesis of causality really seriously.
* FREE hands-on workshops designed for children ages 5 - 12 offered the 1st Saturday of every month at all The Home Depot stores between 9:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m.
We went and picked up the boys from the house, and then made the trip to Ted Peters. By this time it was around 1 or so, so all of us were STARVING. Now, I'm not a big fish person, and I blame that on living in Oklahoma all my life where all of the good fish is never fresh because it has to be shipped from a coast. Because of this, I called my grandma to ask her which fish I was to try. I also wanted to try their German potato salad because my mom has a really good recipe and I wanted to compare. AND on top of that I wanted to try their Manhattan clam chowder because I heart soup, and I knew that I needed to try as much stuff as possible because I have no idea when I'll return.
We must act:
Notwithstanding, Jenny then introduced the book and said that she had enjoyed it, that she saw that it was about anomie, but that there wasn't actually much of a story in that nothing much happened, so she didn't really have a lot to say about it, and that what she liked most of all were the footnotes (which is how the definitions appear in her later edition).
When Lincoln took the oath of office on March 4th, 1861, he was President of a divided nation. Seven states had already seceded from the Union, and formed the Confederate States of America. Although the Republican Party was against slavery, Lincoln was not for abolition at this time. In his inaugural address, he repeated his previous statements about his wish to only prevent the expansion of slavery to the new territories, and not to bother it in those places where it already existed. But he also promised he would defend the Constitution he was sworn to uphold, and that it was in the hands of the South, and not his, that the “momentous issue of civil war” existed. He would not start the war, unless the south started it first. But by the time of his second inaugural address four years later, he would have overseen the bloodiest conflict in American history.
Happy almsot hump day friends! See you tomorrow for WILW!
But also note the context. This speech is not designed to teach the soldiers anything new or profound. They have been training for years, learning the art of combat at home or in training camps. They aren’t getting a lesson in lancing today. Today they fight.
In 1971, Wilson dropped his C.I.A. connection and was a part of Task Force 157, a secret Navy intelligence unit that employed 50 to 75 agents to monitor and collect information on Soviet shipping. It reported not only on routine cargo items but also watched for the covert shipment of military goods and nuclear weapons. The unit also was charged with the responsibility of picking up intelligence operatives from Taiwan and secretly ferrying them inside mainland China, where they would implant sensitive seismic monitors and radio equipment. Those operations were stopped after President Richard M. Nixon’s visit to Peking in 1972, and C.I.A. officials were astonished to learn later that some of the sensitive equipment, designed solely for use inside China, was appearing for sale in the international arms market.
- Heuvos Rancheros
Pocahontas: Confession, it’s been awhile since I’ve seen this one and the details are blurry. But I do remember that Pocahontas is brave, that she saved John Smith’s life, and in the sequel saves her entire tribe from war with the British.
Other items that will need to be addressed during the month of May include:
The danger in ‘proof texting’ of course is that rather than presenting the Word in the way God intended, the preacher presents his own ideas instead of God’s truth. Rather than ‘rightly dividing the word’, he makes the scripture say what he wants it to.
and God is not using you the way you
A few weeks ago, I told you about a special project I have been working on relating to sustainable fishing. This week's giveaway is a great extension of this theme and the perfect way to keep the conversation about what we decide to put on our table going.For Cod and Country has to be one of the most mouth-watering cookbooks I've had the pleasures of reading through this year. Being in the food business, I spend a fair amount of my work hours and free time reading about new cookbooks. This one really is a gem. Chef Barton Seaver seems to exactly know the kind of food I want to be eating! Recipes like Trout and Autumn Squash with Roast Garlic and Pecans, Halibut with Ginger-Raisin Crust or Salmon Carpaccio with Grilled Lemon and Herbs are just a few of the recipes that first drew me to this book
Time slows in the moment of impact I recall years ago when I was rear ended at a stoplight. The car which burst into the back of my tiny turtle-like hatchback propelled my little shell clear across the intersection and even in that end of dusk light which filtered down through the tall shadows of the downtown skyscrapers–details rushed in through my eyes—as we slid, my head was thrown back with such force that my earring flew off and ricocheted off the back windshield and I know this because I watched it fly. I watched the stoplight, still red, as it inched in slow motion across my view, then I noticed the fibers of the grey ceiling above–each thread in impeccable detail from the front edge where the rubber seal of the windshield held the glass . . .back. . .back. . .back, what an expanse of a ceiling there is when your mind slows down to take in every thread, and, oh, look–there is a spot, a scuff mark–bike tire would it have been?
This Christmas holiday, I had three weeks of vacation from law school. When I started my Christmas vacation, I could not fathom having enough activities to keep me busy. I didn’t know what to do with myself! The first few mornings when I woke up, I kept having to tell myself, “It’s ok, there is nothing you need to be doing…just relax and enjoy!” Easier said than done. All in all, I think I did a pretty good job of just relaxing and enjoying :) When there was a lull in the excitement around my parent’s house, I seemed to resort to baking, and whipped up two cheesecakes, popcorn peanut butter balls, chocolate chip cookies, chocolate covered strawberries, French onion soup, turkey meatballs with cranberry dipping sauce, and sautéed potatoes during my stay. Needless to say my parents aren’t looking forward to me leaving any time soon!
Mayall: And it’s so fucking English. You guys love the English so much over here, that I think there’s some kind of connection.
ISBN-10: 1451617054
My girls would love a new baby. Immy told her creche carers that Mummy was having a baby, and it is a boy. They believed her and asked me how the pregnancy was going.
Before Sam decided to join , she explained that Pedya Kamp have been encouraging volunteers and giving summer camps since 1991. Spearheaded by a group of doctors from Makati Medical Center, they have travelled to other parts of the country and even to the US as well to give and share the joys , of having not just a memorable summer but “of turning moments into memories, ” as well . Her instructor, who had been a volunteer since its first year had found it fulfilling and wanted to share that experience with my daughter.
Like a revolutionary
The other thing Belisarius was good at was having a sense of diplomatic and personal integrity (which weirdly foreshadows the best of kinghtly chivalrous behavior – to be redundant – in the Middle Ages), and having concrete, long-term goals that showed he was thinking beyond a thirty-minute horizon (something we’ve lost in the 21st century, where short-term gain ALWAYS wins out over long-term prosperity).
The claims for his second four-year term from 2004 are likely to dent his self-styled ‘man of the people’ image, revealing extravagance closer to the lifestyle of a jet-setting executive.
In the second part of Chapter Seven, Romney discusses in-depth his plan to force-down medical costs, something that he notes was beyond the scope of the Mass plan. Romney describes some popular proposals – electronic records, on-line reporting re: prices and quality (so-called transparency), and malpractice reform – but concludes that they are not enough. Real change will require bringing the free-market to health care. Currently, health care has a multitude of incentives for over-treatment or over-use (he refers to the New Yorker article comparing costs and treatment in El Paso vs. McAllen), and Romney wants to see incentives (such as co-pays and deductibles) that discourage unnecessary visits and treatments. (Incidentally, this is why ObamaCare is trying to tax Cadillac plans to death, but labor unions deferred the tax until 2018.) Romney wants to shift toward consumer, doctor, and hospital incentives, such as paying doctors for the quality of their work instead of the quantity of their work. Romney is not hopeful re: managed care (HMOs) because top-down controls don’t work like bottom-up incentives.
Next was Gilly with a lovely card, just the splash of turquoise on the browns made this into a stunner! Go and see here - isn't it great? Another wry smile here - Gilly had to take her photo in the kitchen (the tiles were a perfect backdrop in fact!). It made me think that I bet we get up to all sorts of antics trying to find decent light for photographing cards at this time of year! Ooer, also, there was a teensy sneak peek of Gilly's wedding invitations on WOYWW - I'm watching for the full show of them and will link into the roll call once all is revealed :)
Enjoy a concluding now traditional Thursday evening renga party last event together, concluding with Friday morning's scrumptious final breakfast, and then being whisked away to the station by friendly staff if you need transport to the nearby train station.
Every person chooses the way of being with horses that works for them. And, to be honest, a good horseperson is a good horseperson and can be found in traditional, BHS, Classical, Natural, english, eventing, hacking, dressage — you get the point.
Most of my jobs have had to do with writing, though. Shame inspired me.
Peel the potatoes and parsnips. Place in a large pot and add enough cold water to cover completely. Cover with the lid and place on the back burner out of the way.
Well, I'm mostly finished. The layout plan I chose (with my husband's help, since this quilt is going to be for our living room) emphasizes the secondary patterns using different colors, so I'm a quarter-yard short for the red and orange.
I’ve got a bit more on character development I would like to discuss, this comes from both my reading for Short Fiction Class and my personal experience as a writer and a reader. Characters, the most beloved of all our writing tools, they require a lot of work. They also require a lot of thought.
If in fact,
If you are interested in joining our group, be sure to contact me and I'll hook you up.
The following heartbreaking video report was broadcast last week, and has been subtitled into English by the Mom in Israel blogger. I highly suggest you find the time to watch it.
When that package hits the front porch tomorrow, I'll need to be in the frame of mind to dive in, assess what and where to add or subtract with my advisor's guidance, limited as I'm afraid it might be. And I knew that, when I sent it off, given her increasingly frazzled notes in the last two months. So I took the last days of the previous week and the weekend to leave the draft completely, to prepare myself: laundry, yard cleanup. I can't edit well when I'm surrounded by clutter.
Spence Campbell (REP) 1.69% 89
7. The war on drugs has been waged primarily in communities of color where people of color are more likely to receive higher offenses.According to the Human Rights Watch, people of color are no more likely to use or sell illegal drugs than whites, but they have higher rate of arrests. African Americans comprise 14 percent of regular drug users but are 37 percent of those arrested for drug offenses. From 1980 to 2007 about one in three of the 25.4 million adults arrested for drugs was African American.
At a news conference Wednesday, current and former Turner Industries workers showed examples of harassment.
I play with this Kaleidoscope moving around to find,
4) I took the pizza out of the oven when I smelled the crust burning. I know, you think this is very obvious. But I am the type of cook who used to think, “It says 20 minutes, it’s only been 10, it can’t be burning.” I would ignore the smell, even to some extent the smoke, until it was unsalvageable. This time I checked it, saw the one on the bottom was cooking too fast, took it out & finished cooking the pizzas on the top rack, one at a time. When I said at the outset this cooking thing did not come naturally to me, I was really, really not kidding.
of the bad stuff
1 frosted
That last word (in case you’re interested) is out.
You think this alarmist, even hysterical? Come with me now on my magic internet carpet to the United States of America.
Follow me On FACEBOOK!
Preheat oven to 350F. Line an 8- or 9-inch square baking pan with aluminum foil and lightly grease.
I searched through my photo folders looking for suitable seasonal images of snow, tinsel or holly, but in the end the best image I could find was one my daughter Meg made as a Christmas card for us.
The Score
He was a very troubled man.
Recept: ...And I told you, Hu's just outside the door, Sir!
Husband: Gerald Cline (m. 1953, div. 1957)
P-Maybe Washington Phillips. Unfortunitly he is dead now, but he was an amazing folk/ blues musician.
Met Manoj and he seems young and vibrant; he is waiting for the chef to come on shift before he leaves the guy in there alone: I can work unsupervised, definitely. He has a subtle Irish accent, but I guess he is Indian. Good first impression.
Episode 8:
It’s no wonder that in 2011, a successful ballot initiative calling for the removal of red light cameras in Houston won its strongest support in minority neighborhoods. Nor is it surprising that the NAACP of Cincinnati, recognizing a proposal for red light cameras as an attempt to balance the city’s “$28 million deficit on our backs,” led a petition drive and forced a referendum that banned them in 2009.
Obama was six months out of Columbia when Genevieve Cook came along and engaged him in the deepest romantic relationship of his young life. She called him Bahr-ruck, with the accent on the first syllable, and a trill of the r’s. Not Bear-ick, as the Anglophile Kenyans pronounced it, and not Buh-rock, as he would later be called, but Bahr-ruck. She said that is how he pronounced it himself, at least when talking to her. He was living on the Upper West Side and working in Midtown, at a job that paid the rent but did not inspire him. He was still in a cocoon phase, wondering about his place, keeping mostly to himself, occasionally hanging out with his Pakistani friends, who partied too much and too hard, he thought, but were warm and generous and buoyant intellectual company.
But on June 9, 2011, Camping, age 89 at the time, suffered a stroke which affected his verbal communication.
Now these are probably not that spicy, but my palate tends to favor the more mild end of the spectrum. So for normal humans, these are probably just the right taste of spice to a sandwich. For me, and the manchild, probably not.
Actually, this April 15, 1912, headline was based on preliminary news and was in error. The final tally shows that 1,513 lives were lost in the sinking of the Titanic, and there were only 711 survivors.
I often wondered if animals felt the tug and pull of energy flowing from pole to pole of our tilting globe, while the restless human focuses on the toils of his man-made environment?
The 2012 Opening Day Fantasy Squad cards are ok in my book. The fact that it's a Michael Young card is even better. I had Michael on a couple of my fantasy teams last year and it paid off. He provided good value for his draft position. Blah, blah, blah.
Sepia Saturday has gone back to using images as theme prompts rather than words and it is a change I welcome. I am always more comfortable with images rather than words : for some reason I find it easier to skim visual ideas off the surface of my consciousness rather than solid words which seem to sink to the depths. This is why I am not a poet. This is why I am attracted to blogging. Blogging allows you to stitch images together with a fine thread of words. So my thoughts skim off the theme image of a miniature train and come to land in Weston-Super-Mare in Somerset. It is a classic sepia snap taken by my Uncle Frank back in the 1930s. In his Frankish way he has titled the photograph "The Devonian Express coming into Weston Station".
We’re on the journey towards our yearly
10. If it’s a nice day, you can go outside to take a walk without asking anybody’s permission
Pain –Males, imagine the worst charlie horse you’ve ever had. Remember that feeling, good. Now place that feeling on the inside of your body. A place where you are unable to reach, to massage, to alleviate the pain. Now on top of that, put a little devil poking that charlie horse with his trident. Yea, that’s right, welcome to a women’s period.
I met with some people, saw some places and none of it was right – my gut was totally not into the whole plan as much as every other part of my body was screaming at it to get into it.
This page is intended to list the questions which very often drift to the attention of ‘the duty inspector’ on local police areas. It contains links to guidance and other blog posts which might help to resolve frequently asked questions and queries.
A steady stream of commands, directions and questions comes from Colonel Yates. Where is the notary? The stenographer? He questions Lucy about the arrangement of the furnishings in the room, making adjustments as she points them out. He orders everyone to their positions. He turns to Lucy and asks if she is ready. Yes, she says, but how can going through that night again bring a guilty person to justice? All will be clear in good time, he assures her. And he reminds her, after she has said good night, not to linger but to go directly to the room where the bat-woman waits for her.
Sift together the flour, baking powder, and salt, and set aside.
We went into DC for the Rally to Restore Sanity. It was a mess. Such a mess that we decided to pass on the mayhem and wander down the street a ways to Good Stuff Eatery, which we had heard very good stuff about. The line was pretty much what we expected and we did wait for a while before we got our food (at least we could watch the rally on TV). We each got cheeseburgers, fries, and marshmallow shakes. We agreed that the burgers were good, but not anything extraordinary. I'd rather have Five Guys or Abbey.
Whilst reading, I came across a little snippet that made me grin. The essay is about the relationship between humans and other animals, and the particular issue being focused on in the book I was reading was the way in which, in Western society, we’re fine with eating pigs and cows and chickens that are basically raised in boxes and forced to live short, miserable and unnatural lives, whilst we pamper and spoil our house pets and would be shocked and appalled if anyone suggested cooking up Fido/Cap’n Whiskers (definitely want a cat with that name, now) in a casserole. Pearls of wisdom from James Serpell (1996; 18-19):
If there is something that you feel I wrote in error, PLEASE let me know in the comments section. Also, if there’s a Nicaraguan dish that you know of that I haven’t listed, feel free to let me know. I’ll then seek it out, eat it, photograph it and write about it.
Something DID happen in the last scene, however. In this final stalking showdown between Crazy Ricky Claus and Evil M.S. in a darkened house as M.S. wheels around, yelling put-downs and nasty taunts at her executioner boy, we notice something happening. Hey... director Harry must have confabbed with cinematographer Harvey Genkins to give the scene a look that was darker, tighter, more ominous and more like a Mad Slasher movie than any other scene in this movie which is SUPPOSED to be a sequel to Silent Night Deadly Night! Yeah, you remember; a movie about a killer dressed up as Santa Claus?? NOT some crazy, over-acting guy who shoots more people than he Mad Slashers. In fact, this is the ONLY scene which actually has anything that anyone who saw the first SNDN would appreciate.
SINK
Arletty Désiré
3) My favorite food is oh gosh. Well, I Dream of Weenie in Nashville has some pretty fabulous hot dogs. Weird favorite food? Yeah, the other one is sweet potatoes. So...
Wishing everyone a wonderful year ahead and may you be blessed with the company of your loved ones and lots of crafty moments!
I had to be very careful around my children for a long time. I don't know how many times a day that I would go and lock myself in my bathroom and cry. I didn't wank my boys to see me crying all of the time. There were many times that I just couldn't hold it back, and they still would see me crying. Doing the dishes, laundry, driving in the car, etc.
pulling nettles from your grave.
Review: In The Big Thicket On the Trail of the Wild Man: Exploring Nature’s Mysterious Dimension, by Rob Riggs. (New York, Paraview Press, 2001, 185 pp. $13.95. ISBN #-1-931044-26-0)
Jesus’ Spirit with us causes transformation.
I have to confess that this is a series I haven't yet tackled, but have always intended to. With sight of this new cover, the Alex Rider series is firmly on my radar and I plan to snap them all up on the release of Scorpia Rising.
This is what is meant by “separation of church and state.” By the same token, I think it is entirely inappropriate for a religion to attempt to push the state to promulgate secular laws that force every citizen to follow the dictates of one particular religion. That’s not just about marriage and abortion and other sexual matters, it’s also about, for example, our drug laws, which only make sense in the context of religious prohibition. There’s no logical reason for them. But, again, I digress. I want to stay on the same-sex marriage track.
If you'll pardon the pun . . .
Of course I don't want to give the marketing department or Captain Smith a hard time. It's easy to speak of these things now...because we know the end of the story. My point is just to make a point: sometimes we need to stop being stubborn. We need to stop marketing a parenting project—or at least point out it's flaws. We also need to stop seeking praise for our efforts, when we really need to pay attention to the warning signs. We also need to keep our minds and hearts open for any important messages that are trying to come through.
Kirsten Dunst reaches a turning point in her career with Melancholia. Her performance is unlike anything she has delivered before and as one of the main characters, she carries the film masterfully. Dunst plays Justine, the sister getting married at the start of the film. Quite the wild child compared to her sister, Claire (Charlotte Gainsbourg), Justine lives in her own world and battles her depression even on what should be her happiest day. Dunst holds nothing back in her role and it shows, even enough to get her the Best Actress Award at the Cannes Film Festival. She transforms herself from the lovable, uber-sexy bride to the deeply depressed and deeply disturbed sister that cannot eat, but spews hate towards her lovingly naive sister. It is this performance that should launch her career in new and bright futures, depending on where she decides to take off next.
Cop: 'He's got the fucking Pope as a chauffeur!'
Every day in the news, there is another article about some kind of animal mother someone is claiming to be: a dolphin, a sloth, a panda... all thanks to the original self-titled "tiger mother" Amy Chua, who got all this craziness started a few months ago.
Let me tell you about the differences between Spanish and American cinemas.
To be honest, I had an amazing summer, but I am so excited to be back at school. It's nice to be in the classroom with my students, to see those wide eyes as I explain some new grammar rule or the spelling of 'ancient'. Yes the noise of the summer breeze blowing while reading in my hammock is nice, but so is the noise of laughter from school children right outside your door.
I had a taped showing of The Special Relationship on the DVR for a couple of months before I had to delete it. I happened upon the flick when I was flipping through the channels. At first, I thought that the movie was about the relationship that landed Bill Clinton in hot water during the latter part of his second term. I forgot that the movie is about the relationship between Clinton and Prime Minister Tony Blair. Yeah! (Branden says sarcastically.)
To disobey God for fear of losing career, reputation or respect is surely to make idols of these things. We cannot say that in our hearts we worship God if our actions betray that we don't. Could we imagine Daniel, Shadrach or Jesus himself bottling out at the last moment on the grounds that the cost of obedience to God was too high?
A seer, a seal, a seer
Nevertheless, it isn’t possible to conclude that these BATA arguments are without any prospect of success. As I remarked at the outset, it seems to me that BATA’s case is quite a reasonable one (legally as opposed to morally), although on balance I still expect that it will more than likely fail.
The shiny object in question was likely a fist-sized batch of crack cocaine wrapped in aluminum foil, according to a final report released Thursday. And Marin was justified in using lethal force, Miami-Dade prosecutors concluded in the first detailed account of the first of seven controversial fatal shootings in seven months in Miami.
So, this Easter, I wish all of you a day of light and dreams for the future, and knowing what seeds you want to plant in your lives as well as your gardens. Happy Easter everyone, and I hope the Easter bunny did get you a book or a treat, too!
As it's a daily exfoliator, it's very gentle on the skin. There's no beads in it, and the texture actually looks like a serum. I didn't use it for a long time enough to say if it gets rid of fine lines and wrinkles. I didn't even experienced irritation, which is amazing in my case as I have to be very careful with scrubs and only use them once a week.
where you can speak and be heard,
The Blaze Boom Bike Band – a unique new mobile bike-based sound system and accompanying street performance band. Blaze is a youth led creative project for Lancashire, Blackpool and the Fylde Coast that is part of WE PLAY, The North West cultural legacy programme for London 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games. The Boom Bike was created by artist Dan Fox, and commissioned by Blaze young producers in 2010. The Boom Bike Band is made up of talented young musicians working with More Music, based in Morecambe.
Nick: “I did, tacos.”
Preheat oven to 400.
WINGED ANT
Real milk, real butter and lots of canning lids. It was a good day. ;-)
Things I Love About Summer:
A few days ago I read a most inspiring post from my fellow blogger Kathy Plashley, I hope you’ll take the time to read her post at the above link. Her post reminded me of how when you follow God’s path he truly does work in such amazing ways.
That is what is so important.
On the other hand, given that the welfare state in Britain and similar welfare arrangements Europe are among of the primary incentives for mass inward migration and that it is primarily amongst immigrant families in receipt of welfare and child benefits that a significant growth in birth rates has been seen, far from counterbalancing that damaging effect of other policies, this has, if anything, in fact added to the damage done to the native European people.
I smile at this. Of course the bed always makes getting up extraordinarily difficult and I burrow deeper into its depths.
My daughter is one of the middle children, being in between 2 boys who absolutely hate anything "girly"! Anyway, this was fun for her and I. Initially I wanted to find paper dolls online and cut it with my Cricut but I found out quickly that my Cricut doesn't like to cut felt without special preparation or at least higher quality wool felt. The stuff that I have is NOT of the highest quality so we resorted to the old way of doing things....ya know, with scissors. *GASP* Who does THAT anymore?
Chief Executive Officer
I also CAN'T STOP reading, buying, and checking out dystopian themed books (Hunger Games, Delirium, Unwinds, etc-google or good reads dystopian and you will get TONS of good recommendations if you are into that!). My Good Reads page is ridic! recently I have purchased Pandemonium (the second book to Delirium) and Crossed (the second book to Matched). I've also gotten on a major library kick with the dystopian teen fiction, so I'm using all of nap time to READ instead of clean or prep for dinner. Yikes.If you want some book titles or recommendations, let me know. Girlfriend is a reading hooker.
The whereas clauses give the background and rationale for the agreement . They should be worded carefully to clarify the terms and conditions for people from either party who were not involved in making the agreement but who are asked later to settle conflicts between the parties. Clarity is also important in the event legal action is taken by one party against the other. In a court of law the judge may look to the whereas clauses to improve his understanding of clauses that may be difficult to interpret. Whereas clauses contain such things as licensor and licensee representation and background of the agreement.
Love is a preexisting condition.
The second key idea I found in The Hunger Games is the question of meaning. The powers-that-be in the movie are not pleased with how the game ends. They insist it must be spun as a romantic story, because it causes less damage to see it that way than to see it as an act of rebellion.
I’ve come to take you home.
A week or two on a holiday with only your best friend is something you must experience (multiple times if possible) in your lifetime. No parents, no work, no responsibilities. Just you and your friend, taking an adventure or relaxation in a foreign country. Ideally you want to go for 2-3 months, and backpack through multiple cities and countries, but even a week or two in a beach location is fantastic.
These workers also had a bit more disposable income and were increasingly adventurous. In response to this, the cha chaan tengs gave them the chance to try exciting new dishes, incorporating different western influences into their menus. Dishes like spam sandwiches and spaghetti were served to please more adventurous eaters.
The Committee, which will have Chief Secretary and state DGP as members, is supposed to become operational “within an hour” of the release of Menon, according to the agreement.
Meanwhile, Sarawak DAP secretary Chong Chieng Jen has asked its members to turn out in full force for the sit-in rally.
on your website FREE!
Today my Dt card is image from Paper Pretties Store called "Pasha Panda" thanks for letting me use the image.
not only about 'selling a lot' ! lol
You can't remember anyone's name any more.
Cheese: Camembert Tremblaye: shhhh, a thermalized Camembert from France.
“The 5 A* -C measure is quite a crude one with which to judge schools that are already taking the top 20-30% of children.
Not many independent reports come out of Yemen, and this was a chance to see a deeper, more human side to a place at the heart of so much turmoil.
These Badger ciders are contract made by Thatcher’s. I don’t know whether they are “real” in the bearded sense of the word. I tried to find out using Google but the technicalities of the definition put me into a boredom induced coma. Read it for yourself and decide here, then tell me. Whether “real” or not in the bearded sense of the word they are real in the philosophical sense in so far that they tangibly exist. They are also products of authenticity and tradition being as I’ve said before actually made from apples and pears. So will I like ‘em?
We talked and watched tv for a couple of hours, and then he left.
built of styrofoam and blue rubber gloves.
Make that reams and reams of paper.
-Even for those getting their news online, online cable TV news sites (CNN, Fox, MSNBC) are visited consistently higher than the entire aggregation of local newspaper sites, which also suggests that people’s understanding of local issues, arguably more important in people’s day-to-day lives than national issues, is declining rapidly.
Here's the thing. I am by no means an authority on everything. I've only made it 30 years in this world so far. But, I have been through some things. Some awful things. And for every single one of those 30 years, Jesus has been with me. He officially took up residence in my heart when I was eight years old. He was with me through everything. Even when I pushed away. He was there when I was hurt, when I was in pain, when I was the one doing the offending. So, I can say with authority that forgiveness benefits you, yourself, first and foremost, and then it benefits the offender.
People if you are not sure your partner likes you enough without the use of others as a tool to test their desire of you, or if you feel the only way you can keep your partner around is by doing stupid shit like flirting with other people in front of them constantly, then you need help and definitely need to stay out of LTR’s!
Perfection is actually out of our reach. But if we aspire to it, we will reach excellence on the way.
Before my friend and I made the 3.5 hour drive back to Brandeis, we stopped into a crepe place called The Skinny Pancake for brunch. Normally, crepes aren’t vegan because they have eggs and milk in the batter; however, this place offered a vegan shell. I’ve only ever been to one other crepe joint in St. Louis, Missouri that offered a vegan shell–Roosters downtown at Locust and 11th. The one at Roosters was to die for, but unfortunately, the one at The Skinny Pancake didn’t live up to my expectations.
1) With the warm dry winter, French broom is already in full bloom along Route 13 in the East Bay area - but completely absent from Redwood Preserve, as far as I can tell, due to a concerted effort by volunteers over the past few years. Good job! A few years it looked like it had completely taken over.
Whilst the British National Party relies on donations from the public and members, Hope Not Hate is funded by large companies such as Mirror Group, with additional funding from Trade Unions, using your contributions.
I used a butterfly shape as a mask and painted around it with a paint dabber. Then I used my Martha Stewart butterfly punch to create a flutter of flies, and added some pearls that I colored with my Copics. I also added a "hello" tag and a stickpin that I made using a corsage pin and some beautiful beads.
Saturday editing this lovely morn in May
The happy lil' goat
The flush of endorphins.
With us the works done for you…all you have to do is well…show up!!
I have known my friend, N, for no less than 9 years I think. We went to the same college in Cupertino, we go to the same church, we hung out and laughed together, we stayed up late together, usually it's me making a cake, and her helping me making little fondant figurines, we get very excited over food, and many many more. She is the type of person who can bright up your day instantly, she's always full of smile in any circumstances, always willing to help, very kind-hearted, there is no single negative thing I can think of when I think of her.
My favorite is the butterfly. That means "fluttering around the room". I don't think Anna has ever received the butterfly (in the beginning of the school year, she came home with a turtle every day for weeks!) And as the year has progressed, we see more and more bees coming home.
What was the live act that impressed you most or deepest? Was there an initial gig, that made you decide: I want to do the same/different/better?
Let's hope humans can love them as much as cameras clearly do!
And the title: who says the Bible and suchlike goes out of date? These songs I'm listening to were taken off an old LP record from the 70's and the words are just as true today as they ever were:
-Rabindranath Tagore
"When we adults think of children, there is a simple truth which we ignore: childhood is not preparation for life; childhood is life. A child isn’t getting ready to live; a child is living. The child is constantly confronted with the nagging question, 'What are you going to be?' Courageous would be the youngster who, looking the adult squarely in the face, would say, 'I’m not going to be anything; I already am.' We adults would be shocked by such an insolent remark, for we have forgotten, if indeed we ever knew, that a child is an active participating and contributing member of society from the time he is born. Childhood isn’t a time when he is molded into a human who will then live life; he is a human who is living life. No child will miss the zest and joy of living unless these are denied him by adults who have convinced themselves that childhood is a period of preparation. How much heartache we would save ourselves if we would recognize the child as a partner with adults in the process of living, rather than always viewing him as an apprentice. How much we would teach each other… adults with the experience and children with the freshness. How full both our lives could be. A little child may not lead us, but at least we ought to discuss the trip with him, for after all, life is his and her journey too. – Professor T. Ripaldi, discovered via this blog post.
I found the bottom two adequate to my liking, then the next two not able to keep me from other distraction*read: not good enough*.
“A bag of 100 for $120 pesos,” she answered.
The ones I don't like in the least are 1986, 1991, 1992 and 1996. I think I've mentioned before that 1986 horrified me from the moment I saw it and prevented me from buying any of it. I know I've mentioned before that if Fisher Price were to make card sets, they would look like 1991 Donruss. And, of course, 1992 Donruss is vile and nauseating, and 1996 has the most ridiculous logo placement ever.
I love Jessica’s look because she has on a casual outfit but it looks very classy. By adding a clutch and some heels, this outfit now has WOW factor! Don’t ever settle for “just OK” when you can be fabulous! Never forget that YOU are what makes the clothes fabulous! Jessica looks comfortable, which is the key to a good look. If you look uncomfortable, everyone else can tell. Your body language gives you away.
2 Tablespoons sour cream
Dear Seasons Buffet at the Manila Pavilion,
TEL: 021-7279-5853
Here to stay is a new bird,
The world was getting divided in two. It was not the North-South divide, nor was it the East-West divide. It was the Digital-Analog divide – and the monolog of analog was starting to become inaudible under the increasing signal strength of the digital.
Here's the results from Random.org.
rapidshare
I have (on the twitter) posted links to interesting documents on Carbon Emissions, Climate Change and what might be done about it. Most recently:
The rules are simple:
When my parents gave up having any food garden, we were probably secretly glad not just to get out of weeding in a mosquito and bug-filled garden, but also not to have kohl rabi at the table.
But a sweet little friend made it for me many years ago and now he's home with Jesus.
So look around your create space, no matter the size or location I hope it brings you joy and inspires you!
1403 D-XI/18/2001. “Zeus and the Theban Tragedies.” Basic Program Staff Seminar, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
I think a lot of us have employed auto run for these moments. Sit back, let your character do the work while you eat a sandwich, it makes perfect sense–until you drop a tomato on your lap. Or your dog tries to take a bite from it. Or your wife complains that you didn’t make HER a sandwich. Whatever the reason, you look away.
Life was not always this bad for Emma and she did not start out her life disabled; in fact she used to be a normal, cheeky little girl who enjoyed toddling around and playing with her toys. Sadly however, despite being born a normal baby Emma was constantly ill, suffering from a weakened immune system resulting in persistent infections requiring antibiotics for weeks on end.
This is truest during a one-night stand where there is no relationship that exists; thus we are at the mercy of each other. It is easy to treat the other person as an object but a gentleman or a lady knows we may fuck like beasts but we are not brutes. Manners are still necessary and some level of respect should exist between the two parties. (I respect you; thank you for blowing me last night.)
My contribution to the British Resistance site has never been an endorsement of all the views expressed here, however, as a believer in free speech I respect other writers’ right to hold those views.
Well 2 things going on,,lol,,listening to rain turn to sleet at 34 degrees and watching the ball game.2ND quarter and Alabama leading 7-6.Several good plays all ready and Texas is fast but i have to roll tide,,,
People naturally listen to a story more easily than a step-by-step relating of an abstract thought, even though the abstraction will carry more useful information per unit of time. People will even listen to a long story if it appears to be going somewhere. With the longer time frame allowed a storyteller, more information can be delivered before an interruption. Ideas delivered in the form of abstract information will create thoughts and examples and counter-thoughts and counter-examples in the listener’s mind. They will then want to speak them out and will readily butt into an abstract statement. Whereas a story that seems to be going somewhere will not have a conclusion until the end, and so the listeners will tend to sit quietly and listen. Therefore, one should communicate abstract ideas by using stories and only at the end of the story have a memorable bon mot, a take home message, and an action which the listener can and will participate in after the conversation.
he held on tight.
Tis weekend, tis a Bank Holiday one and tis a not so very sunny one. Such is the tradition over in here in Queen Lizzy land. My 'to do' list breeds overnight it seems, so the dismal weather may actually be a blessing... DT deadlines, shopping, decorating and baby stuff.
Well, I’m going to suggest that it could. And I don’t think this is very controversial, either. If you’re going to disagree at this stage, and argue that nobody possessing the wherewithal not to drool all over themselves could ever possibly be fooled by some sort of trick, and persuaded that a bent spoon hadn’t simply been bent by physical force alone… well, good luck with that in a world where people who still think wrestling is real manage to get dressed in the mornings without help. People are always getting taken in by fake stuff, even intelligent people. If you’re a trusting person, and inclined to believe in psychic powers already, then it doesn’t seem implausible that someone might, in theory, be able to trick you.
but what i really want to talk about, related to the issue about obesity above, is the expense! my groceries are not cheap anyway, i already eat mostly fresh food. but when you take out a sandwich for lunch or toast for breakfast, and start getting your fibre wholly from fruit and veg, you’re looking at a lot of money being spent on food. which is what makes me so angry when we have newspaper columnists running around talking about how much fat people are going to cost the health system and NOT talking about the fact that macdonalds is cheaper and easier. i had someone living a very comfortable middle class life once tell me there was no class in australia. you want to start linking obesity to postcode and try sell me that one again? i can see it here, near where i live. the coles supermarket closer to the housing commission area has dreadful quality fresh food and a very limited range. the woolworths not more than 1km south is like gourmet world. yet another social problem that we blame on the individual, yet another great big silence. im lucky, i can afford to make this change. we should think about those who are less so before we rush to judge them.
Denim shirt, Vintage Wrangler
And, here you can see the western end of Campbell Lake, Pass Lake above it, and then Whidbey Island above that. The flat part of Whidbey, which you can’t exactly see clearly but is nonetheless visible in this shot, is NAS Whidbey Island, and thus you can literally see from the top of Mt. Erie where I was born, since I was born at the Naval Hospital on that NAS.
These lovely earrings were a Christmas present from my Mum and I love them! Bit of a walking advertisement for Primark today but I thought the colour of the stone went well with the dress.
The judgments (and my blog post) occasioned quite a bit of discussion, and in May or June 2008, in time-honored dodgy-publisher style, Daly changed Light Sword Publishing's name to LSP Digital. It doesn't seem to have helped. December 2008, Linda Daly and Light Sword Publishing filed Chapter 7 bankruptcy petitions with the US Bankruptcy Court in the Eastern District of Michigan. By March 2010, the bankruptcy trustee had decided to abandon assets and close the file; and in June 2010, Daly was granted a discharge.
Avocado and banana can both replace egg in cakes and breads. 1/2 avocado or 1 whole medium banana per egg. Both taste excellent with chocolate and here at Nothing But An Apron chocolate is a food group (and so is butter), so eat plenty!
Cardio: 15 minutes on the erg sprints +15 minutes of swimming sprints
An Interview -
That they got some dates wrong. I was at Art College for the 3 day week, which, according to this film happened several years later than it did.
Gifts that He gives us on a daily basis...
We also sampled some Dino Bubbles. After all the roaring was complete, my girls went to bed, clean, soothed and ready for some dino dreams….A big thank you to Smith and Vandiver for supplying the samples!
As I’ve gotten older I have started to understand the temptations of food a little more, but not to the extremes that some people take it. I don’t know if you’ve ever listened to The Splendid Table, but that woman talks about food like a registered sex offender talks about sixteen year olds. I once had a child in my car and they heard her talking about an egg she ate in France and I had to turn off the radio because I worried that it was doing psychological damage. She once had a twenty minute conversation with someone about the impact different types of bread have had on her life. While undoubtedly important, I rarely ever reflect back on the breads in my life when I’m not already eating a piece. It’s absolutely ridiculous. The food television networks are better but I’ll still occasionally get the impression that the food is supposed to deliver some sort of higher pleasure to the person consuming it than it should. It’s usually when they strategically light the food to look good and then shoot it with a soft filter like it’s in some sex scene on an vintage soap opera that I’ll start to feel like something is amiss.
Juventus’s players eventually retreated to their dressing room. It was some time before stewards were able to clear out the tunnel of fans and create enough space on the pitch for them to re-emerge and toast their triumph properly – with bottles of champagne bearing the number 30. This will be officially recorded as Juventus’s 28th title, but the club continues to reject the Calciopoli verdicts which stripped them of their 2005 and 2006 Scudetti.
Basmati rice, soaked 1 1/2 cups
Morality and ethics will become less of a philosophical issue and be labelled a ‘world-view’
hello again! i am finally back here in blogland after a long summer off. i hope you missed me!
5. More travel -- self-funded when possible -- to the places where classic beer styles are made, to Ireland for a whiskey trip, some days before or after Chicago WhiskyFest to visit breweries in the Midwest.
Following the "Crimpwerkzeug" theory, the senate judges that re-establishment may be requested even after expiry of the one-year-term
I am of course also reading Buddhist literature as part of my ongoing practice. The book stores here are loaded with the books which otherwise are hard to get, and I have bought many already. I am not going to share any lines as most of them include old and secret teaching that each person has to find when they are ready for it and transmitted in a direct way. I do want to mention that my absolute favorite and daily read right now is the Dakini Teachings, a book given to me in a special moment and therefore brought into my live this way. Here some items just from the glossary. The definitions are new to me and intriguing, Buddhist or not:
Rin, her sidekick Mimi, and their big, fluffy dog are immortal, and the series drops us into their lives at various points. The character Koki joins up with them in episode one and has been with them a year in episode 2. There’s a cop that Rin uses for information and we see him age roughly 50 years over the course of the series. The producers do a great job of using this time jump to give you a sense of all the stories we haven’t seen. Rin runs a private detective agency and where Koki is a frazzled, scared kid in the first episode (he’s actually a clone), he’s a contributing member of the team in the second story. That we don’t get to see his development is a shame, but that would take 20 episodes and for this jumping ahead in time approach, it works.
It’s what we’re doing for you in 2011! We think you’ll be very happy with what we have in store!
When they work together,
Sweet butterfly hat for a tiny tiny baby. Baby doll pictured has head circumference of 12".
stuff. Last Friday, we stopped in at an estate sale, and
she went to work with her tiny trowel.
Here's the deal, I think I go from one big thing to the next... I get myself so wrapped up in what I "have" to do.. whether it is for:
I can not. You see I love words; a well written book is a joy out of this world(Tolstoy, Turgenev, Gogol and so many more I believe are such great word wizards), but to describe such a holy time of the year I think the use of words does not do it justice. Now that I think, maybe that is why The Passion was such great movie: very little words. I can not help but think that we are robbing Christmas of its magic by trying to describe it. We can not do much by using mortal means (language) to describe immortal truths. That is why I love Christmas traditions like The Creche and the fact that it started with St. Francis ("Preach the gospel always. When necessary use words"). It makes it more magical, more beautiful (you see, all these description words can not do the job well enough). Because I can not describe all the feelings that Christmas brings into my hearth I can only describe traditions and how we as humans live and do Christmas.
When Jesus was nailed onto that cross, God was saying-
The people here are really nice and most everyone is bilingual. But I've been trying to concept with an art director whose English is about as good as my French. It's funny, to say the least—lots of "Comment dit-on 'cutting-edge' en francais?" and "Repetez plus lentement, s'il vous plait." Luckily we are also working with a flash designer, who doubles as an interpreter.
Why do people run? I have friends that run, and they tell me that while running, your body produces complex chemicals called endorphins which give you a sense of well-being and euphoria. They claim that there is nothing like what’s called a runner’s high. Well, I have something growing on my window sill, and it’s done a pretty good job of giving me an incredible high, without all the aches and pains. I know what you’re thinking, but its okay. I’m in California now, and some guy in a white lab coat just wrote me a prescription for medical marijuana.
And then there’s Performance Applause, which is the kind that I think Tinkerbell thrives on. The kind that you hear when you’re standing on a stage, whether you’re like me and in the chorus or the lead, and there are five hundred people clapping because of something you were part of. It’s the kind that makes you smile bigger than you ever have before. It is without a doubt the best kind of applause there is, and I don’t think people who aren’t in performing know it.
According to theverge.com, prior to release Twitter accounts for specific Nike stores will notify followers when a certain shoe will go on sale and provide a date for when they will begin accepting RSVPs. Once reservations begin, users must direct message the store within 60 minutes and provide a custom hashtag, the last four digits of their government issued ID, and their shoe size. The store will then respond offering confirmations on a “first respond, first serve” basis. In addition to eliminating midnight availability, Nike has prohibited customers from lining up at stores for new products. Naturally, Nike’s new policies do not apply to third-party retailers, such as FootLocker.
A follow-up biopsy or blood test may be ordered several months after the diagnosis and treatment. These tests evaluate your response to treatment. Normal results mean that you have responded to treatment, which confirms the diagnosis. However, this does not mean that the disease has been cured.
This beautiful piece was written by dev!l
Hmmm. Perhaps it's time to take the focus off singlets and address the issue of pants. Before I run into real problems.
Never in a million light years would I would have guessed that I would have found such tremendous friends....and you know who you are. These girls would take a bullet for me and I'd take one for them. They truly are my soul-sisters and I adore them. That being said, we talk/write each and every day. Often several times a day depending on how much we are procrastinating our work. So I feel very much a part of the blog world....the world is just much smaller. And that was what I was looking for: a support group and I was lucky to find this awesome group.
Restaurant also serving clear soup to accompany with their dish, 2 types per day, duck with lemon is an everyday basis. Bitter cucumber with rip soup on Mon, Tue, Thu, Fri, and Sat. Hog’s maw with Chinese Preserved mustard green soup on Wed and Sun.
With the first rays of light I quietly unlocked the door and went straight to our meeting place near the river. The place was completely transformed from what I thought it was last night. Hundreds of wild flowers covered the entire length and breadth of the river bank. The only thing unchanged was the willow tree. It seemed to me that it had bent more in last few years and the branches now kissed the ripples with the slightest breeze. Mesmerized I watched the beauty around me. It had a strange resemblance to the grave site and here also the flowers seem to watch me with their dewy eyes, telling the story of her unconditional love and complete devotion.
The silver brass lamp were shot from last year's pongal festival at home.
Supplies: Cherry Cobbler, Early Espresso, Very Vanilla and Certainly Celery cardstock. Crumb Cake, Early Espresso, Certainly Celery and Cherry Cobbler ink. Antique brads, mini vintage tags, Hemp twine, 2 step bird punch, Finial press embossing folder, Fun flowers Bigz L die, frost shimmer paint, sponges
called for help in stopping the demolition.
Today I'm giving away a copy of All About Vee by C. Leigh Purtill.
Apple Filled Acorn Squash Rings with Curry Butter
I was very lucky that I was living in New York when I discovered publishing as a potential career and I got a highly coveted place on an internship where I focused on YA and MG. From that point, I was hooked, and I can’t imagine doing anything else.
And of course I'm going to finish the post with a picture of my lovely friends:
Wheel of Fortune is doing its annual ‘”Going Green” week in Portland form April 30th to May 4th, 2012 sot he grand prizes featured are therefore Eco-friendly cars, gift packages of Eco-friendly products and trips to Eco-friendly destinations such as Dominica which is commonly known as the “Nature Isle”.
Suckers are a quirky and original band, and, on their second full-length release, they’re a little more polished, which I don’t think takes anything away from their likability. You can catch them at Empty Bottle on Saturday.
Judge Neels Claassen ruled in the South Gauteng High Court that there had been widespread manipulation of news under the SABC’s former head of news, Snuki Zikalala, and that Mr Zikalala had "dishonestly tried to cover up this manipulation".
Don't forget there is a new challenge happening on the CopicOz Blog in a few hours and there is a prize of a pack of X-press It Blending Card and a 24 Copic Wallet just waiting for one lucky participant!! Hope to see you playing along!!!
OG=1.046@69F
Tonight I used the random number generator from Random.org to obtain a number between 1 and 106 to choose the winner of my 'Sunshine on my Shoulder' earrings and the number was 24.... Esme.
Unfortunately, architect Louis Page decided that the new cornerstone, which bore the usual inscription (the date of construction, names of City Council members, and names of the architects and general contractors), was unacceptable and wouldn’t be used. One of the problems was the stone was made of red granite that had a great deal of black mottling, making the lettering hard to read.
While visions of sugar-plums danced in their heads;
The Stooges – Have Some Fun: Live At Ungano’s
Batath reaches the bottom of the slope. Warth tells the men on the top of the slope to take one last shot with slings. Worter, Htuya, Wedth, Vala and Culf do so - all miss.
12:50ish am - CC was sitting running stationary radar. He gets a call over the radio from another officer that was just ahead of him that said he clocked the car coming in CC's direction at 31 mph (speed limit=20). By the time the car gets to CC, he gets her going 35 mph. So he pulls her over. He gives her a ticket for speeding.
I know that this dream sounds corny and quaint,
Accessories: Spellbinder's Cross, Sewing Machine, Spellbinder's Label 10, Heat Embossing equipment and gold EF, Brilliance Gold Ink for sponging, CB EF, Ribbon and Gold Half Pearls from my stash
Then listen to a man who has to cover his speech impediment
I rewind to the moment in the hair salon when the woman repeatedly questioned the texture of my hair because she mistook me for being black and thought my hair was relaxed despite me explaining I’ve never had to.
We thought the snows of winter had completely disappeared, but we were wrong.
Ava talks a bit about the Calusa's and then says:
Do you hold back? Do you worry about how others look at you? Do you think that your physical disability or lack of knowledge makes you worth less than others?
Very bad.
And I was thrilled to receive my ATC backgrounds from the fabulous swap that Jen organized... they are amazing and so inspiring... we had a wonderful morning together this week... catching up and oohing and aahhing over all the delicious techniques... And... I will be interested to see how this post looks... Blogger have streamlined the templates... and it is all a little different... took me some time just to find the dashboard... but so far, so good...
Why do you write the kind of books you do?
Here is yet another example of how time flies....
Thanks for your lovely comments on being absent & ill.
20. Chain 4, treble crochet in same stitch as chain 4, chain 2, 2 treble crochet again in same stitch, *skip 5 stitches, make cluster in next stitch* (cluster = 2treble crochet, chain 2, 2 treble crochet), repeat around, join to top of beginning chain 4. (72 clusters) NOTE: I found that for the last 8 clusters I had to skip only 4 stitches between each cluster to end up with 72 clusters. Adjust as you need to obtain 72 clusters.
Try going to your local gym and talk to a trainer there.Well, the American Council on Exercise has released a chart stating what percentages for fat are acceptable and desired.A common question that many people have is, how many calories are in a diet plan to lose body fat?The real results happen after – minutes and even then they aren’t optimal.The approaches that you can do this will be to obtain a set of calipers from the nearby drugstore which will pinch a variety of regions of the body in order to determine body fat percentage.
New Zealand for me was a perpetual exiting attack on the senses. The landscape is epic. I would meet new people all the time who just happened to be from the other side of the globe and who happened to have a wonderful, youthful, calm form of carpe diem. That’s the word. Youthful. Not so much “young” but New Zealand made me feel alive, like a kind yet dangerous 20 year old.
I'm entering this into the Speedy the Cat's Friends Challenge - Flowers over at Marks Finest Paper, as well as the DIY Embellishment challenge at Tuesday Throwdown because I made that fabulous little flower from 4 loose flower petals from Oriental Trading Company. This will be my first time entering a challenge on both of those blogs.
“I’m a professional mime.”
holding onto each other in the night, our breath without words,
Other good choices from AKG are: the C12A, C-414EB P48 or the C-414T LII.
(7) Can temporary acts of reproduction be an “integral and essential part of a technological process” if they consist of manual scanning of entire newspaper articles whereby the latter are transformed from a printed medium into a digital medium?
Hispanic Youth Marketing Takes Center Stage on Newly Expanded Agenda of Hispanic PR & Social Marketing Conference,
Here we had been in this mindset of scarcity all these months...closely guarding what was "ours"....but where was the giving? Where was the room for abundance to flow into our lives?
Of course, as we get it home and I start helping the kids put this and the train set together, I keep returning to one thought…..
The picture on the clip clears after a bit, bear with it. Relax, and say to yourself, "I've got very beautiful lips." xxxxxxx
Yum! What a great gift idea for Valentine's Day. You can purchase a $30 voucher for Shari's Berries for $15 from Mamapedia (a daily deal site similar to Groupon). I think the best part apart Mamapedia is that they donate 5% of your purchase price to the school of your choice.
So the ritual was symbolic; one goat would have its life sacrificed to cleanse the Israelites of sin. The other goat would have the sins of the people placed on it and sent away.
"Of course not! Hahaha. But ... really, you're going to wear that?" he asked.
Adjust: None. Angle: From where I sat.
Those journalists should go walking around some of these areas alone at night and then see whether or not there are ‘no go’ areas in Luton or anywhere else they have been reported, or speak to the anti-terror squad for a risk assessment of these places after dark.
At least I can still count to ten, and wave hello with either hand.
Dry Stout, Matt Brewing Company, New York, 5.5% ABV
I seem to be more out of social media fashion than I thought. Not only that I just started tweeting some months ago (shame on me ... it seems as if half of the world has the deep urge to tweet), I completely forgot about my invitation to Pinterest that a good friend of mine has sent me last year. Yes. That's how I engage myself to such platforms.
What is your take on the recent SOPA/ACTA controversy?
Friday - Friday Confessional
The web bot project is a phenomenon of modern computer technology. Through the use of data mining software and the use of archetype keywords programmers search the internet for patterns of speech. These patterns are then deciphered by the programmers and once decrypted, the message is a prediction for some future event.
*See if there is a homeschool sports league in your area for your older students who want to participate in football, basketball, baseball, etc. Often they will have fundraisers to help deflect the burden of costs to families who participate.
Can you imagine going to work and not knowing when the shift would end?
The bigs and I came home and we ate dinner as a family. The girls hit the tub while I picked up and put the tiniest of the babes to bed. All four older girls wanted to sleep together (this has become a weekend ritual) so they did. Today, my husband and I moved these beds from the other side of the room to where you see them here. Holy Heavy Bunks Batman. Would you believe I was able to lift my end of the bed up off the ground and on top of the bottom bunk? I couldn't believe it when I accomplished that! Don't worry, you can come to my gun show anytime!
Not to get a kiss. Just to get the kiss and then say: “I was lying. I’m really a Yankees fan. Red Sox suck!”
ISCARIOT. Here it is: "Judas".
I wish others could understand that I prefer one-on-one or small group interactions versus “going out.”
H.R. 1981 is yet another similar piece of legislation. Under the guise of protecting children from pornography, it would require online service provides to, as Gottlieb points out, “spy on your online activities and provide that information to the government. H.R. 1981 “is all about data retention and requires Internet service providers to keep detailed records of your internet activity, your name, address, bank account numbers, and credit card numbers.”
My best friend told me this story which he witnessed first hand. His friend in the university had dated a girl for almost two years and then one morning, the girl publicly dumped him. Reason? He lied about being a cultist. Apparently, the guy had told the girl that he was the leader of one of the daring campus cults and that had been the attraction…main attraction for the girl obviously. She was done with the guy and the relationship because her guy wasn’t the bad boy she had always fantasized about.
in your footsteps.
This morning, however, for some strange reason, the class just fell apart. There was a sense of rhythm being lost: of neat and tidy dance co-ordination giving way to fluttery chaos.
Anyway, smoking:
Can you describe when and where your conversion experience happened? I don’t mean the time were delivered from some addiction or besetting sin. I don’t mean the time you had a breakthrough and resolved a big conflict in one of your personal relationships. I mean the time you realized that you were a lost sinner and you called upon Jesus Christ to save you.
We started off with a couple of cocktails – absolutely delicious!! Mine, on the left, was a lemongrass something-or-other. It absolutely hit the spot! Perfection. I’m not sure what the amiable Ms A had – but she seemed to enjoy it. I’m afraid my trip to the US (with its amazingly cheap cocktails) has started a bit of a bad habit for me… just love them!!
Van Wyk also slammed managers for allowing corruption in the police’s supply-chain management function – dealing with tenders and purchases – to “chisel away at your money for years and years”.
In order to establish the dharma, I will be born again and again (in every yuga), to punish the wrong-doers and to save the good.
FOURTH COURSE
FH: And getting things ready. Getting the envelopes all ready, with the address labels - it’s like a production line...and then I let the TIC know...
In Part Three (Chapters 11-15), Johnson shifts her attention to “Making Your Dreams Happen.” Twenty contributors share their own experiences when seeking to achieve that goal. They also share the lessons they learned – and what others can perhaps learn – from those experiences.
I’ve been a bit lonely since everyone has been revising. Not to mention that everyone who wasn’t was off traveling. How they’ve got the time to do so, is beyond me. Some other international students are on programmes, but I’m here for the full year, directly enrolled in uni, so I’ve got to stay until I’ve gotten the exams sorted.
What or who would you let go of?
<U+1208><U+134D><U+127C> <U+1208><U+134D><U+127C>
Many Bloggers have Facebook page that we can Like, and well, that’s just sharing the love. Still, it’s genuine, and for some reason I didn’t want to be associated with the Blog on Facebook, I wouldn’t. Fortunately, it hasn’t come up.
One day, sometime around my freshman year in high school, while digging around through a box of books that my dad had stored in what we called the "back room", I found this non-descript story about baseball. I thumbed through it, and, not having anything better to read, I decided to read it. The story itself wasn't terribly intriguing; the book was not very well-written. It had a definite Bad News Bears vibe to it: some middle-aged guy, going through a mid-life crisis, decides to coach his son's baseball team or some bullshit like that. The guy who sponsors the team doesn't come through with the money, mostly because he's an old cocksucker, until they reach the (insert shocked face gasp here) championship game, which they, predictably, win.
The soulistic songbird Bucie graced Pheli along with YFM’s new addition MsCosmo who was also at Tsididi Ice’s 1st birthday celebration which took place quite recently. Indeed the much anticipated Femme fatale event Hosted by 80'z Roc was finally here.
No accountability in this government, drug importation continues unchecked, violence all over the streets, a disgusted, disaffected and traumatised public, public servants being accidentally thrown into St. Anns for their own good, a tight family clique abusing the public purse….No wonder MP Amery Browne saying the MS-13 gang operating in Trinidad…..he watching them infiltrate the Parliament every week!
The National Honor Society members will meet with Mrs. Koehn on Tuesday, April 10, at 9 am or 1 pm for more information about the actual NHS Ceremony that will be held on Tuesday, April 24, at 7 p m. If you have questions, please ask me.
Next, if you are ready, and I mean really psychologically prepared and not just take this lesson as a curiosity, then please do the following (for your own sake):
my Daddy's wife.
Newcastle substitution: Ben Arfa off, Obertan on.
“For the time is coming when people will not endure sound teaching, but having itching ears they will accumulate for themselves teachers to suit their own passions, and will turn away from listening to the truth and wander off into myths.” 2 Timothy 4:3-4
The silver ring is attached to the aperture lever, which is hooked onto the inner mechanism makes this work. The aperture shutter is in a part of the camera I currently don't want to take apart, underneath the shutter, which we will see soon. The copper colored rings control the shutter.
Julia Gray, founder of the London branch of anti street harassment group Hollaback, rather trivialises the issue of violence (thus undermining the intended impact of the legalisation) and is quoted in the Guardian:
Hi everyone! Daniella here from Dress, Design & Decor and so happy to be sharing a few of my favourite things from home today. I have yet to decorate (decisions, decisions...) but I'm a huge fan of crisp, clean white so it's quite suiting for now!
As Ally’s wandering spirit wrestles with a deep longing to flee again, a young woman on the other side of the world escapes her life of slavery in the rock quarries of Nepal. A mysterious sketchbook leads Sunila Kunari to believe there’s more to her story than she’s ever been told, and she’s determined to follow the truth wherever it leads her.
and dressing without bumping into the walls,
Sangen ten’Am en Lina ( To gather for Tale and Song)
Hopefully, down the line at the Summit, we will find ways down the line to explore and develop some of these ideas experimentally in an interactive format lining food, words and sounds together in an provoking way.
We all say we spend too much time in meetings, yet meetings are supposed to provide an efficient forum where everyone gets together to make a decision when otherwise nothing will happen. So where are we all going wrong?
Don't you know what causes that?
DOES it make any difference at all whether you spin the coin or not?
Tuesday - AI have found the answer, which is spookily the same as Goth suggested the day before
R. Et cum spiritu tuo.
This focus on “far-right” followed an order to the police to “go easy” on Muslim terrorists.
a) it is possible to have numerous entries total per person.
Personal goals work that way too. You have a goal and you created reasonable steps to accomplish that goal. Don’t give up when the going gets tough—and it always gets tough at some point. Retreat if you have to. Regroup, employ strategy, and move forward.
I came out of my stall and saw the woman. She wasn't coming all the way in. She stayed by the entrance. I asked "Are there men in here?" She replied in the affirmative.
We plan to spread Dillon's ashes along with John's in Austin, Cape Cod, and Paris.
The event itself consisted mostly of short talks by those who knew Diana well, in her personal or professional life (and often both): her sisters and her sons; her editors and agent; fans, friends, translators... There were also clips from the adaptations of her work: Miyazaki’s animated Howl’s Moving Castle, the BBC dramatization of Archer’s Goon, and even an excerpt from the ballet of Black Maria written by her nephew, Tom Armstrong. As is the way of such events, laughter and tears were never far away or far apart. In the end, I believe we approached Diana from enough angles that we managed by a process of - not triangulation, perhaps, but polygonization? - to conjure her, if in a fitful way like a Star Wars hologram. It was the kind of event where one thought, "I wish Diana
Image and Sentiment: Buzzcraft stamps No. 488
I have huge plans for the next year or so. It will be a lot of work bringing games, animations and a movie some time soon. All stuff in the works, I'll get more info to you soon enough. For now it's just busy busy busy, but all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.....
The ice encrusted creek bank
More than Makeup
go ahead
Granted, I know those questions are leftovers from my dream, but why now? I took my question to the most logical place: My therapist. We got to talking about transition, and then I sort of had that light bulb moment.
I was walking him and he could barely walk for the first time in a long time. Audrey had been walking him and I had been walking Forest.
Second, pollsters are subject to a severe case of inertia. Wherever a team is ranked in the beginning of the year, it’s going to stay pretty much right there until it loses. So when OU and USC started the season 1-2 and Auburn started at 19 or something and all 3 went undefeated, Auburn had no chance of overtaking USC and OU because the latter two had been entrenched as 1-2 since before the season even started. This happens even with people who claim to be resume ranking (and for the record, if someone is prone to inertia, they are not purely resume ranking, despite claims to the contrary; liars!).
For over a decade I have been a loyal member of the British National Party.
I also have a set of screenshots taken later in the zone when the server is ‘daytime’. I’ll try and get them posted today before I go exploring anew!
I speak English because when the Americans colonized the Philippines, they made sure that all the schools taught in English, and that system lingered even after independence. Science, math, home economics, accounting, and the like were all taught in English. The only subjects that were not taught in English were Filipino (duh) and Philippine History. In these subjects, the teacher would lecture in Filipino, but when we opened our books, sometimes they were in English, but we had to recite and write in Filipino.
Although Raymond wasn’t attracted to men, he could see that Andrew’s smile was a handsome one; that on its own was a rare quality. And he was determined to see that smile again and again throughout the night. Whatever it takes, thought Raymond. I can see what Chloe meant now. There is some hope for him after all.
Honestly, I pray for and think of so many of you-- Ron (Mom & Dad), Barbara, Cheri... many more of you. I was just saying prayers of thanks, this morning, for my son's six months of sobriety. That's definitely debatable, because some people believe that if you are using methadone then you are not sober. As far as I am concerned, my son is not buying heroin. He's using methadone at a clinic that has a good reputation for dispensing this, in liquid form, and adhering to the state of California's very strict guidelines.
The hairdresser visited early, sticking pins in strategic places and making sure hats and hair were perfectly aligned. Bag, gloves (grey short ones for me this time), shoes polished and pristine, makeup applied, don't forget to wee at the last minute because it will be a long day--the girls with pearls (of course we wore pearls!) were ready to go. It was the strangest of feelings, being driven along that sunlit wedding route lined with what seemed like millions of smiling faces, Union Jacks, and those odd square periscopes which stuck up everywhere like small chimneys. We waved frantically (in a most undignified and unregal way) through the car windows of course--what other opportunity would we ever get to feel like queens? And every time we did there were loud cheers from behind the metal barriers. Even the lined out policemen were grinning at us. It was nine o' clock in the morning, and we had two hours to go before lift-off. The smaller West Door of St Paul's was open, and a crowd of assorted top hats and morning suits and uniforms were pouring in, together with a whole rainbow garden of dresses and feathered, sequinned, chiffoned, strawed and silken creations on heads.
Here is a close-up of the image. I can't find any challenges to enter this in. Everything I tried there was something that didn't meet the requirements. Oh well. The copics used are:
36-banters and announcements 2.38
Irene Fernandez, Executive Director of Tenaganita, accompanied by her lawyer, Fadiah Nadwa Fikri, was interviewed by the Malaysian Anti Corruption Commission (MACC) for approximately ninety minutes today.
Eastern Conference Second Round: 7 Washington Capitals @ 1 New York Rangers, 2 pm/NBC
The rest of my day was spent doing pretty much nothing in the room. I ended up cleaning up a bit, emptying out all of our trash and stuff so that the room was a little tidier, but, other than that, I just sat around, bored.
But then, who wants to listen to anyone’s constant personal diary, especially when it’s set to such uninspiring music? America’s youth lost 10 years of their lives listening to Browne’s and James Taylor’s navel-gazing drivel. He couldn’t even make his best song a hit; had to let those flannel-shirted idiots The Eagles smooth it out for national consumption.
“We’ve seen the consequences of a government which is out of touch but how do political parties stay in touch? The conversation in your house, in your street, your neighbourhood is a conversation that the Labour Party is having too.
I sat on the curb and talked
Even though he died three years ago, at times like this I miss him terribly. He was intensely alive, right to the end. With a huge enthusiasm for many things, he focused his life-long interest on restorative justice, alternative healing, the arts and gardening. When he got sick, he was upset that he wouldn’t be here long enough to witness the tremendous changes happening in the world. He was excited about Obama’s victory and wanted to see how his presence would affect the American landscape. He would have cheered the Arab Spring for he was engrossed in books about the Middle East, trying to understand the historical background to the current unrest.
An extremely strong and very black cup of coffee.
fixer upper. I may be walking everywhere (very European).
The content of this post is copyrighted to Hayden Fletcher 2012. Reproduction of any of the material is strictly prohibited without the author’s written permission or love.
He told the camera, he told “Tattoo from Fantasy Island”, he will beat ADR at Night of Champions.
This was foreshadowed by the High Priest of old when each year he took blood and entered the Holy of Holies.
The laws and regulations they pass are designed to export the industrial and manufacturing base of the United States to other countries. They are designed to destroy our energy base by restricting oil prospecting, fuel production, and nuclear power plants. The Jesuits in the House, Senate and regulating agencies restrict the private use of land with nonsensical environmental rules and regulations. They pass laws and regulations about what is "proper" to be taught in schools so that children will grow up being extremely ignorant under the banner of being educated.
Pakistan is one of the most corrupt nations on the planet. That is fact, not hyperbole. I speak from personal experience. I’ve done business there since the mid-1970s and indeed on behalf of local executives and major companies there. (Most curiously and serendipitously, Ms. Durrani’s father is now the senior executive of one of my former clients.)
The book is actually about the stories, personalities and management styles of a selection of Buffett’s CEOs: his “All Stars”. There is much to learn from these men and women (mostly middle aged men, it must be observed). Each chapter focuses on one or two of them and each ends with a short selection of their business tenets.
Mother is the name for God in the lips and hearts of children
You guys know what today is, right?
I can't do without my Zutter, Holtz distress inks, Perfect pearl mist, diamond Stickles and lots and lots of Prima.
But these five kings had fled and hidden themselves in a cave at Makkedah. And it was told Joshua, saying, “The five kings have been found hidden in the cave at Makkedah.”
As I mentioned in my last post I've been rather bored tonight so I just decided to check out some of my favourite blogs. It turns out my man Retronic over at Retro-Teque has been on an uploading tear which has resulted in several great library records and compilations becoming available online. One of his most recent posts is "Hard Hitter" by Keith Papworth, an album that I have been lusting after for quite some time.
By Palash R. Ghosh: Subscribe to Palash’s RSS feed The Foreign Minister of Singapore has warned the US against the rising tide of anti-Chinese rhetoric coming out of Washington DC, ahead of a visit to the US by Chinese Vice President Xi Jinping’s next …
Reverend Doctor Curtis Page
gets heavier
A big failure was my attempt at book binding. It works for me and what I wanted but it isn't pretty, so no directions on this part. :) The good news is I did remember this time to leave room for binding so that's a positive!
This is no accident. There are a lot of people who want what happened to the Jews of Europe forgotten and buried.
If you ask me (and it's my blog anyway), I think I stayed remarkably calm through all of this. I think I'm pretty reliable in a crisis, even if it means my adrenaline shoots through the roof and keeps me awake for hours afterward, replaying the entire episode. I never imagined I'd think back on the triage concept as often as I do, but maybe I would have made a good EMT after all. Or maybe it was the best training I could have gotten for the life I'm living anyway.
The stories have been told before, in two Philadelphia grand jury reports and in lawsuits filed around the country.
Seau, 43, spent 20 seasons in the NFL, most recently playing for the New England Patriots from 2006-09. He was a 12-time Pro Bowler and 10-time All-Pro. The fifth overall pick in the 1990 draft, Seau was inducted into the USC Ring of Honor and the Chargers Hall of Fame, and he looked to be a lock for induction into the Pro Football Hall of Fame, for which he becomes eligible in 2014.
Why shirts but not pants? I don't know, but I think it's ok for teddy bears.
“Has anyone ever done that?” I ask with intense curiosity.
Batahola Norte
I have managed to get T's presents - all are either second hand or greatly discounted in price. Feeling quite proud of myself with this achievement. I am off work from Thursday until the beginning of January when T goes back to school, I cant wait until I'm off, I really feel that I need the break. January is likely to be a busy month with beloved planning to work on his mum's bathroom which needs some repairs. I'm planning to sell more items on ebay and I also plan to sell some jewellry and other bits and bobs that I no longer want or need. What is the point of keeping them -taking up valuable space! For now I'm looking forward to Yule celebrations x
one of his disciples said to him,
03-Tell Me What to Call This
A few feet short of the door, Rel stopped, turned to his right, and began to circle it. This wasn’t the only Sherim to be marked by a door - the clash between first- and second-realm logic threw up some strange patterns - but at none of them did one open the door to pass through. Some doors simply didn’t open; some, like this one, would, but all anyone would tell Rel was that there were dire consequences for doing so.
In exchange for her father’s life, Amarantha agrees to marry the dreadful Beast and be his wife for seven days. Though the Beast cannot take Amarantha’s virginity unless she begs him to, he can and does take her in every other way. From the moment they are alone together, the Beast relentlessly strips Amarantha of all her resistance.If Amarantha can resist her cloaked and terrifying husband, she gains his entire fortune and will be allowed to return to her family and a normal life. But the Beast seduces her at every turn, exposing, binding, tormenting, and pleasuring Amarantha until she no longer knows her own deepest desires. Increasingly desperate to break the curse that chains his humanity, the Beast drives Amarantha past every boundary. But her desire for a normal life may jeopardize the love that will save them both.
Here are the girls excitedly waiting for the ski shuttle.
Age Group Place: 16/71
This is a stark contrast from what I have observed in France, meaning the French are quite normal and make an effort to limit each festivity within their designated months, and I must admit that I quite prefer the French way of commercialism; it's less annoying.
"I think you're right,' Shelley said. 'Why is life a constant disappointment?' "Because we read fiction,' Mia said, and Shelley nodded, knowing it was true.~location 780 on my Kindle
But how did I get dethroned over night
1/19/2012: Well I found that I could make it through one more day of spanking: only one more to go. It wasn't too bad tonight. The bathbrush she was using broke early on so she had to stop and get up to get a new instrument to beat my ass with..........I think that took a little wind out of her sails. Thank God!!! I posted a picture of my ass from tonight's beating. Of course, to be honest, that is the culmination of the week so far.
by a big man in red with shifty eyes. I waved
Hat: from Alternative Design Studio
** I don’t know. I lack creativity. Maybe “Plain Janie”
Dear God, I thank thee
And now, to complete the deck of pantomime villains we have racist policemen. As I said, if anyone has been racist, lazy or lacking in compassion; deal with them and move on.
Existing as our own specific solution."
*Embellishments: clear embossing powder; Petaloo flowers; unknown brad covered with Glitter Ritz glitter
This is a few types of tuna that was mashed up with scallions and served sashimi style (without rice). The sauces are made there by the head sushi chef.
Asafoetida – a pinch
- This is wheat…
It depends, as Einstein said,
And then finally in 2011 the cost of technology had dropped so much that a simple tape to mp3 converting device set me back no more than £25. It was something I’ve always meant to do. Future proof all those Derek and Clive moments.
The judges were brought to their feet after Joshua sang “To Love Somebody” by The Bee Gees. J.Lo said he’s one of the best singers in 50 years, while Randy said Joshua is one of the best ever on the show. Steven agreed with his fellow judges.
So, the card's I pulled out were
Kamla blames PNM for Hanging Bill woes.
But the story that caught the Siren was one she had never heard before, that of Aherne's affair with the stage actress Clare Eames. Eames was married to playwright and director Sidney Howard, who later wrote the screenplay for Gone with the Wind. Howard was in London to direct his play The Silver Cord, and Aherne was cast opposite Eames. All went smoothly until Howard returned to America and the play began its run, whereupon the attraction between the two actors swiftly became a headlong, passionate romance. "I forgot she was a married woman with a child," says Aherne. "I forgot she was six years older than myself. I forgot my Puritan upbringing. I forgot that I was nothing but a penniless young actor. I heard the angels sing. I was lonely no more."
I did a search on Match.com of a 50-mile radius where I live, within my age group… and I gotta say, there are pages and pages of people, both male and female. I know, that’s not proof love is abundant. Just proof lots of people are looking for it. I get that. But I can’t tell you the times I’ve heard women around here say “there aren’t any good men out there!” Baloney.
By Jonathan Safran Foer
* Tomorrow we head out to NY to visit Funsocksgirl and J-Man. We are VERY excited to get to see them again! We have many memory making plans! (Bwa-ha-ha-ha-ha!)
3. I sometimes order off the senior menu. I’m not anywhere near that old in human years, but some people think I am a vampire, and so I created Dead Guy’s Vampire age years in which I am about 150. In regular Dead Guy years I am 22. In regular human years I have been on this earth somewhere in between the two, closer to the 22 than the 150 and still able to keep the illusion up of being 22.
I made a couple of these and changed them up. The left one is the one on the ring and the right one is on an alligator clip. I added white acrylic paint to the felt and satin ribbon to give the effect of leaves.
Some – indubitably – work brilliantly; lets take the Nike ‘swoosh’ logo as one example… its just an image, a graphic, an emblem and yet… gradually its seeped into the public consciousness and its now known the world over for what it is. No need for ramming the word Nike down anyone’s throat; no need for copyrighters’ silly tag-lines… just the graphic unobtrusively positioned. Very clever
Will you join me in praying for Jason and to continue believing in his work and praying that he will receive the greatest love one could ever receive.
stale sir ruffles
I am failing as an adult; by letting her poison get inside me and infect everything that means the world to me.
Oh, I can't just pick one favorite movie. So here are my top five as per Facebook.
… with 100 ounces of paladium. I think Tony Stark might make something out if this.
My hope is you/they will let me take a quick photograph of our Sunday sundae conversation.
Monday – Homemade pancakes with fresh strawberries
Simple card but has really cute winter colors.
4. Meanwhile, add salsa and grozen corn to meat mixture; cook 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in cilantro.
I told him to pick what he wanted and let me know. He felt I needed to view the options in person and get a feel for the different sizes so off we went to the Portland RV show this past weekend. Before leaving I asked Bean if she wanted to go look at campers, her response was "yes, can I roast marshmallows". What is it with this girl and marshmallows? Of course I responded, not yet but maybe if we go camping this summer.
You might say, my situation just doesn’t let me even try to smile. Well, you remember that plastered smile you have seen before where you doubted the genuineness behind it. That will do. It may sound funny but that is a good start. Try it and keep at it. Before you know, you will have a genuine one on your face and this will be there to stay as you work through your issues, but now with a smile on your face! Moreover, now you are spreading it too.
1 T. Earth Balance
1. The laver in the temple – washing
The experiment changed his life.
Don’t kid yourself. Because if you do, you’ll be shooting yourself in the foot yet again. The only control you might have is which foot and how many toes you can blow off.
Rewiring Brain Networks
I would definitely say if you are in the neighborhood or just looking for a change to make the trek to Anthem and give this place a try. Just don’t be shocked if you you walk in and are greeted with a line, it will move quickly and it will be worth the wait.
Former CIA Analyst on Libya: ‘This Is Americans Killing Muslims Again And It Looks Like It’s for Oil ! You Are Just Carrying The Water For Mr. Obama!’ Catastrophic Water Dump Means Fukushima Really Out of Control ! Next Stop Syria? ‘Intervention on Cards After Libya Precedent’! Ron Paul: The FedRes ~ Bailing Out Libya And The World While America Suffers! Flashback 1988: Ron Paul Accuses The CIA, Bush Senior And The Democrats of Drug Trafficking! Gilad Atzmon: Goldstone’s U-Turn! MI5 Files: Zionist Terrorist Plotted To Kill Winston Churchill ! Holocaustianity: Zionism’s Big Lie! Fraudclosure And The Next Housing Shock! Peter Schiff: Hi-Ho Silver!! Paper Money is Losing Value!
yes i know i have a shopping addiction - but soon enough it will come to a halt - a MAJOR halt - like NO more purchases for 12 months - yes 12 months - i'm dedicating myself that after October i will not purchase anything that is not a necessity and pay off all my credit cards! -- gonna be hard, but it's a life changing decision you will learn more about!
The moving waters at their priestlike task
According to research, humans innately prefer consonance over dissonance, with dissonance possibly causing a slight “pain” in the ear as the two tones vibrate either too closely together or out of phase. (see research of Sacks, Levitin, Fink, Kagan, and Zentner; AMAZING STUFF). Some of these studies were done on infants, which means I don’t have to add that to my list of curiosities; we innately DO prefer consonance.
CREAMY SOFT SCRUBBER - a good bath cleaner
Yet, voice would attempt to return so long,
The school that our Mimi want to the last half of the school year here in Texas was very and I stress VERY unimpressive. There were many many things that upset us over the course of the school year that were never 'taken care of.' And in all honestly we were made to feel that just because our daughter was scoring well on her year end tests and because the state gives them money for her being at school- THAT is the reason why they wanted her there. Not because her teacher wanted to teach and she had a love for it, and to top it all of 'they' made my daughter feel like the odd ball out with her blond hair and blue eyes. I know sounds weird being the add ball out looking like that, but honestly she is the ONLY student in her ENTIRE grade that did NOT have brown hair and brown eyes.
3. My vacant time was absolutely wasteful and boring! (Not even BM-ing)
Love and dreams torn to dust in nightmare
The MOMENTOUS NEWS is that Barack Obama has declared himself in favour of gay marriage.
"I-I-Ill hold m-my Stomach and g-g-roan and throw it at h-him!"
Paul professed to all his listeners that he belonged to God. He had experienced a change of ownership. He had recognised that the purpose of the cross was to purchase a lost human race from the bondage of evil. No one could do it but Jesus Christ. Hear these words from Romans 8:2-3.
The most divine knowledge of God is one which knows through unknowing
And The Coverlet Birds seemed a good project to start. Designer The Scarlett House.
We have a back up antenna array, but this thing is the darling of the RF Group, warts and all.
Row 34- ch1, turn, sc in 3, sc dec, sc in 7, sc dec, (sc in 9, sc dec) 4 times, sc in 6, sc dec, sc in last 3, (62)
Trends of anti-masonry in Eastern Orthodox cultures
Having been managing staff for some time I feel I am starting to get a handle on how to handle situations of all kinds. But is the extent of my ambition to achieve vicariously? How can I be truly happy when my greatest work is not really attributable to me?
“If to seek illustrations on the subject of gunas, it is very clearly seen in the area of sexual relationships. Let us look at it in relation to both sexes.
<U+FEFF> I love going places with my boys, I really do. What I don't like is how fast they move through everything. This time I really tried to grab their attention and make them stop and really see what was there. Eli, my oldest, was more apt to stop and take note. The others just zoomed. Luckily the Ecotarium is small enough where they could zoom and I could still keep track of them with only a small number of patrons knowing the names of my children. Our favorite was the curator's exhibit where they could touch and hold shark's teeth, porcupine quills, skulls, huge pine cones, snakeskin and so much more.
Sherri Wilson Johnson is the author of To Dance Once More and Song of the Meadowlark. She is from Georgia, has been married since 1988, and is a former homeschooling mom. She loves to write, read, eat ice cream, ride roller coasters and make people laugh. She loves Jesus and hopes to spread His love to the whole world through her writing.
- talvihorros - descent into delta - hibernate - 2011
It has triggered urgent talks this week at the Ministry of Justice where it is believed that Steve Wagstaffe, the director of public sector prisons, refused to overturn the decision.
Etape 5:
What were memories but
I'm sure that, despite the nice weather, I'll have down days where I'm still not completely crazy about my stay at home gig but I know that, with the sunshine, serotonin, and my sweet, sweet girl, I'll feel SO MUCH BETTER than I did this winter! Hooray for Spring!!
Crystal Mangum showed up for an April 4 meeting with the special prosecutors significantly impaired, and admitted that before the meeting, she had taken Ambien, methadone, Paxil and amitriptyline. The report concluded that her behavior at that meeting was very similar to the behavior she exhibited on the night of the party.
I remember loathing Childa everyday she was with that idiot boy. I had followed them around on several occasions and had wanted to make my presence known to them but, somehow, I couldn’t bring myself to do it because, no matter how terrible it was, my own self-righteousness could have come back to bite my ass.
They attack him and he fights them off really well for an old coot, and then he even turns back to his younger immortal self, because the two goons messed with the time stream or something. Now, this begs the question…if they can just go anywhere in time, why not just go back to when they first put him on Earth and cut his head off before he awakened his powers that first time? Or why not just go back to when they had him enslaved at first and kill him while he was bound in chains? Oh, wait, because then we wouldn’t have a movie. Silly me!
Ref: Picture II Kalighat, Kali & ‘She was there in the meadow when the creeks used to rise/ blinded by sleep and in need of a bed’- lines from Bob Dylan song ‘Isis’.
Walsh Gallery
Siding with Megaupload founder Kim Dotcom who lashed out against the Government earlier, the Prof. claims that the shutdown of the world’s most popular cyberlocker was a gift to the entertainment industry.
Whole wheat flour (organic): $2.84/2 lb bag, used 5/7 = $2.03
I realize,
If you want to spend a little time outside, or your kids just need some room to roam around, this is a good stop for you.
- James A. Dukes, Ph D., Dr. Duke’s Essential Herbs
"Love is a song that never ends"
Poor little Holly has no idea what to do
Shadow and Bone - Leigh Bardugo
“A R10 000 reward has been offered to anyone who identifies the racist scum who marred Saturday’s Springbok victory at Johannesburg’s Ellis Park.” It was an opening paragraph designed to attract attention and it certainly caught mine. I was appalled by the boorishness of the drunken yobs who picked on Ziningi Shibambo and told her: ‘You bloody kaffirs, you took over what was the only exclusively white sport in South Africa.’”
Contrary to popular belief, I do not have ADD. Not to disparage anyone who does have that affliction, but my condition is far worse.
But I've been thinking a lot about this one lately. This is my brother Adam. I seriously love this kid more than I can even say.
Founded by Artur Hazelius in 1891 as the outdoor annex to his Nordiska Museet (Nordic Museum), Skansen was the culmination of years of collecting and saving ethographical relics. In 1872 he had realised just how quickly life in Sweden was changing and set about " collect clothing, household utensils, furniture and hand-tools from the old farming culture: everything that needed to be preserved for posterity".
"Not the same thing a bit!" said the Hatter. "You might just as well say that 'I see what I eat' is the same thing as 'I eat what I see'!"
Hello all, DH here. Today is quite an occasion. Here are a few things that have never been said by Jen to me:
04 Battery Kinzie
Gil Scott-Heron – I’m New Here
Pasadena City College has saved 40 percent on gas usage by “nano-wrapping” its main gas line. It has also reduced water consumption by more than 28 percent by installing ultra-low flow urinals, changes in landscaping with a highly efficient irrigation system.
Chinese New Year Crafts
Well anyway, those conditions I guess, were a means of testing the mettle of the souls intrepid enough to gather on Pacific Street, to exchange anecdotes of law enforcement interrogations as well as hearing from the young woman,Katheryn McInnis who had a similar interrogation last week while taking pictures at the Atlantic Yards site. For more on Katheryn's story check out BritInBrooklyn's blog.
And the stirring of dreams around
Rel sat down, aware that his legs were giving him no choice in the matter. "The Gift?"
But she did not forget her Dear Auntie. She got her a couple of lighthouse photos!
Pietro Beconcini Agricola
Are you sorry we drifted
Take 4 ripe bananas and slice them in a casserole dish. Add 1 cup of dark brown sugar, 3 tbsp cinnamon and half a stick of butter, cut into pieces. Toss it all together before putting the dish in the oven, and roasting at 350 degrees F for about 20 minutes, or until it looks like these:
17. Slappy - What She Said
So is everybody tired of seeing these boots? Sorry, I apologize. It's really to bad though because I am completely in love with them right now. I think I may have been having boot withdrawals worse than I thought over the summer. Every morning after reading all of you lovelies I go to my closet with every intention of wearing something else. I try and I try to wear some other form of shoery, (not a word, I know) but they call to me in this alluring voice and I just can't help myself.
“We can’t always make second something that important to things like tourism and our market processes,” said Sutton.
Design houses are fascinating to me. Each designer's room has a totally different style and design approach, and it's cool to compare them. And since they're not usually designed for actual clients, the designer can really express their style.
Inseparable. Best friends.
Me: Yeah, I can see that. That is disgusting Samuel, this has to stop. I know you think it's funny but it isin't This is seriousuly the most disgusting thing anyone has ever done to me.
3 seminal
I read it in one long gulp - just over two hours - unable to stop. Yes, Lindy's situation is terrible and getting worse by the minute, since cousin Colin now has her delivering packets of cocaine. Her parents seem quite catatonic since the death of the baby and Lindy doesn't have proper food or clothes. She feels desperately trapped and doomed to follow her brothers into custody.
Brand: Jabra
electric blankets that burned your skin (this was only at sleepovers at other people’s houses)
Hi friends, this is my last week of being on the design team for Simon Says Stamp and Show. I have a lot of new things coming up in my life and I decided not to re-up for another 6 month term. Believe me, it was extremely tough to make that decision and I am going to miss the team severely. It has become such a part of my life and my week.
It’s been a little over a week since I finished pedaling. The whole ride home, I felt like an impatient seven-year-old watching the clock, waiting for the recess bell. I just wanted to get home. I was counting the kilometres. Now I am home. The RV has been cleaned out and returned to the rental company. I’ve slept well. I’m slowly catching up on everything. I’ve been slowly putting pieces of this blog together from the road and the last 2 days at home.
I was just reading about how excited Robert Pattinson (he of Twilight fame) was at the prospect of meeting David Tennant (he of Dr Who fame) and how he was hoping for a ride in the Tardis, and was chuckling at the incredulity of it all when I remembered something.
Feminine navy blue high collar blouse by CapriciousTraveler. I love the color, the dainty ruffles and high collar. It's so satisfying to wear things like this to work now that I have a job that lets me. Somehow it's just not the same wearing it to the grocery store.
The pure symbology here blows my ever-expanding (and crashing) mind! The serpent, feathered to boot!! Bringing in the kundalini energy from above (represented by the feathers) and below (the serpent itself.) I find it very wonderfully interesting they have a serpent descending… moving down to earth. The very missing link I wrote about a week or so ago.
Suggestions: I don’t think there’s a need for a player movement. They are one of the few teams who have very good depth. A bunch of big SERVICEABLE bodies (Quinahan, Belga, Matias, Rodriguez and Cruz), potent offensive players (Lee, Chan, Bunafe) and defenders who can slash and dash from the outside (Norwood, Arana, Ibanes). They look good both on paper and the floor.
to the way station at Marjin Pass.
We spoke of the highs and lows of a mood disorder and all that jazz but we also spoke of the great Spirituality behind this particular mental illness. We spoke of our preferred moods (while there is no control of these swings, some are easier to handle than others) at which time I told her that Depression was much easier on me than Mania. She turned her head and looked at me so deeply I could feel her eyes tickle my soul. My view of Depression is a completely different animal than hers. As far as Mania.....the supposed better part of the disorder.....I hate that shit more than a Republican.
The full results for Zurich can be found here. This next week will be a busy one with meets in Berlin, Rieti and Roverto before the Diamond League concludes in Brussels on Friday. Between now and then I will be taking a few more looks at some of the happenings from Daegu.
This post was not supposed to be occupied by sex but it turns out the subject is kind of unavoidable. Perhaps because my mind can’t seem to escape it.
And, if the weekend hasn’t been too nice to you and you didn’t catch that fish, it is an opportunity to throw the line in again. Let’s face it; the people around you are in the same situation aren’t they?
She was struck by a Union Gas truck turning left onto Governor's Road from Ogilvie Street and proceeding westbound on Governor's away from Dundas. She suffered head and chest injuries. Some of her belongings remained scattered on the sidewalk, past the marked crosswalk.
I have been researching heavily, in the name of my new novel, Fags Fighting Alien Overlords From Outer Space, the NWO and the factions who claim to oppose the NWO. The NWO being a group who possess so much money and power that they are literally imploding society. Simply because they wish to kill everyone, almost everyone. Once the smoke has cleared from this cataclysm, they themselves have designed, they will subjugate the remaining humans. Many people throughout the world are legitimately convinced of this reality. The story, legend, myth, conspiracy theory, or theory based on physical evidence, coupled with observations about our rulers past conduct, has a eerily familiar and convincing tone. If you allow yourself to delve into this type of research, any of you, I assure you that if you are diligent you will look in the mirror one day and seriously consider this postulation on the state of our reality.
Apple's registered design for a handheld computer
Non sequitor: I love summer. Pool parties are second best to dance parties.
Thank you, God.
Wayne Terrial Davis, 29, Fort Meade, Md.
Imagine that, an individual, although we know it’s a particular faction, attacks a faith group knowing the reaction it may cause, knowing that in the ensuing conflict created by them somebody may get killed and they don’t care ,they really don’t care. AAWR operates somewhat differently to most nationalist sites, rather than adopting the new line, we and certainly this writer believes that traditional nationalism is the only way, that contestation of any and all groups who undermine, attack or exploit us is both desirable and indeed necessary. Indeed it is easy to look about us, to view the wider world and to see the hand of Zion creating mischief, it seems that all of the world’s great religions can be attacked, that centuries old faith systems can simply be ridiculed, their adherents belittled regardless of cost to peace and stability.
Especially those that are even considering air freshner in their hoo-ha... for real, if it smells that bad, SEE A DOCTOR!
A look at China’s leaders, past and present, and their offspring, often known as ‘princelings.’
Iraq: How, Where, For Whom? runs until June 8, free. Opening times: (020) 7370-9990. John Heartfield runs at Tate Modern until the end of December 2012, free. Opening times: (020) 7887-8000.
(1) Voting “yes” will help clear the way to accessing cheap and abundant funding from the ESM in 2014. The jury is out on whether or not a “no” vote will allow us put the kibosh on the ESM fund for everyone else, and the uncertainty may damage our interests. Just this week, a ratings agency Standard and Poor’s warned that a “no” vote would have a negative impact on our credit rating “in the short term”. And that makes sense, if the market thinks there is no backup fund available to the country, it will see a greater risk of default and demand a higher interest rate if we do get back into the bond market, which we are scheduled to do in the latter part of 2013.
It is the sort of thinking we've come to expect, sort of bonehead dumb solutions to everything. No jobs? Start your own business... because no one has dibs on that part of the market and you can just jump right in and put a JoeMart next to the Walmart and become a billionaire! Solve issues with public schools by sending everyone to private schools, and while you're at it close down the state colleges and universities and send EVERYONE to Harvard! I'm sure they can handle 17 million incoming freshmen every semester!
Jude the Obscure, Part 1 – Two star-crossed lovers defy social norms in Burning Coal’s original two-part musical adaptation of the 1895 Thomas Hardy novel. Adaptated by Ian Finley, Jerome Davis, and Bruce Benedict. Directed by Jerome Davis. Presented in rolling repertory with Part 2 (opening April 19). This week: Thursday-Saturday 7:30, Sunday 2:00. Continues through May 5.
Male: 976 (97.6%)
She fed the addiction in the hard years
Here it comes
What did I drink when watching this tosh? Two 275ml bottles of Carlsberg Export. Figure the units yourself.
Craft is such a wonderful way to bring people together. It can be a bridge between older and younger women who want to learn various needle crafts, it is the vehicle that transports the household crafts our great grandmas used to decorate their homes and clothe their families to us to use in a modern way, and it brings people together to teach and learn in a way few other activities can. I am looking forward to today - we start at 12.30pm, just after the shared lunch, and go till 2.30pm. Everyone is welcome to join us.
“Good” and “bad” are not perfect synonyms for benefic and malefic. Understand that benefics are gentle and malefics are harsh. Gentle things are more pleasant, so they feel “benefic” or “good” on the surface – but harsh things are also important and have good, important roles in our lives, even though they feel difficult, bad and “malefic” on the surface. If you want to explore this in a little more detail you can read my article on Male vs. Female / Malefic vs. Benefic.
After you've had your fill of the brewery in Milton you'll probably want to head to Rehoboth Beach. The easiest way to get there? Just follow one of the other cars leaving the brewery... I bet 90% of the people leave the brewery and go straight to the pub. It's a short drive, maybe 10-15 minutes. It's short enough that brewery employees will go to the brewpub over their lunch break.
“One chapter at a time,” I told him. “Take it just one chapter at a time.”
Over heard in the Post Office:
If you had the chance of cooking anything for Michel Roux Jr, would you choose cheap and unlovely to look at but apparently delicious Coley, or would you pick Halibut – the king of the seas with the price tag to match? Well, you might have noticed that Masterchef contestants rarely go for the cheap cuts and (with the exception of a few episodes where they drifted down to Borough Market to sniff cheese) there’s very little focus on sourcing ingredients…this makes me worry about the profitability of the restaurants they’re going to open when they’ve won.
However, after Chua moved to UBS, HSBC reviewed the Chia accounts and requested that they be closed down, owing to the irregularity of such huge sums being channelled through it.
But — you know, but he wouldn’t probably pay much at all in taxes. And I think that, as long as the tax is not one that deters a proper investment to be able to deploy capital and to get jobs created, then lower rates are better than zero when it comes to the issue of capital gains.
Open door
Buttar answered that there was something new about this issue — Takoma Park would be joining conservative-leaning communities that have spoken out against the NDAA such as El Paso County, CO, home to five military bases including the Air Force Academy. Indeed, “quite frankly, progressives and liberals have been very slow to adopt this struggle at the elected layer,” even though at the grassroots level, Occupy camps around the country were quick to oppose the NDAA as well.
Actually, let’s set a more tangible goal. I was once a Teach for America corps member and we really like measurable goals. I will mark this month down as a successful one if I blog 20 days out of the 31 in May. (Also, if I pack up my house for the move, sell at least $400 worth of stuff on Ebay, and finish all of my work on time for my writing class, and lose 20 pounds.)
Of me and you
That being said, however, I’ve decided to just write posts of what would have been pages turned into chapters turned into a book of what would have been my Life as a Scatterbrain book; on here!
Lexie Kelly, an open-water swimmer from California, is in Cayman to help organise the annual Flowers Sea Swim in June, and she will be taking part in a five-mile channel crossing between the two Sister Islands on Saturday, alongside another swimmer and a kayaker.
Bin gar keine Russin, stamm’ aus Litauen, echt deutsch.
After that, I got back in the tub and labored awhile longer. At 1pm my midwife checked again and I was at a 10. I was a bit shocked when she told me. I kept thinking, I feel no urge to push. I told her and she reassured me some women don't, she told me my water hadn't broken yet and that could be why, she we got to work trying to get my water broken. I bounced on the yoga ball, swayed with Marc, and stomped around my house before my midwife finally said she would break my water if it hadn't in 30 minutes. Around 1:40 pm, she broke my water. It was a relieving feeling, I felt lighter. The contractions were back and worse. I was laying on my bed wiggling around trying to move to alleviate the pain. It hit me right after the contraction that I still felt no urge to push, she told me to relax back in the tub and to push with each contraction, with that she told my mom and sisters to come outside with her so that Marc and I could be alone for awhile.
Disclosure of Material Connection: I received this e-book free from Tyndale as part of their Blogger Review program. I was not required to write a positive review. The opinions I have expressed are my own. I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission’s 16 CFR, Part 255: “Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising.”
- Never be afraid to ask for help.
Thankfully with a little venting via my wife I was able to gain control of my emotions and the urge to eat. They stayed with me until my head hit the pillow last night but I was able pull back the reigns and avoid opening the refrigerator.
Still need some drawings for your disclosure? Click here for Context Free Design Grammar where you can use your randomly assembled paper's as a text file input to spit out a neat graphic.
Here are some thoughts to consider in this passage. David’s eulogy is a psalm that mourns the deaths of Saul and Jonathan. David mourns over the defeat of Israel and the death of many Israelites, but this is not the focus of his psalm. His psalm expresses explicitly his sorrow over the deaths of Saul and Jonathan. The Amalekite messenger thought the news of the deaths of Saul and Jonathan would be good news to David. He was wrong. This psalm tells us that David feels a deep sense of loss and sorrow because of their deaths. David genuinely grieves over these men dying.
I need to choose lights for the posts and a chandelier type light for under neath the entry. You can see the yellow electrical wires in the picture.
Now given the nature of my blog, I typically only consider food-related reviews, but when I was recently offered an opportunity to review the online dating site eHarmony, I jumped at the chance.
of wrinkles surrounding one radar-like eye. A patch covers
1/4 cup pecorino or parmesan, plus more for serving
Wear My Ring Around Your Neck 2:28
My guess is that I'll be seeing them almost daily now that the fawn is past the first week. Petunia visits everyday and the fawn will visit with her. It was amazing to hear the adorable sounds of a nursing baby deer which I'd heard with Petunia when I was bottle feeding her. I forgot just how sweet that sound is. Yes, it is the simple sound of a baby fawn nursing that makes my whole day.
INT: 2d6 (7)
Well we must do something about that. I am in celebratory mood. I would like to offer a give away as a shameless way of getting more comments. I do so very love them you see. Well nice ones that is. Seen a few crappy ones this week. Mostly anonymous lurkers that pop up and assassinate perfectly lovely sweet people on sweet cooking and making blogs.Now that's all I am going to say as it courts fury and that is not what this blog is about. Its only crochet and crafts, a few mostly blurry photos and some drivel.
Mammút - Svefnsykt
Mata asobou, ne! (Tell you more about Tanukis next post!)
Zephirine Drouhin
The other part of me secretly wondered what time of day might be best. Just when might no one notice a forty-something woman putting down her purse, taking off her shoes, and slipping under the center of the very back pew?
With 300 blogs I follow, sometimes I forgets ^^"
Cool card revoked.
That you stay surrounding me, surrounding me.
still havent got camera with large enough head so big dax
5) Lay Down Sally
Archived entries are also accepted...
That is for the dramatists. For the mathematicians out there, you might decide to subdivide each beat into sixths, since, naturally, this is the lowest common denominator. And so you've again come up with a simple answer to a simple question...right?
"Gracious Elf," spoke up Jalal. "If that be true I must ask you for your help. There are others held captive, they have worked alongside me and one I hold dear to me as kin."
In our previous post, Using Net Promoter Score to Measure Social Media Effectiveness, we took a look at Net Promoter Score as a social media metric. In this post, we look at some other social media metrics, including Online Promoter Score.
How excited are we about Chef Zimmern's participation? Hmmm, let's see: our guest judge for Eating Your Words 2010 is also slated to be a guest judge on Bravo's Top Chef Masters, Season Two . . . We. Are. Excited.
From within the transaction we call each of the private table insert methods. Here is an example of the committees insert method:
I wrote this article a few years ago when I was still working as a staff nurse on a busy acute admissions ward at our local mental health unit on the edge of the New Forest, Hampshire, UK
A movie shot entirely in black and white was a good choice to convey how lifeless these characters lives are. O’Halloran had some very good moments in this film. There was a long continuous shot between two characters that lasted roughly five minutes was great.
The Controller after consulting the international agreements on intellectual property including TRIPS,
Thrusday I was feeling a lot better and wanted to get my kids out but I felt guilty knowing I was still considered contagious. I love my neighborhood and the friends I have here, because with out hardly asking they took my kids out on bike rides, to the park, to climb the tree etc. They were great. And even though I was feeling better it was nice to have that break, to get caught up on my house which looked like.....well, it looked like I had been sick for three days :)
6 Paz e futebol
Available at most locations of the popular fast-food outlet for as little as $1.49, it’s practically a meal in itself. A soft flour tortilla wraps around rice, beans, a blend of three cheeses, lettuce, tomatoes, sour cream and guacamole, like a protective mother wraps her arms around her children. Spicy scamps that they are, the ingredients try to ooze free as you eat the burrito. But they are doomed instead to satisfy even the heartiest hunger, except maybe for that glob that landed on your shirt.
Everywhere that Mary went,
It's hard not to watch a bunch of people surrounded by spiders and not wonder what may be crawling up from under the couch.
DK: It identifies the audience and opportunities for our clients and puts numbers against them. The CMR effectively becomes a template for a multiplatform sales pitch and a key tool in the selling of advertising around a brand and audience, as opposed to simply selling a single platform.
Thank you for teaching me about love, and life, and dreams that come true.
gloom of the grave:
There’s nothing notable on the production side of things. Sure, the girls are cute, but not memorably so. Backgrounds aren’t ugly, but not really stand-out, either. If there was background music, it wasn’t good enough to take note of.
Pick #4: Yoon Mirae (<U+C724><U+BBF8><U+B798>)
I have a new love for coconuts. Everytime I go to the store I’m scooping up a multiple coconut waters just because it makes you feel so good! Coconut oil is another one of my faves. I bought a jar of it at Trader Joe’s because my friend Lex was tellin me about how nutritious it is, and here’s just a tidbit of info on that!
Leave it to Coloradans to give it a beer name.
Aaah. Internets, there is something just so indescribably glorious about sitting on a beach-facing balcony on a clear August night, punctuated by the odd early Perseid meteor, with a few excellent friends and a vast (and frankly shocking) amount of alcohol at one's disposal. I just love it.
These ribs came from a book by Charmaine Solomon but I modified them a bit and they are a super tasty alternative to barbecue.
- Your debut song is already very strong.
“I urge, then, first of all, that requests, prayers, intercession and thanksgiving be made for everyone, for kings and all those in authority, that we may live peaceful and quiet lives in all godliness and holiness.” (NIV)
Parliamentary candidates do not represent you, as was originally intended, they represent the policies of their party leaders
PS - the print is a huge bonus. I got the firetrucks print called "Ladder6".
Thank you for being patient with me when I have my "less than perfect" moments.
This has to be my most favourite item of all the items I was sent. The scrummy looking cupcake is a pin cushion, and is now my prized possession on my dressing table :) It can fit a large number of pins and very eye catching.
While this is spiteful, hurtful, disgusting and not least of all concerning regarding the attitudes of some men to rape, what happened next is, in my opinion, far more serious. People started naming the victim.
Side B starts with Motus Vita Est from Yugoslavia. Tracks from their demo tape. Released an album on Sacro Egoismo in 1990.
Deposit to secure your seat: $476.25. Get in fast to secure your spot. We have a limited number of seats available.
In any case, the entombed drill will presumably outlast the city it sleeps beneath; indeed, if it is ever seen again, it will be a much more geological resurrection. As Alex Trevi of Pruned suggested over email, the machine will be "left there, perhaps forever, and will only surface when NYC rises up in a new mountain range and starts eroding."
The first activity features a short clip from Saturday Night Live that you may have seen called “La Policía Mexicana.” By now the students have learned almost all the words in the video, and in the video they say “no sé” several times. It is also a pretty entertaining skit that pokes some fun at how Spanish classes typically operate. I am hoping the students will feel good about how much Spanish they know from the video. As an extension activity, I could have students make a similar skit on their own, or give them the outline of the original skit and have them change the details.
Mom - You had an epidural all 3 times. Not the same.
I’m going to publish this novel. That’s right. Game on.
How sweet is this digi scrapped page by my sweet friend and talented BLD Designer,
2 Serve the LORD with gladness! Come into his presence with singing!
Shifting weight also demands a shift in aero balance, for Mercedes this means more rear downforce. this cannot come purely from more rear wing angle as the drag that produces will slow straight lien speeds. So ideally greater diffuser development is needed. the team have been quick to get a passive F-duct running, this will certainly aid the ability to run more rear end downforce, but they must be careful its benefit is not eaten up by the need to run more rear wing or sales they will lose the advantage it gives other teams.
IRL, I place my trust in God and try to find peace knowing He won't let us starve (He hasn't). But, I am still angry. And there is no where for that anger to go, least of all where it is directed (at the money-grubbing whore).
“Half of the adults but only a quarter of the children we interviewed spoke Domari,” she added. “Language is a marker of their ethnic identity and it seems parents are trying to suppress it to protect their children from the discrimination they experienced.”
Again, rewriting is brutal business. It's one thing to rewrite a 1500 word blog essay, but working through 65,000 words is a much bigger fish to fry. But we each stayed the course. And now here I sit, version 2.0 on my screen, just about to hit the send button on the email its attached to, bound for Paradise Copies. As I tell this tale, I savor a fresh wave of satisfaction for sticking with it through another tough write-around.
I want to believe that my decorating and clothing styles are intimately related.
That rejection remains the core of the conflict. However problematic, settlements are not the main obstacle to an agreement. Both former Prime Ministers Ehud Barak and Ehud Olmert offered to uproot dozens of settlements and concentrate the rest in "blocs" along the border to enable Palestinian territorial contiguity. Palestinian leaders dismissed those offers.
In our culture, sadly, I think most of us believe we are not enough because our worth needs to be constantly earned. There is a continual striving to do more, to achieve more, and to acquire more. If we do this, it will somehow make us worthy. In this paradigm, life is very conditional. There is always more to do, achieve, and acquire. Living this way can be exhausting. Most of us live with some level of shame because we will never measure up.
Source: Zara
put all ingredients except for the water into a blender or food processor or use a stick blender (i use a bamix) and process until smooth adding filtered water if necessary to achieve the consistency desired..scoop into a bowl and eat immediately while it's still frozen..
What follows is going to sound like “I told you so”, but bear with me: I have an important point to make here that has nothing to do with YRIHF. I’ve made the point before, but this time I intend to be far more focused about it.
I can't remember the last time I saw the sun. I think we're on our 12th day without sun. 3 days of iced-in goodnes and the rest have been Seattle wet dreams...misty and grungey. Before that I had a plague that kept me bed ridden, feverish and away from food...and beer.
(screams)
One of the best parts of transferring to BYU was getting the opportunity to take a Hindi class. Hindi, in addition to being the language of Bollywood cinema, is closely related to Urdu, a language with a poetic tradition I'm particularly enthralled with, and to my grandfather's native language, Punjabi (which, despite my great-grandmother's efforts, I'd never learned). Understandably, the small liberal arts college I came from did not offer Hindi, so I was very excited to be in a school that did.
The company I purchased my mini computer from was Express PC Parts. I liked how thorough they were with pictures on their website, plus links to manufacturers the parts were from. At a glance, I could see what I was getting and if it was going to suit my purposes. The only downside was it came with Windows Vista that was originally installed on the hard drive. But I deleted it when I installed Ubuntu.
As Ted Belman, better known as the “Israpundit” wrote:
Oh my sugar overload.
- Aprons
I still hate my black hair, only thing I like about it is I get to do my brows super defined and dark!
-- There are some people that if they don't know, you can't tell them.
I am a child of The King.
Vegetables-
The sheer random chance of such an encounter was part of the danger inherent in the setting. On the other hand, you could encounter a group of giant rats or one cave bear by itself. There needs to be more random elements to things while providing players, in the option of the stone giants, with the opportunity to retreat if and when needed.
Sweet Jesus
In the chapter of Allan Sekula’s Dismal Science about his 2002 project Fish Story, Sekula talks about how major newspapers no longer cover the sea besides “stories of disaster, war and exodus,” a journalistic approach that compresses the sea into a “weirdly blasé and episodic faux-sublimity.” But his writing can also be creatively misread to describe voyages on cruise ships: “The sea is the site of intermittent horrors and extraordinary but tried expenditures of energy, quite distinct form the dramas of everyday life” (53). Doesn’t this sound a bit like Deleuze’s maritime model of smooth and striated space, where man intervenes with striation to distance himself from the threat of the sea’s formlessness?
I can say the upside of being feverish is the lovely blush to my cheeks. Except when the fever spikes and then I look like a clown who forget to take off her rouge. Everything else is pale and white, and my cheeks have gigantic bright red apples on them. Hence, the need to keep the fever at or below 100. So far, so good, today.
Before I went on my Walk to Emmaus event, a friend at church said to me, "I can't wait to see you after your Walk! I can't wait to see you on fire!"
Historical Drift: Must My Church Die may need to be read by those who choose to change some priorities of their ministry.
Observers in the Reno-Sparks area of Nevada reported seeing a fireball at about 8 a.m. local time, accompanied or followed by a thunderous clap that experts said could have been a sonic boom from the meteor or the sound of it breaking up high over the Earth.
Sign-up now to secure your spot!
What the winning GOP candidate needs is to tell America, and the world, who his Cabinet will be. Do that, and the Dems do not stand a chance.
Here’s a few pics!
18. But the Drys had been beaten. Prohibition continued to recede, the WCTU became a joke, the ASL withered and died (corrupt itself, at the end), and "temperance" was forgotten. The New Drys, the neo-prohibitionists, didn't really start to re-group until the 1960s, when they found a new home among the Science Geniuses and the Safety Nazis, the good people who were going to save us from ourselves with Science. They realized that Prohibition had been tried, and failed. They openly announced that they would bring their new order to the nation by limiting access to booze (liquor license procedures), by tightening who could drink (the 21 LDA), by re-defining "drunk" (the 0.08 BAC DUI limit), and by raising excise taxes. And that's what they've been hammering away on ever since, with some success.
Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio have endorsed Romney
“No, we must see if he’s… playing the fiddle.”
On March 3, 1963, Cline, though ill with the flu, gave a performance at a benefit show at the Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Hall, Kansas City, Kansas, for the family of a disc jockey, Cactus Jack Call, who had recently died in an automobile accident. Also performing on the show were George Jones, George Riddle and The Jones Boys, Billy Walker, Dottie West, Cowboy Copas, Hawkshaw Hawkins, Wilma Lee and Stoney Cooper, and George McCormick and the Clinch Mountain Clan. The three shows, at 2:PM 5:15 and 8:PM were standing-room only. For the 2:PM show, she wore a sky-blue tulle-laden dress, for the 5:15 show a red shocker and for the closing show at 8:PM Cline wore a white chiffon gown and closed the show with her performance to a thunderous ovation. Her last song was the last one she recorded during her last sessions the previous month, “I’ll Sail My Ship Alone”.
“Why would I form a trust to do illegal activities and put my child in that trust and my grandmother in that trust?”
We know that the English people, the great majority do not want to pay ”useless” (i would say helpless) people.
How many of you out there use lists? How often? All the time? Just wondering :)
I usually expect ideas to just come to me. I will get on with the job as I have been told to do it and hope that fresh ideas on making the process better will just formulate in my head. And sometimes it works. Understanding the system already in place allows me to then build on it. But as I get busier and have a lot more to think about the ideas stop coming. There is just no room in my head to formulate new ideas!
The Kansas City ordinance is a model of how legislation should be crafted. The original plan was to simply increase enforcement. Some members of the City Council objected on behalf of home school parents who feared their children would be unfairly targeted by police. A compromise was reached by which the Kansas City School District and the Kansas City Police Department would use attendance records to
Round 2: Ch 8. Sl st in same st. *Ch 8. Sl st in next st. Repeat from * around, with the final sl st in the base of the first ch loop. Finish off, weave in ends or leave ends for tying onto hat.
and power sliding my way around the front lawn................
- The attacks are real, stealthy, persistent, and can devastate our nation.
- She loves to jump on the trampoline.
“I’m mostly better. I’ll go to work.”
The next day, while Uncle Robert worked, Aunt Susan showed me around Madrid. Honestly, I wish I knew what to say. Having someone show you around is very different from finding things yourself. 1) You don’t really remember the names of things, because you aren’t hunting them down, and 2) you don’t get STRESSED hunting things down and getting hopelessly lost. So even though I can’t tell you the names of anything I saw, I can tell you that I LOVED having someone there to show me the sights and explain the culture. I hadn’t really spent much time with Aunt Susan in the past, so I really enjoyed getting to hang out with her while seeing Madrid.
of another failure
New Air-conditioned Mario Bros.New Air-conditioned Mario Bros.
The problem seems to stem from a belief that the grape has to be picked when super-ripe in order to show the full of array of aromas and flavours. As a consequence the wines can often be oily instead of delicate and leave an unbalanced bitter aftertaste – unless severely chilled.
Is it academic security that has prompted such an outcry from academic librarians in Canada and the US? To some extent, yes. Why?
2. Fluffy kitten
Which she leveled at Kenneth.
I was invited over His lap, a concession on His part that I was/am very thankful for...and He even started off with a quick hand warm-up. Then He started in with that darn paddle. Each set was a build-up in speed and power. I was kicking and ouching, and trying to move away, and even told Him once to stop. Not my best behavior. He would stop and talk and calm me and start again. Finally He started on a set and I just lay there, head down, panting, but staying quiet and in place. I hear Master say, finally....acceptance. When He finishes this set, He tells me to ask for another set, saying that I want it to be the hardest yet, so I remember it for a long time, and to say it loudly and as if I mean it. Master knows this is difficult for me, so He gives me a minute or two, and I ask. He agrees and starts with the hardest,
Possible: “The Keeper” – Chris Cornell (Original Song)
The final, huge reason why I love 10 Things I Hate About You is this:
and move ever carefully
at your ankles.
The inserts were also incredibly simple, which, for me, after an emotional scene, leaves way more of an impression. This movie dives deep into the human heart and mind with wrenching emotion. I’ve never seen something so true.
And I would even go so far as to also state, there is no following without believing and there is no Luke 9:23 without John 3:16. In my mind, they are mutually exclusive. Following without believing can be as big a problem as believing without following.
Although there are exceptions, you will find that the authentic ‘natural’ farmers are God-fearing men. Every task they perform and every decision they make, is done only on approval from their Creator. This is the foundation upon which they base their success, --- and also their failures. Their day begins with prayer and thanksgiving at first light, and ends that way when they lay their weary heads down to rest. ‘Idleness’ and ‘laziness’ does not exist in their vocabulary, and you will find that they are rather intolerant towards those who have such traits.
Make a loop at the end of the wire using round nose or wire looping pliers. Wrap the wire around an ear wire jig, wig jig or mandrel. You can also form the the ear wire by hand by draping the wire over your finger.
Merry & Bright by Little by Little Designs
The Boathouse,
Just to be sure.
I think less is more. Therefore the collection of red and beige candles will be 86'd from my fireplace soon enough. Cause I really really really don't like over done, over accessorized and random crazy colors like teal, red, oranges and yellow and random spots. Again, I like the subtlety and zen. =D
These reflections are, as the blog itself, not meant to be done when it is posted. The Mishnah and the study of it take time, so I will return to this post and add to it when the time allows it. And of course I will make sure to notice when the last update was done.
Below we show some of the basics for men.
the new lights are up and waiting
Sagreswas rather magical and a great place for a ‘day off’. The castle takes up all of the cliff top at the end of the village, giving panoramic views of the coastline. It became a naval academy under Henry ‘ the navigator’, turning out enough sailors that could find their way around the sea – hence ‘navigator’, to turn Portugal into quite a world power.
One last note...I live in Texas, so some of the proper nouns are indigenous to my great state. If you'd like the Word version of this station so you can make any necessary changes to proper nouns that might be more recognizable to your students, just leave me a comment with your email.
The new argument being used by the Contra Costa Taxpayers Association is to claim Firefighters dominate the $100k pension club. But in taking a closer look at their pension club, none of the names on that list show up from our East Contra Costa County Fire Protection list.
Now onto our challenge for this fortnight and the theme is
As the single mother of a teenage son, the last thing Tara needs is the jet-set lifestyle of Mick Riley; even though their steamy and passionate one-night stand was unforgettable. Tara’s life is complicated enough without being thrust into the spotlight as Mick’s latest girl du jour. Tara played the game of love once and lost big, and she doesn’t intend to put herself out there again, especially with a heartbreaker like Mick.
I absolutely cannot stop raving about the card base cardstock that I have recently discovered at CutCardstock. I know it is something we really don't "see" in our creations, but let me tell you how sturdy it is and how easy it folds and creases. The metallic iridescence is beautiful. No more cards bending under the weight of the embellishments and no more "crack" when I score my card base. Check out the link to the cardstock I use here. Design Paper is from Cart-Us - "Wedding" 6x6 pad. Flowers and metal embellishments from WOC.
"Yeah, I know," I said then wanted to kick myself. Yeah ya big dork! Let him know that you stalk him on a regular basis. DOH!
Sweet crib
1/2 tsp nutmeg
Elijah: Mommy, I don’t have imagination! Imagination is for girls and I’m a boy!
He laid a blanket on the floor and the three of them sat down and helped themselves to the selection of meat, bread, cheese, fruit, and pastries. They washed it all down with a bottle of mead, which they passed around, having forgotten to bring cups.
Such behaviour passes off in many people’s books as “aggro” alias “killer instinct”. Their logic is, this is a big tournament, there is a lot at stake for “India”. This is the way players let off steam and, anyway, don’t other sides do it too?
Great excerpt! Word count: 409. What car would you like to take for a spin out of the Indie Garage today, Amy?
I try the tactic of encouraging my kids and giving them assistance when they get frustrated, but Little S is NEVER this calm at home! This is the child that screams in frustration when she can’t get on her shoe on the first try. I’ve even enlisted some deep breathing techniques to help her reduce her frustration levels… which helps calm her a bit, but her performance at school was that of an angel!
Mr Waters offered me Enid Blyton's autograph and I said the 50s equivalent of "yah-hah!" but added "how can you get it?" "Very easily," he said, not looking a bit like Wedge Antilles with a hearing aid, "She's my wife."
– Hebrews 10:24
I had this science class. In the spectacular sporadic and brief time I attended a public high school. I had by that time rebelled against private education because I wanted to be able to be myself and not hanging out with kids who wore socks with polo logos on them and had been turned upside down by neighbor girl who was “much older” and more sophisticated. I mean by a whole three years! At that time that was a lot. She was in love with my abrother as it seemed most girls were. His girl-peers would ask me what his favorite color was, his middle name. I was threatened with bodily-harm by him if I revealed that he liked the color blue or his actually cool middle name.
and they're off!
part of a large group of people who remedied Altgeld Gardens. You failed to
The Singles “I’ll be there for You”, “Bad Medicine”, “Livin on a Prayer”, and “You Give Love a Bad Name”, all reached #1 on the Billboard Top-40 Charts.
am afraid to love. I am afraid to stay in this relationship, this union where there are no real guarantees. Marriage, in all of it's beauty and glory and promise, is so fragile and needy. As if any moment it could all fall apart and end tragically. It's risky to be so vulnerable. It feels foolish sometimes to keep trying and going when the odds seem so stacked against us. I guess at the end of the day, I still believe that we are worth fighting for. That we are made for each other. That he is the man I still want to do life with. That it's not just marriage I believe in - I believe in our marriage.
And thus God said to Adam, “Because you have listened to the voice of your wife, and have eaten from the tree about which I commanded you, saying, ‘You shall not eat from it’; Cursed is the ground because of you; In toil you will eat of it All the days of your life. Both thorns and thistles it shall grow for you; And you will eat the plants of the field; By the sweat of your face You will eat bread, Till you return to the ground, Because from it you were taken; For you are dust, And to dust you shall return.”
Yesterday was my first full day in Vegas. While waking up at 6am to answer East Coast emails after only 5 and a half hours of sleep was pretty miserable, I have to say that I am actually enjoying being here. I think what I am enjoying most about it (besides the whole not sitting in my cubicle for 9+ hrs a day) is that for the most part, everyone here is in such a great mood. Everywhere you look there is a smiling face, a group of friends laughing, or someone slapping high fives after a win at the black jack table. Even though I spent 14+ hours working today, I ended the day feeling energized and happy because of all the excitement around me.
The SAIRR said if the police were truly shocked, then it suggested that "the police’s senior management is out of touch with the reality of life on the ground for people in areas such as Gugulethu who have been left to run the gauntlet of violent crime on a horrific scale".
210H--Apple
Lurking behind the scenes at the EWC-UH all along with Stanley Armour, Madelyn, Ann Dunham and Obama Jr. during his most impressionistic years was one of Helm’s Cyberneticist Boys, the infamous MK ULTRA British Godfather and Mind Control Expert, Dr. Gregory Bateson.
And the night of death was past.
How could I going on on you
It’s a crazy world out there. Help make some sense somewhere, will you?
Just image a meal, beginning to end, with cheese featured at every course. I think this is a very cool idea. This may be the only such restaurant in the world. I am not aware of any restaurants in Canada doing this.
Forget fast food, processed foods and eating out frequently. Even if you’re on a tight budget, you can still serve healthful, tasty meals.
* Inserting a VHS tape into a VCR to watch a movie or to record something
· Chips and dip
And let’s not forget our seasonal fixed price lunch menu, with a single course for £7.90, two for £9.90 and three for £10.90. We change the dishes every month and they vary between each restaurant, so you can keep trying something different without breaking the bank. We’ll be tweeting pictures of our specials boards from each restaurant from time to time, so be sure to follow us on Twitter (@lemistralbistro) and keep an eye out for them.
Trackable: Track what you put out and not just bin it. Your links, posts, images and videos all add to your brand’s social capital. So, track that link going out, find out who retweets you and what. At the end of the day establish a benchmark for you- weekly and monthly. Compare it your efforts and find out how you are performing. Eventully its the ROI that matters based on your business goals. So, don’t forget to track your content and its effectivess. Possibly you have got your call to action wrong – how many downloaded that white paper you sent out or was that branded video which got most traffic to your website. Develop a set of metrics for yourself, without making it too complicated and geeky.
Yes, it's the smallest headline and shortest article on that page.
It was a link for potty training "in one day". I knew that Lizzy was 100% capable of going to the bathroom in the toilet, but just preferred to be able to play all day. Also, in our previous attempts, I hadn't done a very good job of being really, really consistent. I also hadn't done a great job of giving Lizzy my absolute, undivided attention. So, I thought this might be a good fit for us, and immediately started telling her that on Friday, we were going to have a "special potty day". On Thursday, we went to pick out special snacks and juices, and started talking about how the day was going to go on Friday.
c. A knife
When it comes to Choice: A lovely poem you would love
I wish there were a cure for her disease. Thanatophoric Dysplasia is a heartbreaking diagnosis. It is very surreal to carry a baby, all the while knowing she is just fine - healthy and happy inside of you... yet knowing that moments after she is born her life will be cut short in a heartbreaking way. I will tell you this - I don't regret one moment of it.
I am thinking...about a family from my church. Their precious three year old daughter was diagnosed with brain cancer a few months ago. They are an inspiring family. Please pray with me for the Douglas family. Their daughter's name is Madi. You can visit her CaringBridge journal here: Madi
“Hi there, I don’t know you, but my phone bill is huge this month, I don’t suppose you’d care to slip me a couple of quid?”
Things to consider:
Our new Canon Sureshot A1200 malfunctioned during the tour, so I didn’t get many pictures. It is going back and a new one is on the way. We have not had good luck with cameras.
It’s a strong desire. And even with that strong desire to WRITE not take photos, I find myself feeling inadequate because I have an Android phone and not an iphone and iphone works better with INSTAGRAM. Everyone who blogs knows that Instagram just looks feckin’ cool. I have a droid, therefore I might as well be wearing knock off jeans at a school full of rich kids.
Since 1994 more people have been dying in South Africa on a regular monthly basis than in any other full-scale war anywhere in the World.
I hate to run. I’ve never been a fan, even when I played soccer, and I did that for 13+ years. But that doesn’t explain why, in the past two days, I’ve agreed to run two 5k races this summer. I have quite possibly lost my mind. But I’m doing it, because once you commit, there’s no going back. At least not in my world. So, it looks like this girl will be hustling the next few months to get ready.
It’s the reason to be and the strength to do.
I got everyone settled, poured out the drinks and passed the nibbles, and then went into the kitchen to start the cooking. I looked at the huge turkey sitting there and it looked back at me. I will tame you bitch I thought to myself, and then began to cook. We had enough to feed a small army and I only had a small oven, so it became a hot game of Jenga trying to figure out ways to fit all of the trays and whatnot into it. I had a momentary panic when I thought that my stuffing balls weren’t cooking, but that passed in time. I’m pretty sure it was me whispering, “ Cook you tiny bastards” at them. I felt like a safecracker as I was hunched over the temperature dial, just teasing another little extra bit of heat and watching for things that might be burning.
2 pounds strawberries
Strong eyes, fine limbs, haughty athletes,
My love of classic soul and genuine R&B grooves just hasn't been reflected in this here blog of late, so there I was the other day, blasting William DeVaughn's wonderful 'Be Thankful For What You've Got' (a hit in 1974) so all the neighbours could enjoy it as well and I knew I'd be bunging this one up pretty soon. Then I remembered Massive Attack's version from their first album, Blue Lines (1991) and wanted to throw that one at you. In the end, you have a choice. Choose both. Beautiful. Enjoy.
What is a better way to celebrate Valentine’s Day than to crown a winner? :) We want to thank you all for participating and leaving such sweet comments about the new stamps and the fab creations on the Design Team Blogs! Thank you!
At her UNMC lab, research is done on respiratory diseases such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and other environmental factors such as meth.
The printed section on the stationary are instructions to the prisoner and recipient of the letter which I didn't spend the time translating since they didn't hold much information of interest to me. The last few sentences however stick in my mind: Der Tag der Entlassung kann noch nicht gegeben werden. Besuchen im Lager sind verboten. Umfragen sind zwecklos. Release dates cannot be given. Visits to the prison are forbidden. Requests are useless. Very Kafka-esque in it's finality.
I have taken a pic for you to see.. All you do is roll a little ball at the end of a wooden tooth pick or skewer..(it does need to be wood) then this picks up the Gem allowing you to place it perfect every time.. just roll the blue tack applicator off to the side and you are done..
3. On The Run 5:47
This seems like a good place to stop this post – more about the fate of the Lancashire cotton industry is to follow in later posts…
Unfortunately, I now have very little ties to him. You see, I now understand that in some ways, I was one of a few friends who helped him through a time of loneliness. After trial and error, Jim found a beautiful lady to live his life with. She was everything he wanted in a woman. Pretty, petite, wants kids and is great with them, and also the wife who will bend over backwards for his spoiled ass. Yes, Jim is spoiled. I admire him in the way that he asks and seems to receive. Is that a God thing? Maybe.
At this point in time – now
Cork is Portugal; tile is Portugal. Hope you like it! :)
With Universidad de Chile dominating all that came before them in 2011, it was really a no contest when it came to deciding who should be manager of the year. Jorge Sampaoli, very much a disciple of fellow Argentinean Marcelo Bielsa had La U playing a style of game that Rupert Fryer described as high-pressing, high-tempo, high-energy and high-pretty-much-everything. Their style of play was joy to watch scoring goals a-plenty but also were miserly in defence only conceding two in the successful Copa Sudamericana campaign. Already touted as a possible replacement for Claudio Borghi, Sampaoli wasn’t afraid to mix it up tactically and in this aspect in our eyes is superior to both the current and former managers of the national team. The only thing questionable about Sampaoli is his sense of fashion (see above).
Thursday last, the wife and I attended a spaghetti dinner held for the benefit of a Haitian school being rebuilt after that horrible earthquake. That school, for the last 17 years has been supported by The Haiti-Laurentides Committee of l’École Secondaire Augustin-Norbert-Morin, in Ste-Adèle, about 60 kilometers North-West of Montreal in the Laurentian mountains.
Robbed the blind, and beat up cripples,
67 Hanson Place, Brooklyn
Lastly, I must pass this Glitter E. Yaynus award on to five deserving bloggers whose blogging style reminds me of the criteria for the Glitter E. Yaynus award but since I’m not quite sure what that criteria is, I’m making up my own criteria. Now, Les likened his slate of nominees to Death Row and H.E. likened hers to a Prom Court. Since I have not spent time in prison or at a prom, I’m going to liken my slate of nominees to an insane asylum or more specifically to the crazy train on route to said insane asylum.
What a great celebration! I will always be proud of my girls, how they have grown, from little kindergarten Daisy GS to high school senior Ambassador GS, and become such fine young responsible women! Good luck to them in all their endeavors, thanks to the devoted Moms. It’s been an amazing journey and a true pleasure!
And then I think of my own life: how often does Jesus make himself known in my life; how often does he enter into my heart, and I don’t see it? Or, better yet, I don’t like that he’s there?
Why Yes! Don’t mind if I do!
Q. You describe yourself as a “reformed newspaper man.” Any advice for those going through a similar change?
Looks like this:
I will, in the future, attempt to refrain from posting a bunch of weepy shite that makes all you men out there go "Jesus, her Aunt Flo's visiting," and the women say "Fuck me, is there no chocolate in her house? My mother-in-law is not that whiny!" As a side note, the painters were not in, but that's beside the point.
Cream cardstock ( for the base)
they've gone through lots of mud, puke, and blood. oh i bet these shoes have seen it all.
ICC
These other new fabrics are from a new supplier and they are called Long Live Vintage. They have been selling really well. On the vintage theme I must tell you about The Textile Rag and Remnant Rummage sale which is taking place at Trull Memorial Hall, nr Taunton on Saturday 3rd March. If you want to find out more visit thevintagebazaar.blogspot.com
Allison Sekemoto survives in the Fringe, the outermost circle of a vampire city. By day, she and her crew scavenge for food. By night, any one of them could be eaten. Some days, all that drives Allie is her hatred of them. The vampires who keep humans as blood cattle. Until the night Allie herself is attacked—and given the ultimate choice. Die or become one of the monsters. Faced with her own mortality, Allie becomes what she despises most. To survive, she must learn the rules of being immortal, including the most important: go long enough without human blood, and you will go mad. Then Allie is forced to flee into the unknown, outside her city walls. There she joins a ragged band of humans who are seeking a legend—a possible cure to the disease that killed off most of humankind and created the rabids, the mindless creatures who threaten humans and vampires alike. But it isn’t easy to pass for human. Especially not around Zeke, who might see past the monster inside her. And Allie soon must decide what—and who—is worth dying for.
seeing clearly sometimes shows my sin,
Pretty good, especially in the post-Scream era of self-aware hipsters who sarcastically deconstruct the movies they star in. I still think the story would have made more sense if he Natalie and Michelle characters had switched roles, but most of the kills were creatively staged and fun. Oh, and many of the kills needed to be
One TEM equals to one euro. The barter system operates on an online network where they can post things they want or offer. The online network also saves your TEM credit which you accumulate from the things you had offered. The network is free to join and anyone can sign up for it on its website.
That ridiculous message, that a crucified God is real, and that he chooses to dwell in weak and flawed human beings like all of us here, is still bringing hope all over the world. God’s foolish and weak way of working is capable of reaching the world through us, including this virtual world. The Holy Spirit lives in us and empowers us to spread the word wherever we go, just like those first apostles.
Then she asked, “How are you?” as if I was just an afterthought, or as if she just noticed I had been standing there for the past few minutes.
What were Marie-Antoinette's favorite foods? She was not constantly gorging herself on sweets as depicted in some films. On the contrary, she was quite abstemious and enjoyed good, plain food, as Anna describes in a post. To quote:
In Sunny's "California Girl" post,
But it's still a pretty fucking awesome gift, under the circumstances.
Anyway, onto the first project of the week (my goal is two projects this week but we'll see how it goes).
It wasn't until today that I remembered what used to happen when I lied, before I learned to be honest, just me, unadorned. I used to feel cared for in a way when I'd get sick or my car would break down after I had lied about it. Like Some One was saying: I won't let you make that mistake.
This need was thankfully sated when I found myself sitting in the grounds of the Red Fort, sweating profusely, next to a guy reading the Lonely Planet. Aka, the password to a fellow traveller. I took it as an invitation to start chatting, and ended up spending most of the day with Andrea, a 30 something Milanese guy, before an awkward non-hug in the Metro as we went our separate ways. That evening, alone on my cramped bed, I wasn’t certain I’d be that happy travelling around the country completely by myself. Not that the logistics were any problem – trains, planes and auto-rickshaws no longer freak me out like they first did – but the lack of anyone to share all my thoughts and observations with was already proving an issue.
4 – Focus – When working out concentrate on your biggest opponent… YOU, not on what others are doing.
If we don’t take chances
I believe in
Right now it looks like we will start with a simple long bar mounted to the wall, because its quicker to do and then do a full pull-up cage after that.
Where is the one who is wise? Where is the scribe? Where is the debater of this age? Has not God made foolish the wisdom of the world? For since, in the wisdom of God, the world did not know God through wisdom, it pleased God through the folly of what we preach to save those who believe. For Jews demand signs and Greeks seek wisdom, but we preach Christ crucified, a stumbling block to Jews and folly to Gentiles, but to those who are called, both Jews and Greeks, Christ the power of God and the wisdom of God. For the foolishness of God is wiser than men, and the weakness of God is stronger than men.
Here is a small sample of what we are just about to launch ourselves into clearing out in the garden on the side of the house. Blackberries, banana passionfruit (this one even has a fruit!) and osteospermum daisies, which to some people are their idea of “pretty flowers” but to me are right up there with boneseed and ragwort as invasive weeds. Once we liberate this side garden I can plant out my cold climate shrubs and we can start reducing our potted plants and our need to waste heaps of water on them in the summer time.
Deadline:
* If we never learned how to drive, we are likely to wreck or cause others to wreck.
I’ve been at peace before, so I know what it feels like. But he embodies it, and then shares it with others.
I love you Lilly...forever, and for always. That's one of the few things that are sure in my life.
White, Pink and Brown Cardstock from the Papermill
Well after all of that, Kit declines to say anything for the video. Next in line are Skip and Arch, the film's goofy comic relief characters. Arch, by the way, is portrayed by the same actor who played Biff in the Back to the Future films. Wow, so some of the cast are people who actually had movie careers. Nice. Skip is Muffy's cousin, and he seems to despise her side of the family because of their wealth. Let's keep an eye on him....Oh, and the guy behind the video camera is Chazz, a scruffy-looking slacker.
Of course, Roxy does not take this well when Denise approaches her about it and she goes to Claudia Joy who actually agrees with Jackie. Roxy finally agrees to go and get some nicer clothes which is very different from her usual style but Trevor approves. Now we turn to Joan and Charlie. At first, I saw that these two do not like each other one bit but when Joan is told by General Clarke that she needs to handle the complaints from the families from Fort Hope better, she decides to hold a town meeting.
By walking through a door and entering a room, we are confined and confronted by the walls, by the space within and the impressions of others.
The Brantingham church, dedicated to All Saints is a delicate Norman and Perpendicular revival church last rebuilt in the late 1870s but there have been vicars and priests recorded in the locale since the thirteenth century. The registers go back to 1690. It is lovingly tended with a neat graveyard just to the north of the village. It was a lovely still place to sit and contemplate for an hour.
HW – Vladimir Starcencov (1-0) def. Craig Hudson (0-1) via TKO (ground and pound) at 0:59 of Round 1.
There are cases for both.
It's a thorny, fascinating, and troubling question. If we are to answer @weywerdSun, I think we should start by being careful to make sure we're clear on exactly what we're asking and what is happening.
We are one now. Me, and that tiny, little girl, and that tough as nails woman with a heart so big that she was willing to take on the pain of the world. That person is me, and I am beautiful, and happy, and passionate, and talented, more than smart enough, and certainly good enough. Forgiveness I give to you now, because you are me, and I love me, and I thank you. We made it through to the other side, and on this side is healing and happiness. It’s going to be okay. I am okay, just the way that I am.
Very Special Mystery Guest Keg
The font is from an older cricut cartridge called Printing Press. I'm trying hard not to forget to use my old favorite cartridges...even though we have so many fun new cartridges out now. I love all the crazy mismatched font shapes in Printing Press.
Bayou Teche Brewing is releasing LA-31 Boucanee, a lightly smoked wheat beer.
This was what I found that might have worked:
feat. Hasan Salaam & Rugged N Raw
My sister’s boyfriend with Will. Will has a thing for shiny watches and piercing and he generally found Spencer beyond fascinating. My sister and her boyfriend generally found Will beyond mysterious. Adorable but mysterious. All of that poop? All of that work? I think it will be awhile before Will gets any cousins.
3. Onion, medium size, 1.
Again, start with character. Why are they after the object? Who are they? What are their thoughts and feelings? What if they're not white, black-suited dudes at all - but a gang of good-looking teenage Asian martial artists. Or a trio of middle-aged women with snaky hair and long fingernails. Or silent people dressed as stormtroopers. What motivates them and just how far will they go?
I'll still be here, churning out delicious things in my kitchen and forcing them on loved ones, while posting recipes to my food blog. Teaching and cooking for people are a part of me that will never change. And I'll still be here, if you decide to bring home that bag of dipping chocolate and then wonder what the heck to do with it. Ask me whatever you want, and I'll post every single one of my tips.
Don’t aim to do a lot more than your body is currently able to, simply because what is going to happen is that overtraining and straining the body can cause it to hurt all over, and these aches and pains will dissuade you from following your training day after day. It’s actually an easy task to move from couch to 5k. All you should do when you’re starting your 5k training if you’ve by no means trained before is to take every single day by itself. Just focus on what you want to do on a certain day, and don’t attempt to do less or more than that. Now, the key to practicing for 5k for those who have had no previous training is to alternate between walking and running. In case you run a little distance and then when you can’t run any more, walk a little distance until you ensure you get your wind back, then run again, you’ll discover that you can cover a great deal more ground than you would if you run without stopping. Yes, that’s all it takes to go from couch to 5k.
I cannot say it enough how happy I am about how this came together! I started by making the pinwheels. The larger pinwheel is made from a 3'' square and the smaller pinwheels are from 2'' squares. I then used brads to hold them together. The sticks are lollipop sticks, that I use when I'm making candy, that I inked using Tim Holtz- Broken China. I then attached the pinwheels to the sticks at varying heights. The grass is a piece of scrap paper that I had and then fringed to make it look more like grass. The clouds were cut from one of the pre-loaded images on the Cricut Imagine and then inked with Tim Holtz- Broken China. Everything except for the grass is popped up using pop dots. I LOVE those things! I use them on almost EVERYTHING! LOL!
My son will be making his First Communion this Saturday for the second time. Say What? You read that right. My son made his first communion back in the Fall of 2009. He went with his father and older sister to a work day at the Monastery with Father Kirby. While there they attended a mass. Father Kirby happened to accidently give Pumpkin communion. As soon as mass was over Father Kirby realized what had happened and sat down to talk to the boy. It was determined that the sacrament was valid, even though Pumpkin was only 5 1/2 years old. Yup, at 5 1/2 her had a complete understanding of the sacrament. In fact this occasion became a matter of discussion and a teaching moment for Deacon G and his classmates while they were in formation.
10:30am: I grab 6 almonds (from a package I brought for everyone btw)
Enter Pinterest. Months before, I had casually started collecting images of ideas to serve as a jumping off point for when we got around to redoing the bathroom. I thought I would have months to meander my way into deciding how to renovate our little and only full bath. Now I had a matter of hours.
A basic principle of economic theory is that competition — or the threat of competition — is good for consumers. Monopolies facing no such threat are generally bad.
nature of success and victory; you’re indomitable in this life. Have this
And if you happen to be reading this and you are either of the people who sent this Mother Pucker love my way......Thank You. You made a big difference to this Mama!
-The fact that my cousin bought a white kitten for his wife, then named it Tonks.
The best way to achieve it: Restrict the two types of fat that don’t benefit your heart–saturated and trans-fatty acids–and substitute two “good” fats, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated.
Assigned to the Atlantic Fleet, Reuben James sailed from Newport, R.I., 30 November 1920 to Zelenika, Yugoslavia, arriving 18 December. During the spring and summer of 1921, she operated in the Adriatic and the Mediterranean out of Zelenika and Gruz, Yugoslavia, assisting refugees and participating in postwar investigations. In October 1921 at Le Havre, she joined Olympia (C-6) at ceremonies marking the return of the Unknown Soldier to the United States. At Danzig, Poland, from 29 October 1921 to 3 February 1922, she assisted the American Relief Administration in its efforts to relieve hunger and misery. After duty in the Mediterranean, she departed Gibraltar 17 July 1922.
Hips: 52 inches Hips: 51 inches
When I texted him saying ‘That’s too bad. Was looking forward to it’ his reply was ‘It would have been a great idea if things weren’t getting so complicated. Another time.’
- Check water level when you get your arrangement, add water as needed.
My house margaritas are made using quality tequila, fresh squeezed lime juice, agave nectar and water.
A Puffle is a fluffy ball with big eyes that a fictional penguin can purchase and feed and walk as its pet. This fictional penguin is part of an online social game site for young kids called Club Penguin.
Here's who will be reading:
4. You are not alone – As stated above, 1 in 4 people will suffer a mental health condition at some point in their lives. So the chances are you know someone who has one or will suffer from one yourself. If you are struggling to understand your condition, diagnosis or not getting mush support from your health care providers there are lots of other places you can get help and find others like yourself who you can share your concerns with, learn from and support each other. From charitable organisations like MIND, Emergence Plus and Rethink, to online forums like The Black Dog Tribe, facebook groups, blogs (like this one) and many other online and offline support and information services are available.
in all of these situations, whether it’s me falling or me being pushed, my hands instantly fly to my belly and i think: the baby! and this nervous fluttering overtakes me as i try to keep myself from picturing the horrific possibilities of me landing right on my stomach, which isn’t really even big enough to create any sort of complications, i imagine. and to be honest, my mom actually fell off her horse when she was quite a bit pregnant with me and i’m fine… (though, she really shouldn’t have been riding a horse and my father, as i hear it, was just furious)
In the middle of the morning I started to get a headache that slowly became an all out migraine.
I thought I’d ask Ruth about this.
Many people are blindly sending bloated letters demanding every possible bit of discovery. A QWR loaded with arbitrary demands diminishes the effectiveness of your effort. We will focus on key points to drafting a succinct, laser-focused QWR that gets you the results you want.
Back then, when things with God seemed so clear…so simple. Now it’s full of confusion. I don’t know which road to take…
Conveniently pulled from our “Uncle Litinov” series of programs at CultFit HQ…
- watching the Lion King live at the theatre with its amazing costumes and scene changes (Marko and Danika)
Cassandra gave him a look, one that used to force him to sheepishly apologize. But now he felt no such compulsion.
Source: Iceland Review Online
Feeling an unavoidable kinship at her situation, I laughed a little which did not sit well with her. “No problem ma’am, would seventy-five cents put you over the top?” I asked.
This is Loudness!’
by the glorious, ever-virgin, most blessd, holy Mary,
I have been in pubs in close proximity to drinkers who have ordered a beer, the beer hits the bar top the bar staff turn to the till & the beer begins to settle from the bottom up, the punter glances down & waits for their change to be returned. As half of the beer loses it milky appearance they hold the beer aloft & peer through the beer in the glass, & without a moments thought the immortal words trip off the tongue 'this beer is'nt right' 'it MUST be off, its cloudy'.
the sky is beautiful…
6. Starting a company is the same as building a product. Starting a company is only 50% of the work you’ll do, starting a company is also about bank accounts, building and managing a team, raising capital, paying taxes and getting insurance. The other stuff is a lot of work. As Jim Collins suggests in his book, bringing in the right team and having the right people on board can change a company from good to great, it applies in start ups as well. Building a company is not like building a product. Growing at the right stage is key to keeping at the right size at the right time, don’t be larger than seems right at the beginning, without testing out the ideas first. You should work hard but not long, or else you will burn yourself out. Remove distractions, be productive. Always be aware and you find that work and life blends into one state of consciousness. Watching people use your product, using it yourself in the field, these are all part of the process.
“Yes, yes. Please open the gate, we must not dawdle here…they may be watching.” Regnans looked agitated.
Titanic is an interesting event due to why it occurred.
The heroine leaned hard to one side, looked down. “Hm.”
The baklava was lots of fun. So much so, that I made two batches.
This left somewhat of a void in the world of raspberry beers. The better known Timmermans falls at the first hurdle by 'virtue' of being utter rubbish. Bacchus stepped in and made a perfecty good brown ale based Framboise that North still sells on draught. There's also a very good one from lambic superstars; Lindemans but it's two and a half percent alcohol so really it's a fizzy drink. Incidentally it's a good beer for anyone who's lost faith in rehab or indeed has only just fallen off the wagon - we have a good offer on at North, I won't tell...
But then I’m struck by a thought.
You have 24 hrs to Respond or Another Winner will be Chosen!
when the rubber meets the road, in between my toes
Well, you know what they say about “assuming.”
In international literature and culture.
This year, I've decided to make a fool-proof list of resolutions that I'll be able to keep. Wink wink, I really won't be able to keep them, but that's ok because it's all part of my master plan!
Chaubier (Cow’s & Goat’s Milk/France)
The new competition will be launched by the Doctor himself on Blue Peter on CBBC, Thursday 12th January at 5.45pm. The challenge is simple. School children aged 9-11 should write a mini-episode that features the Doctor in an Olympic-themed adventure. Amy and Rory can be included in the script alongside one of four familiar alien species plus a brand new human character.
Same goes for true love.
She's looks like a Rastafarian, but really she's wearing her Scylla creation.
Prince Albert: The Duchess and Sir John?
--LSU students chanting as they chased would-be flag burner off campus
What do these people think benefit claimants are doing? Do they think all of them aren’t actively looking for a job? Do they ignore the fact that only £1bn of welfare fraud occurs, and that £16bn worth of benefits goes unclaimed every year? Do they ignore the fact that so many jobs don’t pay enough to survive adequately? Do they know how it feels like to lose their job and have little hope of finding an adequate replacement, as those at the top earn ridiculous amounts of money and receive knighthoods and £850bn of taxpayers money to make sure they don’t fail after nearly collapsing the country after their excessive risk taking and profit making activities?
Song title: I Can’t Make You Love Me
Sorry for the recent break in transmission. There were some problems with the blog and the website last week, caused by those pesky Goblins - the news of a proposed Goblins movie brought so many extra visitors to both sites that the servers couldn't cope and they crashed. Huge thanks to Ian Forster at Graphic Alchemy and Andrew Southon at Lamp Web Design for sorting it all out; as far as I can tell from this end, things are now running normally again.
are the light of the world. Sickness, poverty, discouragement and death are no
R5- (sc in 2sc, 2sc in each) around (12)
10. Buffalo Bills OLB Courtney Upshaw (Bama) The Bills went from contender to pretender quicker then a Milli Vanilli hit song. If Upshaw’s performance in the BCS Championship game is an indicator of his talent level, then the Bills come away with a solid contributor.
Flannelboard: When You’re Going to the Moon. This wonderful idea came from Mel’s Desk. To go along with it, we sang “When You’re Going to the Moon” to the tune of “If You’re Happy and You Know It.” Pre-K especially loved this activity. Thanks, Mel’s Desk!
No! Do not like confinement!
“AIDS is a 5* Kaffir Die B/W Depopulation Program. Best Invention since ‘Manhatten’, Usury, Rape and Torture”
And these are my decades friends, we're just only few here, others are still out of the country. I have a lot of pictures but i only want to post the pictures of my bro&sis and thanks to erlyn & irene for this great reunion and we really owe you these. I am so happy to see that all of us are successful in life and on field that we choose.
He looked so lonely and sad. It's like he just... wilted.
God has called you by name and made you his own.
Entering my card into the following challenges:
It’s taking a lot to not count the countdown unintentionally–sort of how you can’t look at words without reading them. It just happens. Easy math. Subtracting myself from my current life.
It's pretty much a perfect Christmas dress, and I have every intention of dousing the whole thing with pink accessories to make it a Valentine's day frock. The downside is that I tore a hole in the arm while reaching to arrange one of my tulle bows, but these things can always be mended, and as any lover of vintage garments knows, there is no use crying over a split seam.
a vintage hairclip or a pair of evening shoes encrusted with Swarovski crystals
A method for making a product in a bioreactor comprising: i) culturing microorganisms, wherein the microorganisms are adapted or mutagenized so as to exhibit at least a 150% product tolerance for the product compared to the product tolerance of a corresponding non- adapted or non-mutagenized microorganisms; and ii) harvesting said product.
1/2 cup sliced fresh strawberries
My heart aches
- In Spanish, describing words like cold¨ must match the gender of the word they describe, which is why words like ¨frio¨ (masculine) might suddenly become ¨fria¨ (feminine) instead if it is describing a word that is feminine. There are no logical rules about which words are masculine or feminine, so you can´t tell just by looking at them.
I know, I'm so old-school, I should be tweeting my life in a 140 characters except that I have a LOT to say.
What's your favourite weekend breakfast?
Bonus! A recording of Stanford's Stanford: Irish rhapsody No 4 in A minor, Op 141 (The Fisherman of Loch Neagh and what he saw) with the Ulster Orchestra under the magical influence of Vernon (Tod) Handley.
1 mesmerizing
I was just checking around for events for the Summer and I came across this trending on twitter, Pentecost 2012! Everyone’s talking about it and I wonder how I missed it at all, well, it’s never too late. @hillsonglondon says One City. One night. The church together as One celebrating all that Pentecost represents. With worship lead by Tim Hughes of HTB, Hillsong London and the Jesus House choir, this promises to be an amazing event of music and the word.
That's better.
Today for example, the boys peed in diapers when they napped. Otherwise wore panties ALL DAY long without so much as ONE accident. And yes, I was actually able to do a day in panties without accidents. They didn't have to be naked all day to remember! I make it a point to take them about every hour when I'm home. And they sometimes go more on their own in between. So we more or less LIVE in the bathroom. But thats part of the progress, right?
We can rest in His faithful love, His perfect care. He knows us, truly, better than we will ever know ourselves this side of heaven. He created us for relationship with Him. THAT is what we are meant for!! What a glorious thought, that we could truly know the depths of His great, terrible, beautiful Personality!! That we can KNOW Him! For only there is our true fulfillment. Only in knowing Him can we truly know ourselves. I want to know Him!!
* 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger
He spun, but so nothing.
#56. finding the perfect gift
I think I’ll opt for the 5-7-8-12-13-17-22 combo. This will give me a monthly income of $5,000, a house, my own business, world travel, enough money to share with my family, some wealthy friends and another house.
When Sally Russick of The StudioSublime put the word out for participants for her One Color Crayon Challenge I signed up for the color Green. Well, at that time I had forgotten that I would be away the weekend of the blog hop with some girlfriends, visiting the Garden of Good and Evil, yes, Savannah GA. But that's okay, I completed my assignment in time and have scheduled this posting to be published on the morning of May 5th.
So empower yourself NOW by circumventing the mind-numbing plethora of mainstream gibberish — and start your own news service>>> while you still can. Begin with a title containing your own hamlet, town, region or city within your blog. e.g. — yourtownNews.wordpress.com (Click wordpress.com at the bottom-left of this page to get you started)
(Not due to see another human -unless I go to a shop- for 11 days.)
xoxox Eila
This unexpected turn of events could have resulted in a huge meltdown. Geekygirl could have dissolved into a watery tantrum as she watched her brother being carried in my secure arms into the pool, while Geekydaddy and the lovely teacher tried to coax her in unsupported. But she didn't. She took a leap of faith onto the float that the teacher was holding, and let herself be guided out into the water. Wide eyed but listening to instruction, she started kicking herself along.
This is the picture that I created my blog header from, taken at an amazing structure which was built by one of my husband’s cousins, a highly successful and shrewd businessman who passed away not too long ago. We were driving around the city one evening when hubby pulled off a main road and stopped the car in front of this enormous and magnificent development called Altayebat International City for Sciences and Knowledge. The educational facility was built to teach underprivileged children and even houses many of them who are orphaned. It was closed, but even at night the structure itself was quite an interesting sight. Hundreds of oxidized metal antique lanterns provide lighting for the outside. The entire walled-in compound consists of eleven different buildings which are all white with intricate decorative wooden detailing on all windows, doors, facades, balconies and porches painted brown. There is a huge green dome plus several beautiful minarets towering over the buildings. What I was able to photograph was an enormous replica of Old Jeddah constructed along one of the outside walls of the facility. The mini city appears to be made of clay or gypsum and spans an area of about 25 feet wide by 4 feet tall. The charming little village has arched doorways and windows and flat roofs with lots of attention paid to every minute detail for accuracy.
When I was a senior in high school, I bought tickets to see REM. I spent a good $40 of my money on a general admission ticket, and this was 17 years ago. My love affair with Michael Stipe and Peter Buck began on a plane somewhere between San Francisco and Salt Lake City. I was meeting my family for a ski trip in Utah, and I had the Out of Time cassette playing over and over in my yellow Walkman Sport, which was held together with a large blue rubber band.
We did not think she was going to get in this time. She found out in December that she was put on the waiting list. The deadline for reapplying was just two weeks after receiving that notice and the prompt for the required essay was to explain what you had done since finding out that you did not get into the School of Nursing to improve and make yourself a better candidate. What exactly can one do in the two week time period? We all got a good laugh out of that. She was so tempted to say, "I have done NOTHING, but I am not going away so you might as well let me in now instead of later." Anyhow, I don't remember exactly what she came up with for that two page essay, but we all kept throwing ideas at her. It was a group effort.
Here's just one of the many I would like to try . . . in my new soaker tub once I get to Texas! ;)
What I liked/disliked:
Minor League Update -
Oh, and I also went bra shopping with my mother and sister, an errand that takes me about 20 minutes tops, and my sister over an hour... Oh well.
Most Artists, including writers, but mainly musicians and writers, can be some of the most arrogant and self-absorbed people on the planet. In my bar, I see it all the time. Small town, tiny, tiny, bar and the lead singer is acting like Lady Gaga about to perform at the dropping of the Big Apple. It would be amusing if it wasn’t so sad. I feel as artists/writers we must humble ourselves. Even though most of you will screech in terror at this observation I must tell you, “If you are an artist or writer or whatever you wish to call yourself you are not ‘gifted’ or ‘special’ or even ‘talented’.” But what if you are published?
This makes me wish that someone would start a comic book company with four-color superheroes, but in self-contained titles. If I want to read Amazing-Dude, I don’t want to have to also read The Avenging League, and all the members’ individual titles, just to get the whole story. I’d like to be able to read 3-4 titles a month and be happy. But, with so much digital media and everything else out there, such a business model no longer works for a medium that has remained in its current form, virtually unchanged, since the 60’s.
And I smile awkwardly back.
You are now (likely) just days away from the end of the spring 2012 semester. That my friends, deserves a cheers! Equally as exciting is the warm(er) weather upon us. Summer is right around the corner and visions of barbeque cook-outs, corn on the cob, and freshly squeezed lemonade fill our heads.
“Dad! That was mean!” She said hitting him with a pillow on the side of the head.
Gosh, that's a hard question. I'm not really sure. Maybe a dignitary or something.
Well I hope to get pictures taken and some posts up soon of the 2011
To me race has nothing to do with nothing. People are good or bad at what they do all from hard work and a gift from God. The color of a humans skin has no factor in anything but ignorant thoughts from others.
Are you thirsty for knowlege? The Bible is the water our Lord God gave us to quench our Spiritual Thirsts. I want EVERYONE to be able to have the chance to quench their thirsts, thats why at this point in time i will be giving away FREE Bibles to anyone who wants one. (Please note Bibles are on a first come first serve basis. If you request one and i am currently out of stock your name will be put on a waiting list)
He sat at her feet, the design all ready in his mind, enjoying the thrill of choosing where to place the first pin of his artwork. It took three hours – his technique was improving. When the work was complete he lay on top of her, feeling the spread of her wide hips beneath his groin, loving the tremble of her shuddering body. Slowly, and gently, he pulled the tape and cloth away from her mouth and eyes. She didn’t speak.
I know what you're thinking: How can a slasher series have any creativity or artistry to rape in the first place? Well, this movie is so bad and so odious in its stench that it manages to do so even when there was already a lack of those things. How low can you go? Well, this movie goes lower!
Dan Riley is a major in the British Army. After a six month tour of duty in Afghanistan, he is coming home to the wife and young daughters he adores. The outside world sees those reunions as a taste of heaven after months of hell.
Online resources provide a great deal of information to help you find your ideal travel arrangements in one place. Keep in mind that you will want to check out where your seats are before you purchase and that if you are booking for your entire family, that the seats are all together in the same place. Sometimes, it is possible to get the seating arrangements worked out after you purchase the tickets, but it is always a peace of mind knowing that your not going to have to hustle to make sure you aren’t on opposite sides of the plane from each other.
Are these “special provisions” for women or just outright discrimination against men? How can the court come to the conclusion that the, marriage has broken down, yet deny the same relief to him, that in the other way around, the courts would have readily handed it to the woman?
When I responded to his initial contact I also ran across the name of an old roommate of mine from my college days, so I sent a message to see if it was the same guy. As it turns out, it was! He responded with a long message saying how he’d tried to find me and filled me in a little on what’s been going on in his life as well. Damn, I found 2 long lost best buddies within a 24 hour period! What can be better than that?
First step is to solder metal strips onto the metal object, to form little compartments, called cloisons.
See you Monday!
The second I walked in the door, this pumpkin plate caught my eye and I snatched it right up.
When the couple came down for breakfast next morning, I knew at once that Mrs Mellonberg had acted on my advice. There was a prodigious hickey on her husband’s face and triumphant smile on her one. The manager later said that she looked like a woman who had recently straddled a man and fucked his brains out.
Whosoever will be saved, before all things it is necessary that he hold the Catholic Faith. Which Faith except everyone do keep whole and undefiled, without doubt he shall perish everlastingly.
"The largest of these, the Nimrod Prospect in 350m depth, and most likely reserves in the event of success are estimated to be greater than four billion barrels," he told parliament.
By 3 pm it looked hurricanish.
Now if you want personal training, well there’s going to be yet more fees for that too!
1. Fill a highball glass with ice and squeeze in a wedge of grapefruit. Add vodka, elderflower cordial and apple juice and top with grapefruit juice. Stir well and serve.
Line a baking sheet with parchment. If you are going to bake immediately, preheat the oven to 325F/160C.
Q: And if you were to pick something from that which left the deepest impression?
Technology is a wonderful thing.
Wonton is head down with spine on the right hand side. The feet are sticking out at the top left of my belly, just under my left breast. She showed us the perfect little feet (which looked SO SO SO CUTE – like little footprints) and I asked her how long they were. So she measured them for me. Wonton’s feet are about 6 cm long. Which seems GIGANTIC when you think about the baby being 15.5 inches long in total, and only 3.5 pounds. The feet are longer than 2 inches each!!!
Tutorial Blogger
I think 'fair play' is exactly the right notion for tango. It is play - it is not art. It can, optionally, be sort of competitive, when people feel like it, and that's totally fine and all part of the fun and satisfaction. But when it comes down to it, it's play, and not playing fair doesn't make you a creative genius, it makes you a sociopath, or at least a pillock. It makes you, in short, a cheat, and not fun to play with. You play as well as you can, and if it's better than someone else, everyone respects that. But you play fair.
I have a tune for you all as well.
Finish – Long and flavor-filled, lead by sweet fruit that gently yields to tart and subtle flavors of flowers, soft spice and a hint of slate. A soft dryness then encroaches, spreading all around the palate, eventually puckering the lips and drying the cheeks.
Matt Striker is in the locker room, with The Viper, Randy Orton.
Hi everyone! Happy Friday. I hope you've all managed to get through the week without too much of a struggle. And if you did, please tell me how?
Magnolia is one of my favourite films. It is a roller coaster of emotion and complex stories. And yet the genius of the film is in its patience.
The Film Writer’s Association has a two-tier mechanism to deal with matters related to plagiarism. The Dispute Settlement Committee, which is the first tier, ruled after six months, that the story and screenplay of the movie were not inspired by Aabid Surti’s book. However this decision was over-ruled by the Appellate Board, six months later. A HT report on this story is available over here.
Welcome to the motherfuckin Jean-Claude show, bitches!
Unbelievably, I had to do the same again before I could get to the BMW Lane.
2) You must have entered at least one (or more if you like) of our All Hallows Eve Carnival game giveaway(s) or contest(s).
10. Summoning the Ancient Ones
Given my perchance for urinating in inconvenient moments that had plagued me throughout this pregnancy, I quite honestly thought I had left it a little to long and had fully wet myself this time. Being completely embarrassed I continued on my path to the bathroom unnoticed by the group.
If you are in the Central Connecticut area and missed this particular concert, Berimbrown will also be performing at the following locations:
“Back then images had a psychological presence, they were seen as part of a separate plain of existence, as having a life of their own.”
Mr. Delingpole is enthusiastically opinionated, delightfully cranky, and thoroughly enjoyable. A man after my own heart. Here he is on Uncommon Knowledge:
Dear Ones, the whole purpose of your life is to evolve, and your soul journey will eventually take all back to the Source of All That Is. Obviously a souls progress comparing one to another, can differ quite a lot according to how long is spent in the lower dimensions. At present you are moving towards the higher dimensions and once there, will no longer be bound by linear time. Everything will be in the “Now” and you will move at will between the past, present and future. However, for the time being you are still much involved with time, and we are aware that the apparent delay in starting our many projects concerns you. Yet in reality they are advancing very well, and we are poised to help make some major arrests of people that are high up within the dark forces. It will be the start of a long lasting cleansing of those in places of power, so that authority and responsibility for your wellbeing is passed on to others who care. Be assured that we know who is of the Light, and no one will be able to get past our scrutiny or deceive us. Matters are coming to a head, and you can expect some surprising developments very soon.
Reading looms wonderfully large in my life at the moment, as I’m chairing the Orange prize for 2012 and there will be something north of 135 novels to read over this winter, of which there already is a considerable tower waiting…..I am so pleased to be chairing this particular prize, which has not only rightfully earned its place in the ranks of literary prizes by coming up with some truly excellent winners, but also because it’s open to women writers all over the world, and I thoroughly approve of that! So, apart from the Orange books, I have three of my own choice on the go – Adam Gopnick’s “Paris To The Moon”, Shyam Selvadurai’s “Funny Boy” (I meant to read that while I was actually in Sri Lanka, but I couldn’t wait!) and David Brooks’ intriguing “The Social Animal”.
There have been a couple of other interesting Ichiro's Malt bottlings recently, which I will also update you on asap. By the way, I think Bar Zoetrope in Tokyo has these Newborns in his crib.
Hang on for a second, I’m reading these last two again. Slowly . . .
But if I had my say on who to Marry, Make-out, and Muzzle...
Fukushima day
You sleep soooo well. And often. You love to sleep.
Suzan Buckner I know this sounds crazy, but I get creative watching reruns of the Gilmore Girls. It is like it puts my mind at ease, and their constant bantering makes my mind work. Weird, huh?
We decided to head a little early to the airport so that Jordy could watch the aeroplanes. We ended up going through security and heading upstairs to watch them take off, which Darcy enjoyed as well.
We are connected to everything in life that we own, covet or touch. Everything. Our coffee in the morning was grown, harvested, ground, shipped and sold. The sugar and tea likewise. The milk probably came from miles away (despite the herd of cows in the field up the road from my house). I have a hybrid car – but still have to fill it with petrol. The plastic and glass that make my reading glasses. The fabric of my clothes. The bricks of my house. I may have bought it, but so many other hands have touched each item along the way – do I honour those shapers, makers and builders? Or do I ignore them in the rush to make something ‘mine?’
Of course, if this cyclical history continues, it implies that Obama is NOT the "liberal Reagan" (who in turn was not the "conservative FDR"), but the Democrat's Nixon. Some parallels are apparent--many conservatives utterly distrusted Nixon for his economic policies. Of course, comparisons to Nixon may seem outrageous to Obama supporters (including myself), as Obama has--so far at least--not had a whiff of scandal during his administration, and we all know what happened to Nixon. (Still, the Biden/Ford comparisons are tempting... :)
March 19, 1953
A: It’s not my place to agree or disagree.
-that "Portland cement" is contractor talk for "stucco"
Critic’s Score: 7.9
handful of parsley (finely chopped)
’Who says you have to go to Heaven? My teacher says that we have to create a place that’s even better than Heaven right here.’
OK so some of the suppliers may not be walk-able except for dedicated yompers but just look at the number of local suppliers the Bladebone Inn has … including a place that offers courses on foraging, a local "open farm" (working farm that does tours etc), a local brewery, local markets, butchers …
22. Mary Jane's Last Dance
We don't care bout no
The frame is found on page 60 (cow) and is cut at 3 1/2" from ivory cardstock and again at 3 3/4" using the green. I cut this using phrase shift.
Now that you’ve walked,run,peddled your way across the Williamsburg bridge, you’re probably ready to grab a bite to eat.
Saying "cheese" for me this morning. He was the only one this happy, as he did not quite get that we are supposed to actually sleep an extra hour for daylight savings time.
WASHINGTON-The Clinton administration’s balanced budget plan calls for $36 billion from expanded auctions over the next five years, a projection that raises key wireless policy questions.
SALMON CAKES
Terrasuxa Qataz Eternal, Samij Datta, 2012
Next I write out each day of the week for the menu (usually it's Saturday-Thursday with dinner out or pizza on Friday nights) and next to each day I write when produce will go bad/be at its peak. For this week, that meant eating the asparagus as soon as possible (Sunday night) and the green beans soon after that (Monday). I hate throwing away spoiled food, especially from the Farmer's Market, and this helps me make sure we use everything before it starts to turn.
Today I did a LO for myself with the April Scrapbook Circle kit! I just LOVE their kits. They by far have the best kits that I have seen. I used the sketch by Diana that is currently on the blog and I used the word "Look" for the current Bird is the Word challenge. Just some photos from my friend's 25th birthday! TFL!
I’d go to every now and then
Containing a mix of vocal and instrumental tracks, I imagine it would have livened up any party in the 70s with its set of 70s pop songs (Resurrection Shuffle), 60s soul (Land Of A Thousand Dances, In The Midnight Hour), and party favourites (The Locomotion, Hava Nagila).
Automatic Failover : Enabled
- 1 (heaped) tbsp of paprika powder (I used more)
Oh it couldn’t be that my sweet saving cups of yummy joe
Of course on my first day back I would get a call about a sick kid. This time it was Brody. He was causing quite the "stink" at "baby preschool." They called after his 3rd "incident" (it's a 3 strikes and you're out policy there when we're talking about this kind of illness! LOL) asking him to be promptly removed. Actually that's not true. They're so freaking sweet there they are always like, it's ok, no rush, get here when you can, we totally understand... I could not love this place any more, I swear. Anyway... I couldn't very well leave work early on my first day back soooo... it's Grammy to the rescue!!!
So that’s the first feature on my checklist of what the ultimate MMO needs to have. Have you played any of the CoH user generated content? Do you think this is the future for MMOs? Let us know.
Memphis finds itself on the other end of perfection-- the only team with the worst possible score. Memphis lost to Mississippi State and Arkansas State, and Mississippi State themselves lost to Auburn and Arkansas State fell to Illinois.
The Liefde wen campaign is a non-profit organization, still very much in the beginning phase. This campaign has already generated a major hype amongst young South Africans. Bouwer elaborates a bit more on this brainchild, “I’m busy registering it as a non-profit organization, and let me tell you, there is heaps of admin. The goal of Liefde Wen, is to be a non-profit organization that lends a hand to many different projects. It’s only in the beginning phase – and we still have a long way to go before it is fully up and running. The idea is to use the organization to get involved with various projects, for example children’s homes, etc. I don’t just want to give money to these projects, but actively get people involved to help and create kind of create a culture of giving. The campaign is also promoted by an already popular clothing range, consisting of t-shirts and caps. I want to use the profits generated from the sales of the clothing to help assist the projects Liefde wen takes on. When I die one day I don’t want people to remember me for the songs I had on radio. I’d rather have them remember me for the difference I tried to make. Life is more than music and catchy lyrics. The beggar on the street doesn’t care whether my singles are played on radio. It’s in a way so irrelevant.”
Claire Rawlins
I wonder how other creative types handle this dilemma, assuming I'm not the only lucky person to struggle with it. :) I know I can't possibly be, although it's in the nature of this particular beast that it feels very isolating and tends to lead to a downward spiral of self-criticism.
so there's a little glimpse into one of the many things that has kept me from being a regular blogger. but, oh, there is so much more....
Now, this is not news. Things have been weird in this long-term relationship (so to speak) for quite some time. I stopped taking Seroquel — three years ago this month, thank you — went through fierce withdrawal and the most extreme mania of my life, and everything changed, for me. Through it all he stood on the sidelines, shouting that I would diiiiiiie.
colored in all the areas open in the stencil so that I wouldn't get confused when I started carving which parts needed to be removed. Then I started carving. I started with the smallest nib and outlined the areas I wanted removed and then did the small detail areas with the smaller nib as well. I went on to the larger size and kept working until I'd removed all the excess block.
constitutional order. So Mr. Gross when he was retained was a
Scotty’s Brewhouse Downtown is celebrating the Indians season with the official beer, Sun King Indians Lager. You can come by every Wednesday evening and get a 48oz pitcher for only $9! Scotty’s Lakehouse is currently pouring Flat 12 Lacto-matic Milk Stout! Come on by and enjoy a 24 Mug of this great Stout every Thursday for only $4! Scotty’s Burger Joint in Columbus has just released a new beer menu! Come on by and check out our new selection. With the new menu you enjoy tasty beers like Triton Rail Splitter IPA or Kentucky Bourbon Barrel Ale!
RND 5: *sc in first 2 st, dec over next 2 st*, repeat around (12 stitches)
EPUB is alive and well! My students worked hard on their exploration projects. We did most of our work on the computer, but the viewing will happen on the iPads. It is still a work in progress, but I wanted to share a bit of their good work with you ahead of time. Teams of students researched a type of explorer – like under the sea, space, or Africa. Each student in the group performed a small research project looking for the important information about their exploration. There was an outline of information and graphic required – the twist this time was that students had to record the sources for both the information AND their graphics. At the fifth grade level, information citation is not ALA approved, but a hot link to the site or the graphic they used.
I’d love to hear your thoughts on the show as you watch it this time around.
They made it very clear to them that they are not going to be able to initiate some kind of nuclear holocaust and be able to get away with it.
What really caught my attention however, was not the lessons, but the tips and ideas that are available in the blog post on the Home page. I found the post, The List of Chat Acronyms & Text Message Shorthand of interest because I’ve recently had to learn how to us the text message feature on my (very basic) phone. The list provides lots of acronyms and text message shorthand, so it takes just a fraction of time to text a message.
She tasted just as sweet and delicious as he thought she would. Her lips were soft and pliant under his as she kissed him back, her tongue eagerly seeking his out.
- Range Rover
with your favourite door hanger by midnight 4th November (UK time). Don't worry if you didn't have time to join in this time - please still vote as it is very much appreciated.
I decided to combine one of the iconic colors of St. Patrick’s day, gold, with its traditional shape the shamrock, and cut my shamrock from gold Expressions vinyl. I found this great shape with the swirls in the Silhouette online store.
Cake The distance
Let's get started.
Great Lakes Blackout Stout – OH – 9.0% ABV
I've made doughnuts from scratch before, but they haven't turned out too well. Using the deep fat fryer is kind of a pain and you really have to be careful not to make your doughnuts too big or they will be raw in the middle. Still, when you get it right, they are awesome.
8. You can exercise whenever you want. It’s a great way to meet people.
I lose some of the details at that point in the chemical haze of adrenaline, endorphins, and hormones. He spanks me, not to my absolute limit, but close. You hold me, push your fingers into my mouth at first, then cover my mouth as I get nearer to an out-and-out howl. And then, without warning, the guy abruptly pulls my panties down to mid-thigh, exposing me to anyone who's still nearby, and plunges two fingers into my pussy, which is so ridiculously wet that they slide in without any resistance. And it is so exactly what I have wanted that it's a good thing your hand is still over my mouth because I let out a shriek, and I tense for the inevitable orgasm that always comes with penetration for me…but he pulls out just as suddenly as he thrust in. And I’m left gasping, gaping, empty and clenching around nothing. I whimper. You help me straighten up, and we're back where we started, you and I facing each other with him standing behind me. You look faintly puzzled, but not displeased. I have the distinct feeling again that this wasn't exactly the way it was supposed to go.
But, again, the clips are wildly disappointing, since Clark was SUCH a cheap bastard throughout his career that even if the performer appeared on a primetime network show produced by him (as Captain Beefheart and the Magic Band did), they would be lip-synching to a fucking record. Here’s the
Cant really see in this photo above as it was on maximum telephoto but I did try and show how many were flying. Looking through the binoculars it was like one of those speeded up street scenes when everyone is hurtling about. What was really interesting though was as the evening advanced more and more hirundines arrived, and then at 7.55pm, as if a switch had been flicked, they all left en mass and headed north. The silence was astonishing, after 2 hours of thousands of chattering swallows.
leap through the window
"But why arranged? What..you can't meet someone at a bar or something?" he says mockingly.
Pregnancy Highlights
Another change, noted by Rotacidare on the EQ2-Daily podcast, is location experience. There is now a ton of it in DFC. You want to poke your nose into every room you see, as the vast majority will reward you with a discovery event. I made a level and a half of AA experience on that alone. That includes all the doors in the courtyard. DFC is now a discovery rich environment.
I just read Game Informer’s big feature over Halo 4,and it had so many new details. There are so many things to talk about i’ll break it down to be easily digestible for everyone. To start off, Halo 4 will be a direct predecessor to Halo 3 and will be a tie-in. The story line will start off with Forward unto dawn’s split ship and it’s explosive journey across the universe. So the new Halo trilogy will focus on the reclaimer saga. This should be an interesting entry into the Halo universe. Cortana is nearing her 7 year AI lifespan, so we as the players will unravel the mystery that surrounds Cortana’s lifespan and the return of Master Chief. The beginning level marks the return of the covenant as enemies as well. So from the article we can detail that there will be a prologue and we will see Chief’s remarkable return to the little screen (or big for all you large hdtv owners). Further into the article, we learn of a new enemy, no details other than the fact that they are not covenant or flood, but a new race with new weapons and classes. Not leading into any more details 343 industries, detailed the new multiplayer titled “Infinity”. Infinity will tie in directly to Halo 4's campaign, and will serve as the only way to experience new and classic Halo multiplayer. It has been confirmed that there will be no firefight mode included in Halo 4, so that may be a negative aspect to some. Infinity will follow the continued evolution of the spartan project, and will introduce us to the new Spartan IV, which are equipped with a new form of Mjolnir armor. Halo 4's multiplayer will take an approach closer to Call of Duty’s. You will first start of as a recruit and will have to rank up and unlock and earn new abilities. The new abilities can be game changing, and alter the character dramatically. When a player earns a new rank they will earn what is called spartan points. These points will allow you to earn new unlocks that range from new armor, to new abilities, and items which can be utilized in a load out. That will be an interesting addition to the classic gameplay and it could either improve MLG gameplay or hinder. 343 does confirm the return of classic weapons which include, the battle rifle, assault rifle, DMR, the assault carbine, magnum and plasma pistol. 343 did not disclose new weapons, although they did say that there are many game changing unrevealed weapons that will be included in the arsenal of weapons. To go more into detail with the multiplayer there will be a revamped post game reward system. In the new system players will be rewarded with medals, spartan points, as well as rewards for in game actions done such as assists, revenge kills, and even distractions. Apart from the expansive multiplayer mode there will be an entirely new multiplayer co-op mode called Spartan Ops. While it may seem as it may be similar to Call of Duty’s spec ops, it is far from it. 343 details that it will be an episodic evolving campaign which will explain the story of red vs. blue. Up to four players can join together to complete an episode each week, which will include a cg sequence. The experience is noted to be that of a tv structure except you are in direct control of what happens next. 343 promises that it will not be paid DLC but will be a central part of Halo 4's purchasing point. So there shouldn’t be any worries fellow gamers, you will not, I repeat not have to purchase any episodic DLC for Halo 4. The episodic content will span out in several months worth of content, which is meant to keep players engaged and will raise the replay value of the game.
I stiffened another nod.
Another recent chocolate beer was had at the Reno's...In Lansing, Michigan. I did not know I had been in there before, until I stepped in and had a flashdate of a Horrible Date I had there in 2003. I think it lasted 90 minutes total. Too bad because Reno's is a cool enough spot. Luckily the company was much better this time around. :) Shuffleboard, games, and a decent beer list. They were featuring Michigan's Arcadia Ales, a brewery specializing in British-style ales. I had Arcadia's Cocoa Loco, a "triple-chocolate milk stout." It was nice. Very dark brown with a small light-brown head. Smelled very roasty with coffee and sweet chocolate. Tasted the same - basically a mocha beer. Distinct coffee, chocolate, some lingering bitterness, and a little bit of noticeable alcohol. At 7% ABV it's a big beer, but still subtle. Not overly boozey, sweet, or chocolatey. It's got some class. This is a pleasant milk stout. A-
I knew that we would be busy so I felt like that the one cigarette I was about to smoke would not be enough to get me through my shift. Off to the gas station I went and was waiting in line when I heard the woman in front of me:
"Ciao Baby" was issued twice by Pye in a bid to give the band a hit. The first time around it dominated the airwaves impressively, but failed to chart. It's not hard to understand what Radio DJs saw in this one. It's rich, summery harmony pop which would have sounded utterly in keeping with some of the more middle-of-the-road hits of the day. There's a slick touch of class to the performance and it's arranged in a typically pleasing fashion by Tony Hatch. It isn't, however, any sort of lost classic, and the fact that it's been largely forgotten in the years since unlike other 'turntable hits' ("The Days of Pearly Spencer" by David McWilliams, for example) possibly shouldn't be that surprising.
"If you have men who will exclude any of God's creatures from the shelter of compassion and pity, you will have men who deal likewise with their fellow men."
- 1 tsp baking powder
A preliminary report said that there was no evidence to show the pelicans had died at sea, but rather on the beach where they were found.
HTC have always received credit for their Sense UI, which has emerged, deservedly, as the standard-setting custom skin for Android. We were duly impressed with the One X in our review and called it the best smartphone experience to date – in terms of both visuals and features.
21. It's Your Thing—Isley Brothers
Peel Session collections always hold a special place in my music collection, this is one of the best actually, always a favourite of Peel this collects Polly Jean Harveys sessions together and makes a pretty credible album. From a singer who has won 2 mercury music prizes this sometime's basic, almost raw collection of songs spanning 13 years is a great body of work.
It also represents the span of the ocean as we have seen it up until fairly recently – an expanse that stretches beyond the horizon to the ends of the earth. This has been replaced by outer space in our imagination, which will be addressed below. Despite its dangerous aspect, water is necessary for life (as we know it). Without life, there is no death, after all.
This is equally important in our self talk, affirmations and goal setting. Always focus on the positive statements and goals.
17. No skating in yogurt across the kitchen floor!
“Are you a FAN of theirs??” says the Cat Lady, in an ominous voice.
He wasn't "70's Dad" though - he was "Dying Dad". Very thin. Very crinkled. Like a helium balloon that is slowly but surely leaking away. Towards the end, he was so frail he reminded me of photos we'd seen of his father Arthur, who had come back from fighting Japs in PNG 6" 1' and 58kg from picking up Dysentery just for fun (as if fighting for your life every single moment of the day and night isn't bad enough, imagine literally shitting yourself to death at the same time).
“Pah! He’s coming here, boy. He’s been coming North for months and not missed a single Hall. We’re next.” Spittle flew as the Sherriff spoke. Rel ground his teeth. He was nineteen, not a boy, and he knew Clearsight. Pollack knew very little, except how to get on Rel’s nerves.
In a large bowl, stir together flour, oats, sugars, cinnamon, baking powder, and salt. In another bowl, stir together milk/water, eggs, oil, and vanilla until blended. Make a well in centre of dry ingredients and add wet ingredients, stirring just to combine. Stir in apple.
Song title: What Do The Lonely Do At Christmas
I have the whole day ahead of me here in London. Where shall I go? Maybe to check out one or two things? Is the Draft House cask beer any good? Is the Southampton Arms still buzzing? What about Mason and Taylor, not far at all and like the Draft House, shall we say challenged in the cask ale department, at least it was previously? That certainly could do with a check, as similar to the Draft House, I like the place immensely, but not so much the warm beer. Maybe Welsh beer at the Rake? I know. Welsh beer, but still.
I left the fair pleased with a few other purchases, but in a total muddle about the fabric. Did they want to sell at all? The next day we spoke on the phone and after a few very searching questions, the rather intimidating lady gave me her address and I jumped in the car and headed off across the valley.
I cut out a stack of pages and folded the ends up to make the pages a bit more square. Plus I thought that a double layer of paper might roll into the necessary cone shape a little cleaner... after all this book has seen its day and the pages are a bit brittle... not to mention that the paper was pretty cheap stock to begin with.
Today has been an absolutely terrible day.
Neither shall thy name any more be called Abram, but thy name shall be Abraham; for a father of many nations have I made thee (Genesis 17:5).
A little late but no less appreciated, the December 2009 issue of JIPLP is now available online to its subscribers. You can see the full contents of the current issue here.
This rifle, unlike most 98-pattern Mausers, was factory chambered for the U.S. .30 M2 cartridge, better known as .30-06, instead of the European standard 8mm. The reason for this is because after the war, the United States was giving anyone and his dog about as much surplus .30 as they wanted. (We had a lot at the end of the war, and we were nothing if not generous.) Note the small notch cut into the receiver ring below the crest. That's so that the slightly-longer .30 cartridge can be pushed down into the magazine on stripper clips without the bullet tip hanging up on the receiver.
Tie a square knot below the fused glass bead on both sides of the string. Allow about a 1-inch tail for each end of the string.
25. You're Wondering Now
A mentor I had at work once told me that I was like a terrier: once I got my teeth into something, I wouldn't let it go until I was done with it. Some might say I'm stubborn; I prefer tenacious.
it like a piece of toast too long
I have a meeting scheduled at Lighthouse Elementary School on May * at 9:00 a.m. I expect one of you reading this letter to be in attendance. I also request that the Palm Beach County School Districts policy regarding the ESE Program and any other policy that I can read regarding Jacob’s issues be emailed, mailed or sent to Lighthouse Elementary so I can pick it up. I assume that these policies are all public record and I will becoming thoroughly educated as to the rights these students have, the useless policies and steps you have in place with regard to the teaching, testing and accommodating of each one of these students. I have contacted the ESE Advisory Board and am more than willing to meet with any one regarding the ESE Program, policy, etc. These children do not have a voice, but I do, and I will make sure it is heard. I have gotten a lot of attention in the past week from local media, as well as educational magazines, blogs, publications, etc, and will keep talking with them until the gap between the ESE and ‘normal student population’ is gone.
Blog or web site: Yeah, need to get onto that someday, probably...
Good ridiculous though. Just busy, crazy busy.
There is this phenomenon on Facebook where people can start a page called, oh, I don't know, "Mayonnaise is AWESOME!", and if your friend clicks "like" on that page it shows up in your Feed. "Megan likes 'Mayonnaise is AWESOME!'" And you even get to comment on her liking: "I know, right? Mayonnaise IS awesome!!!!!! LOLOLOLOL." So, naturally, being the mayo lover you are, you go right on over to that page and click "like" too, so all of your friends will know that you are an unapologetic aficionado of egg-n-oil emulsions.
So, while we were petsitting for my brother and his family recently, the door bell rang.
November 23 San Francisco, CA Warfield Theatre
It's a very manageable hop with only 14 blogs total.
Help me submit my brokenness and sorrow to you.
As far back as I can remember I played with Barbies. My absolute favorite thing to do whenever I got a new Barbie was to remove her from the box and promptly restyle her hair and give her a new outfit. As a result of this I had a bad habit of loosing or misplacing many of my Barbie's outfits and the majority of my Barbies were doomed to end up in a jumbled box with a number of other naked Barbies whose clothing had gone missing.
Things feel so good the way they are, don’t they?
vicarious
Who is your social media audience?
Find Justin Boots and other great deals on Cowboy boots and Cowgirl boots that can take your Western outfits to a whole new level.
This ad was particularly remarkable because Rakofsky is not licensed to practice in New York and he had never tried a case before the mistrial. It bears noting that a young lawyer was disciplined in South Carolina for a website that contained “material misrepresentations of fact and omissions of facts necessary to make the statements considered as a whole not materially misleading by mischaracterizing respondent’s legal skills and prior successes; falsely stating he handled matters in federal court; falsely stating he graduated from law school in 2005; and, listing approximately 50 practice areas in which he had little or no experience.”
Please use this website to access any of our class material. You will be able to view content of most of the Core Subjects we learn in Year 5. I will be updating content regularly.
Okay, y’all, this is essentially an irrelevant fluff post, because I lost an hour of sleep this weekend and it took extreme heroism for me not to just go straight back to bed after John and Lorelei left this morning.
I'm going with Adamek to win over Vinny Maddalone, Adamek is turning into a very busy man, this will be his fourth fight this year. I love seeing that! Why fight 1 fight a year if you can fight 4 times a year without wearing yourself out? Also I have Jesse Vargas beating Ramon Montano. Vargas is very talented, I really hope this is a televised fight.
have made over on the blog, they are absolutely beautiful,
Meg is good this way. I am guilty of thinking too much about giving and sometimes forget to
We should be extremely thankful the Lord allows us to humble ourselves. After all, it’s not as if we will not wind up humbled at some point anyway. One day, every person in this world will kneel before Jesus Christ and confess that He is Lord over all. (Philippians 2:10-11) My old Sunday School teacher, Pastor John Wilkerson, used to say that God will get the glory from your life one way or the other. Either you will humble yourself before Him, or He will humble you involuntarily.
So. Jeff has a talk with the monkey and tries to explain to him that he needed to have courage to eat the zucchini. He needed to look at it like Super Man would look at kryptonite and ATTACK the zucchini! The boy took a couple of quick breaths and ran back into the kitchen, determined to beat the dreaded green yuck. A few minutes later he came out, triumphant! Good job, monkey! You did it!
anyway, good times!
I have never felt like this before
The USPTO anticipates that it will be some time before the litigation concerning the Claims and Continuations Final Rule is finally resolved. The USPTO is concerned that some applicants may be taking preparatory action anticipating the new requirements of 37 CFR 1.78(f)(1) and (2), as added by the Claims and Continuations Final Rule, due to the possibility that the injunction by the district court in Tafas will be removed. The purpose of this notice is to aid applicants who might otherwise feel the need to take such preparatory actions by identifying the applicability date of the provisions of 37 CFR 1.78(f) in the event that the injunction by the district court in Tafas is removed.
The favorite thing about creating is having someone love what I do. They don’t have to own it. Just knowing that there is love means the world to me. Collecting? The hunt and then finding something that I did not know I wanted or needed. Then, displaying my treasures in a way that makes me smile when I see them.
But in one night, you decided to give it all away,
Since planting my spuds, the rain hasn't stopped and rain isn't always a good thing. Especially if you grow on heavy clay.
Filming is well underway on the new Star Trek film in the franchise’s ‘reboot series’. Renound actor Benedict Cumberbatch has been cast as a big bad villain in the new film, and recent filming reports show photos of the Sherlock star shooting a fight scene between his character and Spock (played by Zachary Quinto, Heroes) and Lieutenant Uhura (played by Zoe Saldana, Avatar).
If you don’t have a good handle on the topic you’re writing about, your message is not going to be effective. Before you can offer advice or inform your readers about a topic, you need to know a good deal about it. The purpose of your writing is to come off as an expert. If your content only includes the basics, your readers aren’t going to take action.
~Susan
This is what DCAnon said about Tim Higgs on the Ex Scientologist Message Board:
I did a quick search and found stumbled upon two titles that we really enjoyed. I ended up turning this into a light unit study.
My stomach and salivary glands spontaneously went into overdrive secreting gallons of digestive juices in preparation for receiving the item illustrated in glorious spotlit panoramic technicolor on the four-foot-square wall poster.
And also that I could be related to Myotonic goats.
Viv and I had a few dances but she was still suffering, so her instruction to go play was not unexpected.
Following this, we let the students work in their groups on the feasibility studies for their PA brewpub. As they worked, we also brought up some helpful websites for them to look at, including: RateBeer, the U.S. Census Fact Finder, the PA Restaurant Inspection Database, and the PLCB license search. You can find a lot of neat information on these sites, although you may NOT want to know what health infractions your favorite eatery has been sited for!
Aecht Schlenkerla Rauchbier from Brauerei Heller Bamberg was the first Rauchbier I ever tried about four or five years ago, so I was keen to revisit it. Even taking a sniff of the bottle after opening it told me this was going to be a more smokey experience. Pouring a deep ruddy brown, like well polished mahogony, it even looks smokey. The power of suggestion! The aroma isn't really as in-your-face as I recalled, but there was no mistaking that smoked ham-like tone. And to me, that's exactly what this beer tastes like. There are toffee-like flavours lurking underneath it all, but that sweet smoke dominates. The whole thing is drier than the Special offering, and this makes it a cleaner beer and easier to drink for it. I had been worried I'd find the smoke overpowering, but my memories had clearly amplified it. As it was, I found the smoke sweet and very enjoyable.
As I’ve been reading it one of my dominate thoughts has been that I don’t believe these men would be so successful if women didn’t secretly or subconsciously want to be seduced. And, if we females are honest, maybe we aren’t so unaware of the desire. Women want to feel desirable. Even those of us who claim to have too much self-esteem and self-worth to resort to turning ourselves into sex symbols still want to be seen that way once in a while. Related to that, I think we want to feel worthy of seduction, even if worth really has nothing to do with it.
Take my Facebook page, for instance. Immediately after posting about the discovery of The Bullshit’s spread to my bones, I received 36 friend requests, all from people who’d read my news, found themselves shocked and, in many cases, wanted to leave a kind word on my wall. Add a brain tumour and that ‘months-and-not-years’ talk into the mix and my daft little corner of the
I turn 'judge not lest ye be judged' on its head, rather.
“That’s the people down at the corner of the street,” I told him of their dog.
“My lady! Your body is an exquisite temptation which causes my sturdy loins to surge with manly desire. Yet I cannot succumb, for I am betrothed to a woman who at this very moment clasps my portrait to her tender, yearning bosom!”
The screenplay written by Christopher Nolan begins with Dom Cobb (Leonardo DiCaprio) and Arthur (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) who are in the subconscious mind of Saito (Ken Watanabe) extracting information dealing with international business affairs. As their efforts fail, Cobb is approached in the real world by Saito telling him that he can clear Cobb’s murder charges of his wife if he succeeds in breaking up Maurice Fischer’s (Cillian Murphy) company. Accepting the offer, Cobb and Arthur assemble a team in order to do the job. However, Ariadne (Ellen Page) the team’s architect realizes that Cobb’s haunting memory of his wife, Mal (Marion Cotillard) poses a threat to their work. But, rather than working it out, Cobb executes the job given to him by entering Fischer’s mind. Within this individual’s mind, the team experiences unlikely scenarios that pose a great risk not only to their minds, but to their body’s as well.
Hard to believe it is MAY!!!! Happy MAY Day eveyone...What happened to dancing around the May Pole? I guess too many people stopped believing in the old traditions.
One of my latest endeavours was to create coasters for the new geeky man cave I created for the hubs. (That project will be posted next week. Settle down.) I wanted something geeky, and I wanted something that wasn’t going to cost me a fortune, so that is when I decided that I should just make them.
We do have some amazing technologies other than cell phones and lap tops ... and what's happening in outer space is absolutely amazing-exciting-fascinating.
Less is More.
Eventually the other student from my class that was meeting up with us in order to go to the pub arrived. We grabbed our bags and with a deep breath I ventured out into bright daylight with the other two.
Our summer vacation is over here in Georgia, the kid started his senior year this week, and I'm enjoying all the extra time I'm getting in my scrappy room now that all the excitement is winding down and our normal weekday routine has returned. Hope you're finding time to do the things you love too!!
It's 2.30, time we were heading off to the barbeque - I'm a long way from the Camden Town of yesterday but I still feel almost as out of place ...
Except for Paul and his two travelling companions, Luke and Aristarchus, all on board that ship were unbelievers and were anticipating the worst physical death and after that the judgment (Hebrews 9:27). All of the passengers were fighting for their lives and they feared death. But Paul knew the Lord and he believed Him.
Maybe dull is over-strong. Why is it so consumed with what punctuates the traveling? The throw of a one and the sudden switch in mode to encounter. Or the mysterious appearance of a site of interest, the burned out, ivy-choked shell of a tower and the like. Granted these can be exciting, the stuff of great sessions.
However some other paintings first made by E.Munch has been part of my painting education and here you will find some examples of these.
Hello everyone and a warm welcome to the Penny Black Saturday Challenge.
Hope you are all having a good week. The weather has turned very cold here in Essex but it didn't stop me from having a lovely afternoon with friends today.
The only other issue I had is completely out of DeStefano’s hands. I don’t like how damn big my version of the book is. It’s hard to hold in one hand and read. I love the cover – except for those stupid circles again! It’s making the subtleties of the cover way too obvious, and it annoys me. Kudos to whoever read the book and said, ‘We need the following details,’ but really. I can figure out what the points of interest are just by looking and reading the book. Those circles are stupid and pointless if you’ve not read it, and redundant if you have.
Water World was created over a year ago and it seems fitting and accidental that the video Water world was completed on this Day. It features images and interpretations of life on Earth in water to the cosmos. There are images of The Saturn’s largest moon Titan and it’s lakes. Including in this video is The Waterfall Nebula and Water World Planet GJ1214b. We exists in a water world and water is everywhere. In every galaxy and dimensions. Imagine flying or swimming from one planet or dimension to another. That is off the planet. Peace to Earth and the rest of the universe.
Like all careers, aerospace is not without its challenges. “In aerospace, compared to other disciplines, everything just barely works,” says David. “If you make a plane twice as heavy as it needs to be, it won’t fly. Aerospace is a very delicate thing and the margins for error are very small, which also makes it exciting.”
For strength, for vigor, for its best,
And yet, something was different. Emboldened by the stability of everything around him, Rel shot out an arm, looking for the whisper of wild power that should come with the gesture. The Second Realm, so close by, failed to respond. He tried again, focussed on binding First-Realm logic across the divide, but even with his Clearsight active, his waving arm failed to twist Realmspace. Only air moved, swirling into fleeting, pathetic eddies.
Location-based apps thrive despite privacy concerns – Fifty-eight percent of consumers who have a smart device use location-based applications, despite concerns about safety and third-party use of their personal information for marketing purposes, according to a survey from ISACA.
This year, like last year, I took a little time out to celebrate the day the pilgrims sat down and shared a meal with an indigenous group of unsuspecting people who we later slaughtered mercilessly and forced to live on small plots of land while we sold them "fire water". I mean... we celebrated all the things we're thankful for.
Ranking the venues
She is married with three children and one adorable grandson.
8. Change our welfare state into one that promotes entrepreneurship
This entry was posted on Monday, December 12, 2011 at 2:57 PM. You can skip to the end and leave a response.
Yesterday while Briella was napping Westly came running toward me hollering something about being three and very loud (;) I gave him my best mean mommy whisper, telling him to talk quietly while Sissy is sleeping. He stopped short and stared up at me saying,
Only time will tell if they, or any of the others, make that move. But if we are going to regain our swagger in the short sprint and the relay someone will have to step up and become a solid 9.8x performer that can be counted on to consistently deliver. This season is going to tell us a lot about who that may be.
By listening to the small voice in my heart I found my true north and I was able to soak in the day with my family. Letting go of the Hallmark version in my head let me see that perfectly imperfect was a true reflection of where we are right now and celebrating in this way was exactly what I needed to have gratitude and joy fill my heart instead of the funk.
Sobbing. Hysterically upset. Hyperventilating.
Once you are inside, you are given a commemorative tasting glass that is marked at 1 oz. You will not get more than one ounce of any beer at a time. The rules are very strict about that. All that is left is to pick a line and drink some beer!
another happy thing for me too... I just finished making two cards... using Magnolia stamps for the images from Prince & Princess Collection... and I love them
Concerning Character: Tristan Hart is ...Just This Guy. He's just this guy whom everyone likes, he's just this guy who is a lifeguard, he's just this guy who is... eye candy, essentially, at Coney Island. And, he knows it..
I'm not even that old, and yet I'm thinking this way.
Or, if you are targeting those in need of wedding day insurance, why not co-market with a florist or photographer?
"So I read those posts you made for Resolve.Org and I read the page on how Family/Friends should support those who have to deal with infertility and holidays such as today. I hope you are doing well.
Given the current environs—as I watch my right to an abortion slowly erode—I find it hard to believe any imminent totalitarian government would be focused on sexual liberty, but there are still parts of Brave New World that do seem rather prescient. In the age of Facebook and Twitter, Huxley’s notion of togetherness, and the demonization of individuality, are particularly poignant. Death, in his novel, is to be accepted without fanfare; after all, “the social body remains, even if the component cells may change.” A society where the community is more important than individual members? Where those who spend time alone are considered odd? Huxley surely couldn’t have anticipated computers, let alone social networking, but he ends up not too far off the mark.
“On the light side everyone thinks they are the most important, that their own understandings, or their group’s understandings, are the key. There’s a diversity of cultures and opinions, so there is competition, diffusion, and no single focus.
So, I signed up for Facebook to keep up with folks. Fair enough. I found it interesting to know when someone was going to the store, or brushing their teeth, or having a new child, or getting a new job. I also enjoyed seeing little tidbits of information they would throw out to the world, just for the hell of it. See, it’s the little things that make you feel like you’re more involved in someone’s life than you really are.
Well the dinner was not the best Chinese food I've eaten, but it was pretty good. I will think of this story every time I enjoy a frozen dinner from now on.
This fantastic card was entered by
Nic is controlling this round as Jake is unable to get up. Nic is attempting to trap an arm, and now Jake reverses (much to the pleasure of the crowd).
Now, give us (your readers) time to know your character and become interested in her, and then we will care. But, starting right out of the gate with a character waxing rhapsodic is like having some stranger in the checkout line start telling you about her nasty divorce. It’s just weird.
Not a fan of resolutions – though I am a big fan of goals and plans. Spending some time today looking forward and collecting my thoughts for what I would like to see happen in the coming year. Not so much a resolution as a map of intentions and promises to myself. Doesn’t need a change in the calendar year to happen – but there is a clean neatness to this mark of time – so why not take advantage of the moment and create some momentum?
Now, I don't mean to brag or anything, but it's almost as if someone in charge heard my grumblings of discontent, and decided to do something about it. Lest I should be displeased again....
Got to the lake, finally... great views out there. Got the misting system done today. I had to paint the pipes and the valve that I put in, but I got to do it on a raft on the side of the boat house. I like marine plumbing more than I had imagined. That paint won't last 6 months, but it was worth it.
Finish off leaving a long end.
Barack Obama wasn’t raised within any village of African or African American Culture or Thought. According to Obama, his biological parents, Obama, Sr. and Ann Stanley Dunham, met at a Russian language class at East-West Center (EWC) at Hawaii University (HU) in 1959 or 1960.[29]
In order to understand PJAM, you have to understand what I was like back then. I was a weird kid, and I pretty much didn’t understand the whole friendship thing. I didn’t understand why people made friends in school. I was like, I go to school to learn, not to have friends. Besides, I already had lots of friends, and they were my cousins. Erika, Erinn, Eroll, Erijah, Era, and Annika lived next door, so I had enough playmates. My mom would tell me, Why don’t you go out and play with the neighbors? I would say Ma, I don’t have to befriend the world. I didn’t think I was shy. I just didn’t get the friends thing. I mean if you already had six playmates, why do you need more? It was like friendship gluttony. People interpreted my behavior as shyness and that label stuck. I became shy even if I really wasn’t.
Jackson Meyer is hiding a secret. He can time-travel. But he doesn't know how he does it, how to control it or what it means. When Jackson, and his girlfriend Holly, find themselves in fatal danger, Jackson panics and catapaults himself two years into his past, further than he's ever managed before, and this time he can't find a way back to the future. All the rules of time-travel he's experienced so far have been broken and Jackson has no choice but to pretend to be his younger self whilst he figures out a solution. Jackson is tearing himself apart with guilt and frustration, wondering if Holly survived. He's also become the target of an unknown enemy force and it seems even his dad is lying to him. Jackson is racing against time to save the girl he loves, but to do that he must first discover the truth about his family and himself. And stay alive.
Oh, and can you believe I have no family photos to share??!! Can't believe I haven't whipped that camera out for almost 2 weeks.... well, aside from this yesterday. I just couldn't resist. What holiday is complete without playdates and sugar?
We cannot know its size or shape. The appearance of light itself turns out to be a real secret; we cannot see that which we use to see everything else” (Source : http://www.oxygraphics.co.uk/photons.htm)
Lanigan gave no sign that he recognized Tanner.
MORALS: Sometimes the bad guy isn’t who you think it is.
is a young boy who can see ghosts, and soon he will have to deal with ghosts, zombies and adults in a race to break a curse that has taken grip of his town. Visually the movie excites me, and I think that we need more children’s movies that delve into darker territory. Also any trailer that uses Season of the Witch as its music choice, instantly gets two thumbs up.
Pinch of pepper
We told everyone goodbye and went home to change clothes and head to Leah's friend Violet's birthday party. That was a blast! The kids got to ride on a little train, that went pretty fast. Ben sat by Aurora, and apparently they love each other. I'm glad her mom let me know! They held hands to sit by each other on the train. Then Ben hung his head off the side like a puppy. Good times! He's still a kiddo, that's for sure! He played with her a few times, but mainly concentrated on downing some serious amounts of food! I was impressed! Violet loved her present! After the party, we went to the Zoo (that's right by the train) and their family was there too, so our kids played more together and looked at the animals. There aren't many animals at our zoo, so it doesn't take long. I enjoyed being downwind from the roses! Aaahhhh... I kept the kids away from home as long as I could, so Scott only had Cecilia for almost four hours. I took TONS of pictures, and made the mistake of deleting half of them before they were all downloaded. Whoops!
When something is left alone in New York, it usually falls apart, like Admiral's Row at the Brooklyn Navy Yards, or the shabby detritus of the 1964 World's Fair in Flushing Meadows Corona-Park, and becomes something less than it was before. There's a place on the border of Brooklyn and Queens where neglect has led to something good, something bigger than the sum of the parts that were left.
Please bare with me as I move through this,
The sun just blinks, then folds again
There may be more as well but honestly we won't know until almost the day of so come on out!
Englisch Oel is the nickname that was given to English ale imported to Germany around the end of the eighteenth and beginning of the nineteenth century.
Every color of every room or project I've done in the last 10 years has made their way to the front of this tee shirt! :) I love my paint shirt!
Mondo and I are delighted that so many of you have made it across to listen in live, but appreciate that a rigid radio time slot (with no 'listen again' facility as yet) is not as convenient to everyone as podcasting. So we are attempting to make our own recordings of the live shows, to continue with the podcasting option for those who can't tune in live.
I should know that by now.........right!! lol
I know it's not Christmas-y, but it's worth sharing.
Aiming at the dreams of the innocent, people who had a right to look forward for a brighter future for their country and themselves. Free of being bullied, hated and looked down upon because of being different only to have a dark shadow cast over them by the invasion of the soldiers.
Our house smells like a pickle factory! Pinny is on, cauldrons are steaming late into the night and the perrenial search for jars is on.
I’ve got to get this figured out. The end of May is coming fast, and I have to be at least upright ON SKATES before I go to the first training sessions. It’s put up or shut up time.
It was a quaint little 'stalls only' theatre that ran 'second-run' films. I learned how to clean the projection room, which was no easy chore, polishing floors and brass, dusting everywhere. It was like being in the army. I worked twelve hours a day five days a week. The lavatory had an opening at the bottom of the door and my initiation ceremony was to be locked in and be exposed for a short time to the smoking burning fumes of nitrate film wrapped in burning newspaper! As it turned out, the Century was an ideal training ground and amongst the interesting experiences was to see a fellow projectionist partially mangle his finger in the intermittent sprocket, during the screening of the Norman Wisdom Comedy "A Stitch In Time", in an attempt to avoid stopping the film when the film ripped on the projector. The only time I saw this film in colour was when the film was being repaired on the rewind bench stained with his blood! During my time at the Century Cinema I had an offer to work at the Odeon in Southend, but felt I wasn't ready. In September 1964 I finally accepted and, looking back, spent the two happiest years of my working life there.
All Without Fear!
It's election day and hopefully everyone across the country is getting ready to head into voting booths to pull the lever for their favorite candidates. I used to work on political campaigns so I am always filled with excitement and pride on this very special day. For campaign operatives, there is little to do the night before the election but just wait it out until the next day for "get out the vote efforts." I used to have a hard time sleeping the night before election day and had to do something with my nervous energy. For those of you who knew me during that time, you probably remember what I did. BAKE! I would bake away my big chocolate chip cookies all night and then bring them in the next day to share with the whole campaign team. In honor of my old tradition and election day, I've attached this great election day cookie recipe that I found from the Taste of Home site.
What do you think would be the best solution? I could really use some extra input on this one people - even if you've never left me a comment before, I'd love to hear what you think!
Then, in the late 1990s, I became Executive Director of the Independent Publishers Guild. I had the luck to be at the organisational heart of that trade body during a time of enormous change. During my tenure, the UK book industry was first learning how to take advantage of Print-on-Demand technologies to keep backlist in print, and to control cash – and at the same time many of us first started worrying about eBooks.
i'll show you pictures of the dance, if i get any good ones!
KTC D.McGrath Carfire 8<U+2033> x 32<U+2033>
There are a lot of people who find poetry to be obscure and inaccessible, and to those people I say “Go read Emily Dickinson.” Dickinson’s concrete, relatable poems have a music to them that has been compared to church hymns—they’re easy to sing along with. Check out her poem “I’m nobody! Who are you?” if you’re looking for comforting words from a good friend. “Hope is the thing with feathers”, another incredibly popular Dickinson poem, will lift you up on your worst days.
9. John Cena pinned Brock Lesnar to piss away the biggest opportunity the WWE has ever had
The result is a montage of moving, magical moments from the original campaign images: romantic, ethereal and in keeping with the aesthetics and theme of Mulberry's Spring Summer 2011 season.
So, we have 4 parties who each want something from the area. Now we don’t know if this is possible, but it is a very large area and it seems that with a little bit of vision and boldness there may be a solution; a solution that may not give everybody exactly what they want but at least ensure that ALL interests are taken into FULL consideration.
As I read it, I was reminded of all the information I had read I the last 3 years about the dangers of aspartame not to mention aspartame’s direct negative effect on individuals with another metabolic disorder I have been learning more and more about recently: PKU. In addition, I was reminded of a book called Excitotoxins: The Taste That Kills. It is a fairly technical read and while I have not read it cover to cover, I have skimmed it – and the main point of the doctor who wrote it is: Aspartame (and MSG) disrupt brain chemistry in harmful ways. Here is the cliff notes version of the book on video (my favorite way to “read”):
Paul Dano ("There Will Be Blood") is the star in "Gigantic," filming on Cadman Plaza West in Brooklyn Heights today. McBrooklyn got a photo as crews were setting up this morning. (That's the Park Plaza diner on the left in the photo.) We'll try to update as filming gets started.
1 package of taco seasoning mix or Taco Seasoning Blend below
And extras like this aside, I love that I can just nip around the corner to buy beers I've never had before. I never thought I'd see the day.
We concede an argument can be made that some of the Fed’s purchases of mortgage securities has been a monetization of bad debt but these securities are being paid off at maturity, we assume, and are rolling off the Fed’s balance sheet. The proceeds, of which, are being used to purchase more securities.
I once bought a card that featured a cantankerous elderly woman. She said, “Lord, give me patience. And can you hurry it up.”
1536: Reach Tobu Nikko station, take a leisurely 1 hour stroll back to hotel
(This tactic only works however if A. Your female. And B. Your breast are bigger then a size A.)
This is an obsession I could do without. I'm feeling poor at the moment from all of the shopping I've been doing non-stop for the past few months and it doesn't make it any better that my husband keeps on warning me about a serious financial crisis out there. (Where?)
While serving make sure you dish up the delicious butter sauce. I served it with home baked bread which comes in handy to scoop the excess sauce. Some field greens dressed in a orange vinaigrette makes for a perfect side!
Ben is disgusted with himself for being attracted to someone so very young, yet he can’t get his cute parcel delivery boy out of his mind. One early scene I really enjoyed writing was when Ben can’t cope without his daily Ollie fix over the weekend, so stakes out the local park where Ollie has told him he skates:
And it will only get hotter. Even in the best of times, April and May can be most unpleasant in Bamako. To make matters worse, Mali’s hot season is also the period when the supply of electricity is lowest (due to declining water levels behind hydroelectric dams at Selingue and Manantali after months of seasonal drought), at the same time that demand peaks. Which for most city residents means blackouts and sweltering nights in stuffy concrete-block houses, deprived of ceiling fans and air conditioning.
Kye, the reason I’m here. Kye, my brightly dyed, red haired best friend, disappeared three and a half years ago. This is the last place Andrew told me she was.
Well, let me put that a different way. I checked my bill for a number. It told me to go to their website which sent me on a wild goose chase to find a number to call. And when I called, it sent me down the rabbit hole of options before giving me an option to speak with someone directly.
"Mine."
What made Barry change his mind, and what does this mean for self-publishing?
Oh, what joy to read a book and laugh. And laugh. And laugh again. Just the title alone of Auslander's previous book, the memoir Foreskin's Lament, was enough to raise a titter but his first novel provides laugh after laugh and has an audacious but simple concept at its heart: a man discovers an old woman living in his attic. She claims to be Anne Frank. He obviously wants her out of his house but who wants to be the man to rat on Anne Frank? Especially if you're Jewish! That man is Solomon Kugel, a man who has moved his wife, two-year old son and ageing mother out of New York and into a farmhouse in the anonymous rural town of Stockton, a place 'famous for nothing' (although a spate of arsons recently threatens to undo that), in order to protect them all from the horrors of the modern world. He is a man who makes note of the famous last words of others in his constant search for a fitting bon mot for his own demise, a man whose mother, despite being born in America the year after the Second World War ended, believes that she is a survivor from the Nazi concentration camps, a man who will find himself neglecting his own family in order to protect the old woman in his loft who has subsisted on a diet of rodents whilst also relieving herself in his air-vents.
Dr. David Starkey was correct when he said about last years riots that “whites were adopting black culture”, for, despite the valiant efforts of the media to report only on the white perpetrators, the fact is that black people involved in the rioting were over represented in terms of their numbers within society by over 2,000% , South Asians were over represented by 75% yet whites were under represented by 61% (it didn't look like that on the TV news did it?). Political correctness may dictate that we call the urban uprisings of 2010 “the English Riots” but it was not native English culture which we saw on display.
Sorry, but he hosted a couple of really shitty music shows. Have you ever listened to the New Year’s countdown? Holy shit, it was absolutely hideous.
Requires (2) 32 watt T8 linear energy-efficient fluorescent bulbs
Buy e-book: While I beg you not to pirate a free copy of the book, if you want to buy an e-copy, there are tons of ways to do it now. You can either read it on your e-reader or just download it to the computer and read it that way. Or even to your smart phone. This is probably the wave of the future of books, though I know not everyone likes it right now.
3. Fry the chicken for about 2 minutes a side, until there is no pinkness when you cut into a piece. Make sure the pan’s hot so that the escalopes catch a little, turning beautifully bronze.
When I was a kid I used to sell stuff. My mother encouraged me because she wanted me to become a businesswoman. I eventually stopped because it was hard to keep track of the businesses and keep up with my homework.
Participants are poets who are dedicated to spend the whole day promoting and celebrating poetry. By volunteering to reach out, make positive comments or encouragements to blogs that are new, these poets demonstrate leadership capacity and become backbone of future poetry advocacy leaders and seasoned poetry readers and writers.
The Death Knight was my first character to level 85, and the first I wanted to take to raids. I also now have a Hunter and Druid at 85, and the Paladin, Warlock, and Priest are stuck at 80, with a shamble of Shamans and others throughout the 30s to 70s. In 2008 I said I’d not ever have a Hunter and now its 85 – the game changes you.
kids stuck forced to wish
Lose weight and get fit and healthy.
It is a very common side effect from brain surgery, to develop a condition called Aphasia. Marissa's condition is more of a moderate Broca Aphasia. Basically, everything she knows and has learned her entire life, is still inside the brain- but her mouth is having a hard time pronouncing those things. It's just a dissconnection from brain directing the mouth what to say. SO TRUST ME she definitely doesn't need anything watered down for her, she just needs understanding from people around her. She is still our spicy little Marissa- she just has to push thru the after effects of such a large surgery.
It is this incestuous and deeply un-American collusion between the press and Mr. Obama that gave the president the astonishing bravado to come out the next day and joke about the incident by asking: “Are the mics on?”
Hold on
The use of standard risk assessment forms is an important exercise that not only helps you to make the workplace safer for your staff and eliminate accidents, but also helps you comply with the relevant health and safety legislation. This set of template standard risk assessments forms helps you follow a systematic method of looking at work activities and assessing what could go wrong.
Reason for Choosing: The main character of Cabin in the Woods, which I saw today. It was spectacular. See it!
Stir in brown sugar, vinegar, and black pepper, to taste. Cook for an additional 15 minutes or until onions start to carmelize.
speaks in volumes, where we have a clearer understanding on the termintimacy.To draw
The palate was round spicy and vibrant at first, while the mid-palate became very traditional showing classic dry, leathery, earthy, dusty and mineral characters making this medium bodied wine elegant with great freshness and vitality.
Patriot plans to provide updated earnings guidance for 2012, including anticipated thermal coal volume, when it announces its first quarter earnings.
Just think.
As a promotional gag to get people to the new blog, I started a caption contest. The person who submits the winning caption to the picture at the top of this post (the one with the weird monkey thing) will get a dollar. That's right. $1 American. Cash. Moolah. Out of my own pocket. But to win you have to post a comment over at FLARC (that's kind of the point of the contest).
15. Drain Bramaged
Other than stuffing our faces, watching Adventure Time and dying each other's hair, one of the main points of the trip was to discuss a future project that we have been discussing for a while, but it's a secret! (Unless one of the other girls have mentioned it on their blogs, or you have me on twitter) but here's some preliminary planning!
After the meeting, McChrystal abruptly left and did not go in to attend the full staff war meeting.
Heat a large heavy-bodied saucepan over medium high heat. Once hot, add the olive oil and swirl it around so it coats the base of the pan. Add the onions and cook, stirring rather frequently, for a good ten minutes or until they are soft and well-browned. Add the garlic and cook for another couple minutes. Turn down the heat, and add the coriander, cumin and chili powder, stirring for a minute so the spices get slightly toasty and fragrant, but don't burn.
The Open Graph initiative represents a very strong way to connect the social media experiences of your community, creating a vast interconnected web (really) of information, recommendations, and discovery that you can use to communicate with potential new community members. Try putting the Facebook Like button on your site and see what happens.
Naturally, I was ecstatic. After all, we'd got nothing in for dinner, so at least we wouldn't have to fork out for a suspect take-away. I started pulling out the largest roasting dish from the back of the cupboard but SP stopped me.
17. Slappy - What She Said
Focus. I need to get through this. Sorry awesome fall coats, boots, hats, sweaters and scarves, but you're just going to have to wait until next year when I can buy you in a thrift store for 1/10 the price. Of course, I do have a closet swap party coming up on October 14, so lets just focus on that.
White Castle sliders* and cheeseburgers*
7. On the pipe
progressive taxation/disproportionate taxation
The Pentagon has been diligent in shoring up repressive regimes and helping to repress any democratic movements.
And you never can tell how close you are,
Animism is completely compatible with science, reason and logic. This is the default human spirituality, hard-wired into our brains. And it does not simply mean that one anthropomorphises every little thing, but that one understands why we must anthropomorphise things like the Mother of Nature.
data, including softer labor market figures, have fueled fears that the economy may have lost some strength as the second quarter got under way. Those worries were partly offset by data from an industry group on Tuesday that showed a better-than-expected pick-up in the manufacturing sector last month.
Then after supper I tackled a bigger job - the blue border. I edged it, weeded it, planted up forget me not divisions and watered.
But it comes down to resources, and knowing where to look.
It's a pen.
Similarly, the creature Bailey describes in “Alternate Reality” in a story of only three paragraphs is a composite animal. It seems to have the head of a human attached to a nonhuman body. The creature has six green eyes with “incredibly long matching eyelashes” along with “ten foot concertina-style legs.” The creature is a male but could have been any of four possible sexes and, most importantly, the creature can speak with what appears to be a human voice, for with cryptic humor, it says, “I’m sorry Sophie, it’s not you, it’s me.”
It's been fun, but UD is now over. I'm working on a new music project that I can't pass up. I want to thank all the 3,000 - 5,000 daily visitors for making UniqueDaily.com fun while it lasted. Cya later, alligator! -- Michael
She blinked as he walked away. Different. Yes. That was one way of looking at it. She started twirling the necklace she always wore; a necklace, her mother told her, was given by her father just before he left. He left, so her mother told her, because he had to.
If it captures any semblance of support among the Malay community, it would be because of Dr M, tacit support for it. But what next? Perkasa as an entity that exists simply because of some quarters’ anxiety or downright disillusionment over PM Najib’s 1Malaysia inclusiveness?
*Sarah*
The phlog acts like the backburner acted when it first came out; no airblasts, more damage. Actually, with how the bb is played now, it just works like a second backburner. W+M1 everywhere. Boom. Charred mess all over the floor.
Prime Minister Gilani stood before the SC to hear the verdict in contempt case for not implementing the apex court’s ruling on the National Reconciliation Ordinance (NRO).
1236. Meatball Sub from Wawa (Wayne, PA) @ Home – 9:36 p.m.
I strode with purpose into the anteroom outside of the Oval Office on my way to see the President. The President’s receptionist attempted to stop me, but one look at my intense demeanor was enough to convince her that I would not take kindly to being hassled or delayed. Five strides and I was across the room, forcefully opening the door, and making one last mental check of all the information I needed to relate to the Commander in Chief. I knew I would be interrupting a meeting the President was having with some of his top advisors, but this situation could not wait.
And davey, next time you feel a pressure on your right side, or a nagging headache, you may just want to wonder, “Is that Garcia stretching?”
At twenty-one years old, I had told God I was tired of immature young men and would therefore be hanging up the wishy-washy dating game – at least for a few years - and instead would give Him my undivided attention.
And as we sat around the table, we shared stories of Grandpa Friesen. His life, his last moments, his wit, his faith. And as we told these stories and heard new ones, we all understood something more about our heritage, our identity. I looked over at my Uncle during this reminiscing time; tears were forming in the back of us eyes as we laughed and shared. I looked at my Grandma who listened with pride to hear stories from her husband's life. And I wouldn't trade this Thanksgiving for anything.
“Allison has had a favorable response to the first course of chemotherapy for acute megakaryocytic leukemia,” says Susan K. Storch, MD, Chief of Pediatric Oncology at Kaiser Permanente’s Woodland Hills Medical Center.
He pointed out that Jesus’ disciples, shortly after they came back from their first preaching and healing tour, behaved in ways that showed great immaturity. They argued about who was the greatest among them. They tried to keep a man from driving out demons in Jesus’ name, because he wasn’t part of their group. They wanted to call fire out of heaven to consume a town that didn’t welcome Jesus.
“Find some dry ground and send two scouts to track the American”, Wei ordered.
inspire our stewardship,
As you guys know that I liked Kpop so much, I wanted to write and talk about the bad side; the thing that people dislike and what is really not good. I’d like to write these things from my experience and knowledge about K-pop and keep it as objective as possible.
After making a muslin to check the fit (amazingly all my grading and adjusting worked) I cut into my fabric- red Ponte de Roma knit from Hancock's. This stuff was a dream to work with- easy to sew and easy to wear, too. All those curved seams went together like magic!
The new Play Store app also improves the way you can sort reviews. It lets you sort reviews by either the most helpful or the most recent. It also lets you apply a filter so you see only the reviews for the latest version of an app, or only the reviews done by people with the same phone (or tablet) as you are using. Given that apps can behave quite differently between updates, or across the different hardware and software combinations used in the Android ecosystem, we find this to be a welcome set of improvements to the app discovery process.
When your heart is broken for the first time, feel the pain but don’t dwell. Everyone has to have the one boy or girl that cuts them deep. If you don’t have them, you’ll never learn to appreciate the successful relationships in your life. But even though you shouldn’t forget them, DON’T go back to them. Come now…mama didn’t raise no fool. I don’t care how much they claim to have changed, if it didn’t work the first time there’s about a 94% chance that it won’t work out the second time around. Would you bet on those odds?
Now, this story is a real, real, old one. In fact it's so old,
Scars on Broadway, the collaboration between guitarist/vocalist Daron Malakian and drummer John Dolmayan, will make its network television debut on Tuesday, October 14 with an appearance on ABC-TV's "Jimmy Kimmel Live." While two songs will be broadcast on-air, the band will perform a free, five-song mini-concert on Kimmel's Outdoor Stage located right in the heart of Hollywood, CA, Scars on Broadway's home base.
I’m opening a challenge to my readers today. I’ve had to take some time off drinking beer due to travel and a pinch of sickness, but its wearing off and I’m getting thirsty. I have one update to do from my trip. After that one comes out, however, I’m getting right back at the task at hand. 1 beer at a time.
From the humour to the action it’s all been done great. Nobody else could make this character as serous and funny as Arnold Schwarzenegger did and will never be able to replace his ability to do that. A great example of this would be when Harry Tasker has to chase a terrorist through New York with the terrorist on a motorbike and Harry on a police horse “and please hurry, my horse is getting tired” nobody could do that line as serious and without humour in their voice as Schwarzenegger. This must have been the first film I had seen with Schwarzenegger in and clearly put me on the right path of action and comedy films, in saying that I was only 8 years old so might explain a lot about my opinions (not sure why my parents let me see this when I was 8 but am not complaining).
Monday was a busy day; I was out of the house at half eight to go to work at one job, then back for a quick lunch before dashing out for the three-mile walk to the other job. Then I went and grabbed a couple of hours in the university library, ploughing through the opening scenes of 'Bad Romance', before going to the kick-off party, where I did hardly any writing but did meet a bunch of cool folks.
I absolutely love Carolina beach. It was exactly what I pictured in my head of a sleepy beach town.
later .... Jack: "How are we going to get Grandma and give her a hug?"
I was so happy leaving work yesterday that I knew I was smiling from ear to ear. I got home and there was a big package sitting on my porch. The part-time sales rep at my company told me she ordered us a gift and it was being shipped today. I figured it just came early. I opened it and read the card. It was from one of my clients. How nice is that? I couldn't believe it! It was so thoughtful of her.
They couldn’t go real beefy with the surround because I wanted a DEEP mantel and enough space around the fire box to install tile. So in order to make that work, the sides were a bit thinner, but the molding and mantel were chunkaaaay.
Yikes! I must get back on track. SO – if you’re thinking of picking up the book, do it, do it!
Entertainment was also an important past-time for the President, as he hosted a Cinco de Mayo Reception, and greeted the Kentucky men’s basketball team.
The other night I ran across a new-to-me group called Rend Collective Experiment. I'm totally loving it, lots of good lyrics that actually glorify Christ. Sadly, even in so-called Christian music this is a rarity!
I shall take time out from moaning about my inner ear dysfunction to share with you a hilarious phone interchange I had with Trish the other day.
To note upon the haly table,
Now the "choice" for autistics is either to undergo unlimited "medically necessary" ABA (no other kind will do), or to be institutionalized, to live in restraints and to have our teeth pulled. Maybe institutions have gotten to be old hat. Maybe the powers that be have become inured their daily bombardment of messages that autistics just naturally belong in institutions. So Ms Lewis, being an eminent autism advocate, had to make things a little more compelling.
CONSERVATIVE: scone
I am sure you have already guessed but just to ensure that you know this is a wrist worn heart rate monitor about the size of a wrist watch. Once you look at this unit you will see that it looks pretty much like some other sport watch that you may find in just about any store. Nevertheless when you look at the characteristics that come with this watch you will find that it can do so much more. You will find that the feature that really stands apart is the fact that this particular watch will monitor your heart rate, and when it comes to physical exercise this is key.
If you have never heard of Mary Jane or her magazine you should check it out. It embodies, I think what we prim girls are always trying to achieve, living life at it's fullest through creativity, self sufficiency and time tested, tried and true wisdom/methods.
Shelvey – Shows promise, but will he ever fully make the grade. I doubt it.
I am more than a bit groggy, having been kept awake until 4:30 AM by my heedless upstairs neighbors (who says that Neanderthals are dead?.) But while sleep is short, blogging is eternal so here is the Saturday post .
Yes, it is. Not because the process is hard or complicated. The ‘how to’ is very simple.
Feels good to know about the real pulpy deal, right? C’mon show me a smile on the comment box, and you might win yourself a Really Pulpy Deal! (That’s a chance to win a Minute Maid gift pack simply by commenting. Sweet! C'mon you just might be picked as the lucky 'commentor'!)
Out of 25 girls, just one didn't earn any: while my original thought was that half the girls might earn some and that might inspire the other half, since it was just one girl I did give her a general badge instead, as I didn't want to single her out.
It's kind of like high school. When you're a senior, you look at the freshman and think--wow, I can't believe they're getting excited over that. But when YOU were a freshman, you had that same enthusiasm because it was new to you.
This will update the /etc/vfstab file so that volume devices are
2) I hate never being able to consume anything at its intended temperature. I happen to like my coffee hot and my ice cream cold. I also enjoy sitting down to eat at a leisurely pace. I do not particularly care for standing in the corner of the kitchen in the dark, scarfing down a handful of sugary cereal so that the babies won’t see me and complain about their cheerios. I also am not a fan of eating my dinner cold and alone after everyone else is finished because I had to stop a million times to redirect a child and remind her to put food in her mouth…oh, and then swallow that food.
I could not resist this awesome Doctors/Dentists Cabinet and it was a very reasonable price.
I also picked up the Red Carpet gel nail kit...
6. Bake for 50 to 60 minutes, until the meat loaf is cooked through (the loaf will start to pull away from the sides of the pan). Let the meat loaf stand for 5 minutes before slicing.
In full
First I passed my class!
The lack of focus on training and fundraising tends to bring more things to the surface. The fact that I’ve had a rough time finding a job when I finish my fellowship. That our sweet kitty passed. That we almost had to move out when our landlord decided to raise the rent. That we don’t really know where we’ll be in the next few months. It’s been quite a year, so much that I can definitely say my best day was running a marathon in 89 degrees.
I LOVE B&BW hand soaps. I know, hand soap is hand soap, but these smell so good. After trying one I was hooked and have stuck with it since. I buy 6 or 7 at a time (whatever the deal is) and always try the new scents. My current scent is the fresh picked cherries... amazing. I will continue to buy these as long as they make them.
Don't think of yourself as being in the same race with author-artists-- think of yourself as being in the same Olympics. If you both end up on the winners' stand, it will be for different skills, but your accomplishments will both be worthy of the honor.
I was finally forced to pull under an anonymous person's overhang and knock on their door. They gave me a towel to cover my stuff, but they too were without a car, as many people are on this Base. Families only have one car and half the time your car is en route to or from Turkey anyways. So it's the only way she could help me. By the time I got home I was drenched and had given up trying to keep my glasses clean a long time ago.
Marvelous Russian authors are noted for their very real portrayals of the lives of their fellow citizens. Alexander Pushkin, Fyodor Dostoyevsky, and Leo Tolstoy are among the nation’s best-known writers. Stage plays by Anton Chekhov are gripping and true-to-life. Writer Alexsandr Solzhenitsyn won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1970 for describing his life in a prison camp twenty years earlier. He had protested against the Communist system and was sent to Siberia for his beliefs.
A grand total of 37000 people saw iCarly’s first webcast! And the gang celebrate it by throwing a Crazy Hat party!
Whether it are the architectural details at ancient
The recent speech by the Attorney-General Dominic Grieve on Human Rights, The European Court of Justice and the principle of subsidiarity
Fighting = 15 bucks
When I got home, I decided to poll my Facebook friends about Britax and to check out the Britax reviews online. I was pleasantly surprised on both accounts. First, I had some very good Britax reviews from my friends (this means the most to me). Then, the online reviews were great too. And then…the best part of all…I found the Britax stroller and car seat on Amazon for MUCH cheaper! Score! So, it has been decided. We have our stroller and car seat. One step closer to being ready for our little Bun to make his entrance into the world. Now, we just have to figure out how to install the base into the car.
According to the Historic District report (2007) on the neighborhood, “The major invention of the Arbuckle firm was a machine that efficiently packed roasted and ground coffee — filling, weighing, sealing, and labeling the packages so that they could be efficiently shipped throughout the world and sold in small packages to consumers. The coffee was marketed under the name ‘Ariosa’ or ‘Arbuckle Ariosa.’ Arbuckle was the largest coffee roasting and shipping firm in North America.”
Baked Prawns Head-On With Caramelized
Pat: Tornado Siren is about a meteorologist who studies tornadoes, who meets up with a man who claims to have an odd, mystical connection to tornadoes. According to Ben, he’s been wandering the earth for centuries, from twister to twister. As a scientist, Victoria finds his claims completely unbelievable, but she sees something that shakes her certainty. She ends up walking across Kansas with him to find out if his story is true. In the process, they fall for each other. In terms of genre, I’d label it as a paranormal love story, though it’s also partly a road trip story and disaster novel.
1. Bug Out
After Sainte-Ermine, I got lost. I’d obviously mapped the route incorrectly as the SatNav route said that I should turn right, through someone garden. I went on a bit, doubled back and checked again when I saw a woman going towards her house Second of two extremes of French hospitality coming. I asked her where the route went from here and she pointed me in the right direction. I thanked her and asked if I could fill my bidons with tap water. She obliged and asked me to come in. She even asked if I wanted a coffee. I declined the coffee, filled the bottles up and spoke about the Tour with her and her husband for about 15 minutes. Why can’t everyone be like that?
Block and Piecing: Drunkards Path block, in a Scalloped layout
These are the heroes of the day. They have the biggest hearts. They slowed down to run with others and extended a spirit that isn't often seen at races like BOSTON. The went outside of themselves and embraced the bigger picture.
Bye bye C’ya!
This 12 X 12 Layout was done for a challenge and the reason I chose the theme 'dream' and this photo is because right now, my dream is feeling as good as I did when I took that photo back in December, just before the holidays, just before this whole 'hip problem' began to escalate...and I will you know, get back there I mean.
5) “Facemash is the first online network but, if Mark Zuckerberg create an online social network the Facebook is growing up 1 million users. ”
But now I find myself saying 'flat' instead of 'apartment', 'mobile' instead of 'cell phone', 'cash point' instead of 'ATM', 'rubbish' instead of 'garbage', 'pudding' instead of 'dessert' and on and on. It cant' be helped.
There is much, more more. Our textbooks are purposely being written to give a false, benign picture of Islam.
"I? Heavens no. I'm blessed with more brains and opportunities than many people, but there's nothing about me that breaks out of the ordinary mold."How would you rate the book?
Joshua is looking for contributions at any level to help him reach his goal of 7000 dollars and he is already over half way there. In addition to helping an amazing photographer, the donation is tax deductible and based on how much you pledge you may receive a thank you gift. So if you have a moment please click on the link and consider helping Joshua complete his work at Point Pleasant.
* pain in tailbone and hip area
This evening I'm going to get working on some swop goodies and I'm also going to make another T.O for my hubby. We've been married for 6 months today! And he's cross stitched me another card!! (He hasn't made it up yet though so I'll post it when he has). He was joking with my Mum on the phone that he's 'cross stitch crazy' now!! Rather than making him presents, I'll have to start getting him kits to make up himself!
of course I took the shortcut and only put 2 brackets up instead of 3,
82. Drinking Problem -- Rehab
Thus atheists live in cognitive dissonance believing things that are obligatorily self-contradictory.
She continued on, “You see. We’ve been on this train for ten hours already. Two hours before you boarded and I had a dream. In my dream Americans, who look like you, came on this train and sat right next to me. They, well… you told me ‘we have news that will change your life forever’. So when I saw you all enter our coach, I almost couldn’t believe it! I’d shared the dream with my mother and it shocked her to see you here as well. And now you’re sharing the news!”
Cashew nuts, ½ cup (optional)
The balloon had more patches on it than his grandmother’s quilt. The pilot climbed into the basket with his bag, checked the air-burner frames, and told the guard to cut him loose.
Wash the cucumbers, cut off the ends, and slice into thick wedges.
Of course very few people would deny that the character of American schoolchildren has changed dramatically over the decades.
In 2001 Andrea McIntosh and her team launched the Neighbourhood Networks scheme which was initially designed to help and empower those who were described as having a learning disability. Such has been the success of the project the Neighbourhood Network model has been taken on to try to help integrate those who may be suffering from mental health issues.
10AM – get up. eat some more.
Let’s start with the casinos…why not? I’m the one running this blog, right? Well, mainly.
But I'm happy with how the story turned out. The book is called THE DAY BEFORE and I'm celebrating it's release today!
My legs and feet are massively swollen most days, which is extraordinarily painful, and my legs, from knees to ankles, are covered with large, fluid-filled, inflamed, blisters, also very painful.
RCA R223651
The Master Playwright, He woos the drama out of us. He beckons forth the fire to match the scene playing out in our lives. Truth prevails in His Story, and He longs to pull the truth out of our hearts. Out of our thoughts. The painful truth that burns like a fire within us.
India is a vast country and has been on of the most sought after countries in the world for vacations. There are a number of fascinating holiday destinations in this country which appeals tourists and vacationers from all over the world. Indian holiday destinations offer ample opportunities for tourism and an unforgettable experience with their charm and attraction. They offer excellent accommodation facilities for holidaymakers. During holidays in this country vacationers will have ample opportunities to explore the diverse charm of this country and unique cultural and geographical features.
We have been very busy around here -getting ready for Valentine's Day.
The sun shone through each grain of dirt, through to the minute holes in her casket, and rushed towards her naked body, its rays beating on her glistening surface. Like an exhausted ballerina she then drew her hands back to her sides, relaxing back into her perpetual slumber, smiling sweetly for the first time in her death.
That's all I have, but I'd like to hear from you...if you had to pick two songs favorite songs, what would you choose? Thanks for dropping by
When you're visiting the Louvre and ogling all those amazing masterpieces from your art history books, it's easy to forget that the Louvre was first and foremost, not a museum, but a royal residence. That is, it was until Louis XIV decided to decamp Paris for the grander setting of Versailles. And despite the many renovations over the centuries, the galleries still bear the marks of the kings who used to live there. Here are just a few I captured on a recent visit:
5. Amaryllis-snowdrop-poinsettia...your favorite winter blossom?
One thing is for sure, every time I hear this song I suddenly want to watch the show again! What about you?
Coincidentally, April’s Opening Times column – submitted well before the government announcement – is on the subject of minimum pricing. I wasn’t tipped off by a mole, honest. Have a read and leave a comment.
Date: Thursday 3rd May 2012
‘We know that there are some at large who still
A friend was visiting KL and staying at Doubletree by Hilton, so we suggested that he looked out for Tate since it's a cool watering hole. He eventually found it and liked it, so much so that he went back there two days in a row! (not sure if he's been back since our visit together)
We hired three guys to help us in the move at a cost of $85/hour. I had used this company before and they were legit, so I booked them again. Between those three guys, and The Husband I was pretty much in the way. Like any smart woman, I took that opportunity to go shopping. We needed mirrors for the bathrooms, curtain rods throughout the house (I had brushed nickel, but they need to be oil rubbed bronze in this house), a ladder, a steam mop and 2'' faux wood blinds for 12 windows.
Logic- Not a college rapper exactly but at the age of 22 Logic is of the same age and samples some classic beats in his work, placing him in the same category as many of the artists on this list and ultimately he was too good not to put on the list. numerous mixtapes but his two Young Sinatra releases prove the superb flow and lyricism that makes Logic as real talent. Only put one video below but there are too many to put a few so just download the tapes.
WILL ‘THE BULL’ TAYLOR
Book Received From: Akashic Books for Review
-I made fires in the kitchen and living room, because I was cold, even though I didn't think anyone else was.
So I’ve taken multimedia writing courses, essay writing, literary fiction and nonfiction, critical (reading and) writing, travel and business writing, magazine article writing, and research paper writing. And you know what I’ve learned? That I’m a better writer for it. And that I definitely have a lot more to learn. ~ cs
VI-ability’s founder is Kelly Davies, an ex-international and Liverpool football player with 36 caps for Wales. While studying for an MBA in the football industries, she came up with the idea for VI-ability: Helping football clubs to become commercially sustainable through training up disengaged young people to turn the clubs’ fortunes around.
Bleep! Bleep! Bleep!…”N*****.” No, it was not a rap video nor a Chris Rock comedy routine that let the “N” word rip today: rather, it was CNN’s American Morning.
I have ridden other horses like this that were further along and it makes them difficult when one requires more accuracy. I will definitely have to work on his acceptance of the reins later on, but I want to keep him happy to work in the mean time. After only 4-6 times around the circle each direction, I called it a day since he had already been "worked" extensively up and down that aisle way.
Baby Girl I may not be able to see you but I do feel you with me.. My heart aches for you every sec of everyday.. What I would give to just be able to hold you in my arms for even just a min. & tell you how much I love you.. Forever on my mind and Forever in my HEART with all the love I have to give Love Mommy.
As opening the heart is a gradual process your smile improves naturally and this makes smiling easier each time you practice with the heart. Some people have problems with smiling because they may be taking it all too seriously or are trying to force themselves to smile when instead they just need to allow themselves to relax and enjoy the experience to be able to smile freely.
Certainly this method is less rigid and more child-centered than the basic public school concept of classrooms of students working through an inflexible curriculum in lock-step but it is only child-centered and child-controlled within the larger context of absolute despotic control by the Montessori teacher and curriculum.
Detail, as I said, abounds. Under the heading ‘Refuse Stuffe at westminster in the Chardge of James Rufforth’ there is a wonderful entry concerning the ‘carrying chairs’ in which Henry, towards the end of his life when his ulcerated legs gave him great pain, was carried about his palaces (pity the sweating, straining men who did the carrying!):
I have a published poetry book. I’m also leading a series of spiritual awareness intuitive workshop with an Australian friend of mine who’s lived in Egypt for about ten years.
Since the political atmosphere of late seems to focus on all things related to women, I have decided to jump in on the conversation and use some of my iPhone art purely for illustrative purposes.
And at the end of the day, knowing what a yoke looks like, we see as we CARRY things in life that Jesus is by our side. How beautiful!
the glance of your eyes, the touch of your
a riot policeman enraged the Bedoon even further. According to Kuwaiti newspaper Al-Rai, around 108 protesters were arrested on 13 January. They are still in detention as the prosecution keeps delaying their release.
When we were in college and trying to make ends meet we lived in an apartment near campus. My couch was old, it lacked legs. We propped the couch up with cinder blocks.
800 - 1:45.33 - Patrick Nduwimana, Arizona - '01
“It’s very difficult that he would survive, I would suggest that you make it easy on him and allow us to kill him.”
So the last we left off here was that everything was built (with the exception of the desktops which really only needed to be cut). So the next logical step was to begin painting. After sanding everywhere and then putting all the pieces on little lifts so I could reach all areas, I started with a coat of primer. Then I decided I wanted to paint the inside of the desk something fun so I took all the pieces outside and used some blue paint to tape off the edges that I wanted to stay white. By the way, the bottom piece is the lid to the window seat upside down. On the right are the four drawers laid out right next to each other and the window seat box is on the left and finally the cabinet is at the top. The cabinet that holds the four drawers didn't need to be painted since you'll never see the interior of it.
All shall watch while I cavort with fury
Spinach, Young Savoy (Loose)
Jackson Meyer is hiding a secret. He can time-travel. But he doesn't know how he does it, how to control it or what it means. When Jackson, and his girlfriend Holly, find themselves in fatal danger, Jackson panics and catapaults himself two years into his past, further than he's ever managed before, and this time he can't find a way back to the future. All the rules of time-travel he's experienced so far have been broken and Jackson has no choice but to pretend to be his younger self whilst he figures out a solution. Jackson is tearing himself apart with guilt and frustration, wondering if Holly survived. He's also become the target of an unknown enemy force and it seems even his dad is lying to him. Jackson is racing against time to save the girl he loves, but to do that he must first discover the truth about his family and himself. And stay alive.
“Beseeching” is a passionate appeal. “Brethren” are other believers. “Presenting” is a daily process. Christians are supposed to be “living” sacrifices. We are supposed to be “holy.”
For the curing mix:
Let us all support PDEA and PNP’s all out war against narco-politics and narco-terrorism.
Listen here, married folks. Congratulations on your happy life but if you don’t see a ring on a woman’s finger, don’t make references to her marital status. If she’s married, she will tell you. If she’s dating and wants to share, she will. Okay? But they don’t heed my warning and say things like, “How can she be married?” “Still not able to be married?” But instead of rolling her eyes at them, she lets it get to her and when she gets a call from a telemarketer, uses it as an opportunity to talk to her phantom husband.
I actually started writing more here to catch you up on what we've been up to, but it ended up being too long. I saved it and will post it tomorrow. I'm probably what you would call a "lazy reader" yet I can't ever stop rambling. ha!! So I'll try not to write too much in one post.
Thank you Jesus!
He said he went with the family to the house, noticed a hole and began knocking to find a hollow spot. Once he found the spot, he kicked in the wall and cut the coins loose. “They poured out. The force of them … Was crazy,” Bidelman said.He said an older couple who lived in the home 20 years ago used the wall as a piggy bank. That turned into a tradition, with more and more people adding to the wall bank. Bidelman said he is selling the coins on behalf of the family and will continue to give them the proceeds. With news video.
One investment property has recently fallen through -- another short sale because we apparently hate ourselves -- and just last night we wrote an offer for an old Victorian that makes The Goddamn House look like pristine clean perfection. There are currently 26 offers on the Victorian, so perhaps our only chance of getting it is to seduce the seller, which is a bank, so that may be uncomfortable.
In the classrooms of America today, if you burp in class, if you spray yourself with perfume or if you doodle on your desk, there is a chance that you will be arrested by the police and hauled out of your school in handcuffs.
Come and made 5 fun cards for various occasions with matching envelopes. All supplies are included.
Mr.Jayanta Chatterjee of ICRA gave an interesting view on ratings and its benefits to MSMEs. Mr.Sundara Raman of RAMCO spoke on the evolution of technology and how cloud computing is changing the way MSMEs may tap into the power of IT. Mr Suneet Singh Tuli CEO of Datawind Ltd gave a thought provoking presentation on innovative marketing. His thoughts on promotion and sales starting from his engineering fax machines to the latest Aakash Tablet was radical and truly out of the box.
Then this morning came.
Hello, and welcome to my new blog!
The Plot: Wow. This is hard. It's about the Bluth family, a wonderfully dysfunctional, functional family. The father (and head of the family company) was just arrested and is in prison, good son Michael is trying to keep the family, the business, and the finances together. It's a bit hard because his family is out of control. And they are so over the top that words fail me.
mixed media creations by sUz davis
*Call my mother and sister more often.
New Testament confirmation:
1 bee
Bill STEWART (Drums)
Yet here I was sitting for 90 minutes entranced by this silent film. Listening to the pretty perfunctory orchestral music and watching the kind of acting that Robert De Niro wouldn’t be involved in. And then just when you think they’re going to turn on the talking you realise that you’re in for the long haul, the music plays on, the facial expressions and sweeping hand gestures continue and you wonder what you signed up for. I turned to my left at this point and my mate was napping.
“And there people brought to him a paralytic lying on a stretcher. When Jesus saw their faith, he said to the paralytic, ‘Courage, child, your sins are forgiven.’ At that, some of the scribes said to themselves, ‘This man is blaspheming.’ Jesus knew what they were thinking, and said, ‘Why do you harbor evil thoughts? Which is easier, to say, ‘Your sins are forgiven,’ or to say, ‘Rise and walk’? But that you may know that the Son of Man has authority on earth to forgive sins’ – he then said to the paralytic, ‘Rise, pick up your stretcher, and go home.’ He rose and went home. When the crowds saw this they were struck with awe and glorified God who had given such authority to human beings.”(Matthew 9:2-8, emphasis added)
"Hey, I didn't know you had taken my picture," I said.
Flip page by page and read,
I can't even believe I'm showing this snap to you.
Granted, I do occasionally get to cross out items on my to-do list but I’ve come to realize that some lists aren’t meant to be completed. I have journals from my college days that list out ‘things to look forward to’, people to see, gifts to make. Although they’re no longer relevant, I can’t bear to throw them away. Just like my journals, they’re a part of me and throwing them away would mean throwing away part of my history.
Answering the “What if” – as in “What if we did this a little differently”? What if we drove a different way? What if we made one slight change? What if we knew we couldn’t fail?
We learned that play can teach. Play can teach people about gender, race and art. We found that, like art, games can tell us about the people who created them. We learned that, like all things worth studying, there is a nuance and a craft to creating a good game. We learned that everything society inflicts and informs itself with is important. That mass media is a reality unto itself. That hyperreality is hyper interesting. That if you give people the freedom to do as they please they will do just that. That the internet is “serious business” but yet Anonymous actually means business. That if you let people loose in Minecraft to play a game they are going to get stuck in holes, release monsters, burn buildings down, and hide workbenches (Minecraft is basically that island from Lord of the Flies). That people want to achieve, create, win, and kill in games (not any different from some people’s real life aspirations).
Today I had my first doctor appt for Wilson baby #3! That is still crazy sounding to me. None of this is very real yet (besides the terrible nausea and overall really CRAPPY feeling this time). I am 8 weeks and 2 days today. Due date is November 19th. Which just happens to be a very popular date in my family as my mom and my sisters birthday! The first ultrasound went just fine, and showed ONE little shrimp with a heartbeat of 145 bpm. If I recall correctly that is about 5-10 bmp slower than the girls...hmm...
Anyway, I’m excited to play tetras in my driveway in a few days. I’ve got plenty to do this weekend and only one more day of work, here in Sac. At least I get a week off (and more if I need it) so hopefully I can recoup from all this madness after we get there.
If I tried to trace every part of Bitterblue to its root, this post would get rawther long, and anyway, for the most part, I would fail. When an idea comes to you while you're writing, you don't stop and say to yourself, "Ah! And where did that idea come from? I must make a note of it for future posterity!" ^_^ In other words, I have no memory of where most of my ideas for the book came from, if I ever knew. But I will leave you with one more tidbit. I wouldn't say that this song inspired Bitterblue, because I didn't particularly notice the song until I was already deep into my writing. But when I was far along in the book and needed a break, but not a complete break -- a break that still kept me tethered to the book -- I would go for a walk, sit by the river, and listen to "Cold As It Gets" by the divine Patty Griffin (link takes you to youtube and plays the song). Listen to it, if you like. If you love it, buy it :).
.imelda's shoes
Ils sont petits( we add an ‘s’)
10am: Invited by two different groups to partake in drinking beer on the roof as I walk to the Farmer’s Market. Umm…can I eat lunch first?
This demonstrates that, even when the whole campaign and even – as is asserted to be the case here – the whole nation depends on preserving the lives of a few men, the "system" failed to step up to the plate. And if it could do it then, it most certainly could do it in the context of operations where the survival of the nation was not at stake.
Benefits from: No more angst with the scrapping of the bonus tax, the 50 pence top rate and the 4%reduction in corporation tax. Banking on the budget.
On the mud-caked, knocking and rattling truck carrying the family from the pit to the reception tent above, Austin Downing, 13, embraced the groom’s son, 6-year-old Kodie Umphenour Jr., who held his ears from the sound of revving engines.
Strawberry and Vanilla Jam
And yet, before you think it, let me say it – I would die if I thought any of my grandchildren, nieces or nephews were spending summers crawling through wrecked vehicles or walking alongside public highways. But, as you know, it was another time – a gentler, safer time.
The movie is shot in the “home movie” style of cinematography that is all the rage just now (especially with horror films) and I suppose it cuts down on film cost. Here though its pointless and doesn’t add anything to the film or the plot. The cast is unknown and it’s just as well because if any famous people had been in this film then their careers would have gone down the toilet very quickly.
Last Spring and Summer, at least a dozen people told me to read Game of Thrones. I put it on my Goodreads “to read” list and mentally put it in the sub-list I like to call “books I’ll probably never get to (reasons vary).” I’m sure those of you that love the series are asking, “WHY?!” I’ll tell you: 1. It was too long, 2. I usually don’t like fantasy–especially detailed fantasy, and 3. I’m naturally rebellious so the more people insist I read something, the more I’m inclined to say “no” just to be contrary. I’ll admit that these are terrible excuses.
-Megan
her dress.
Then she ladled the coffee out and placed it in a bowl. Turning to her
Me: Gerrardo, if a cougar pounces on you, you have to make a loud noise, clap your hands together...
Firstly you want to duplicate the image, you can do this by pressing ctrl+a to make sure the image is selected, then to duplicate it press ctrl+d, if you are using gimp 2.8 you should see another tab open in the top left corner.
Okay, time is up. I’m going for a quick jog. Olympic is around the corner.
it was a bit of a whim, I was writing the song and I thought 'who'd
DEADLINE: April 20, 2012
Todd Anderson would be played by Jesse Eisenberg.
Near
they got swapped for the muffin-top in that free Prize-Draw you automatically enter at 50
I know that a variety of nutrients is the key but if you want to get the most bang for your buck – which green is the best to use?
There was this one ape of a pink man, who liked burgers and french fries and turkey cheese sandwiches for lunch every day. He walked around the floor insulting and picking on a few of his underling colleagues. He was assisted by his cronies. There was the man who liked being mothered by his Jamaican secretary and when he once yelled at her in crunch time, all hell broke loose. And things weren't calm until he apologized to her and bought her a gift. There was the man addicted to sex, and specially with Asian women because, as he admitted once, "they were eager to please." There was the intelligent Princeton graduate who really should have been a civil servant, but found himself crunching numbers for stupid mortgage backed deals -and was slowly getting enticed by the money. There was the Jewish man with short arms and reptilian eyes. He made himself a mentor to women and spoke nonstop, and once said that "the paychecks keep coming and after a while you stop to even notice." There was the Indian woman who wanted to be a freshly minted american citizen. And the day she did become one, she came in her knee length dress, and said, "I am a freshly minted american citizen." That was before her water broke - in the office- after which she became a mother and was the only banker who left at 6 pm. There was the "short man" trader with a personality and temper that more than compensated for his lack of height. He tried to take me under his wing - picked up a phone and said "this is how we get things done."
Assistant Attorney General Laurie Robinson said 131 grants were awarded, chosen from 1,000 applications. Prisoner re-entry could get less federal aid in the fiscal year that begins next week. A House committee voted to provide $70 million, but a Senate committee voted to zero out the program. Advocates are urging Congress to continue funding. Attorney General Eric Holder urged using “every tool at our disposal to tear down the unnecessary barriers to economic opportunities and independence so that formerly incarcerated individuals can serve as productive members of their communities.”
I also added one can of white beans
Stone's anniversary beers have tended to be towards IPAs and DIPAs that the west coast brewer is known for, but this year they changed things up and went with a chocolate oatmeal stout. I am sure hop prices may have also had something to do with this as well. This is actually the combination of two different beer recipes. The first being an imperial stout and the other being an oatmeal stout. The original formulation called for Oaxacan chocolate, but I am sure the price of that kept it from being brewed for the masses and they still went with unsweetened cocoa added to the boil. It would be really cool to be able to have a vertical of the original home brew recipe and the final product.
J460 Community Journalism was the most influential course of my college career. I saw what goes into making a newscast happen. I put a piece together for air, and heard it come across the airwaves. I felt like a reporter for the first time. But more importantly, I got out of the IU bubble and into the community.
Imogen: Don't worry Mum, the mice will show up soon to help you.
*Or, in Sunny’s case, PB, as she doesn’t like J. Or M. Or H. And I refuse to make PB&Bs or PB&Cs—at least where the other mothers might catch wind of it.
As I parked the car beside the ferry terminal, my sense of foreboding only increased. The car park was jam-packed with vehicles, and hundreds of folk were milling around at a time on Sunday which most normal people reserve for breakfast and a cursory review of MP's expense claims.
One of the ladies on our link list below will be picking a name from the comments on her blog post today. We don’t know which one it is… so the more blogs you leave comments on, the more chances you have to win! If all of that didn't entice you, I am sure you're going to want to stop by and see the handiwork of Flourishes finest designers!
Kate and I wrote this story for the GP Mamas, but since it has been a while since I've blogged and I'm too lazy to write something new, I thought I'd share it with you. Ahem, ahem....
My Islam is Unity without division or exception
It would be a blatant stereotype to assume that each and every soul in these regions are involved in this type of conflict, as most are simply scared and uneasy and simply want to make it through the next day and to the next meal with their Lives and the Lives of their families intact.
A little while back, I blogged about yet another of the ways in which PublishAmerica was attempting to extract cash from its authors: a fee-charging "literary agency."
Nazarbayev is another potentate with international image problems, given the notorious cruelty and corruption of his 20 year regime.
“Y-you will get cold and…”
he's coloured with distress ink-reinkers and for the stars near his hand I just had some right sized rhinestone stars, the tiny ones I filled in with star dust glitter glue,
Start a “Beer Fiction” segment. Three Votes.
And now for one of my (in)famous brief asides.
You are going to find that your mind becomes to get excited. It is doing exactly what it was created to do and no one is bitching about it any longer!!
Imagine how incredible it is that VB Fireman Captain, and waterman from a family who’s done it for generations, has the entrepreneurial spirit to brand and work his lease for Pleasure House oysters right about the time the City of Virginia Beach is poised to protect Pleasure House Point forever.
It’s not quite the same with an online multiplayer fps. For starters, games often only take off once a critical number of people have joined. Before that number is reached, players are basically hanging around, entertaining themselves. But they need to stay as just by being there, they increase the likelihood of others joining to make up that critical mass.
Sometimes we think so much about what we don’t want to lose that we forget what we really have. We take people we know, friends, and family for granted. We think (without really thinking about it) that they will be there for us forever. Now I’m not just thinking about the fact that no one lives forever, but that people they come and go in our lives. At some point we might stop, and realize that everyone are gone. But where?
Firstly, there is no colour. This is completely sensible, because colour doesn’t feature in kissing. Kissing is not an ocular activity, but an oscular one. Although humans predominantly sense by sight, during a kiss, sensation comes from the other senses. The external world, which typically impresses itself upon us by the processing of light, is cut-off in kissing – one’s world is one’s own world, in direct contact and immediate.
Colin Davis hunched over his notebook and tried to think of a word that meant the same thing as “hairy.” He’d already used “hirsute” a couple of times and he needed to emphasize his monster’s increasing… hairiness. Chewing his pencil didn’t help. Neither did the chattering of the abundant crowd at Pizza Haven and, most unhelpful of all, the nearness of Tanya Dougherty, waitress and Goddess of Beauty, who was leaning over, resting her elbows on a table just in front of him, charming the college guys with her low-cut front and knocking his concentration into a ditch with the perky round perfection of her tartan-miniskirt-clad behind.
Each performer plays a different person in each study and the interaction between the actors is stunning. Newson is honestly a master. Sure, the movements are stunning to look at but they add a lot to the show in terms of telling the story and portraying emotions. For instance, it can show people switching sides in arguments or the social status of someone (in the case of a woman sitting ontop of another. Absolutely incredible.) or their emotions. It only could’ve worked as a DV8 show because otherwise it would’ve been dull having people read out interviews to you.
Rock Bottom Circle City Light 3.9%
Birmingham Chief Constable Chris Sims announced at a press conference on 20th August: “ I have taken the decision... perhaps an unusual decision ... I want to to release into the public domain... footage showing people firing into lines of police officers...evidence of several gunmen, evidence of a level of planning. What we are looking at is a concerted attempt to kill or injure police officers... it is also a threat to the wider community.” (2)
210H--Apple
Obviously, the decorating/styling is very different, but I'm wondering the photographer is the same? Notice that the photo was taken just above the level of the faucet handle in both. In other words, lower than eye level.
Hail to his honored name.
Later I woke, middle of the night, wandered
Our family was now living apart because my husband had to return to work. I was a single mother Monday to Friday and suddenly our family who did everything together did most things apart. My career was finished, our savings were disappearing fast, we had to sell a car to make ends meet and put our investment house up for sale to clear the debt. We were one income down and eventually when my husband found a job, so our family could be reunited, he took a huge pay cut to do so.
4:19: He knew that was a truck. Hooray! He gets a gold star, only two more and he wins a new polo shirt from Abercrombie & Fitch.
When we walk on ocean, and jump up the peaks,
Speaking of cookies and baking and whatnot, Christy and I finally decided to get our act together and teach ourselves how to decorate cakes. It was a lot of fun and we'll probably do some more today.
As I walked through our apartment complex I heard a loud tapping that had me looking around for a rooftop carpenter or two, until I spotted this poor little misguided fellow hammering away on the side of a building. Well, I HOPE he’s misguided, there’d better not be any food for him in there!
Amir and Hassan’s favorite pastime is flying kites. In their town, there is a competition in which all the boys fly kites and try to cut the other kites down. The last one flying wins. As the kites fall, the kite runners retrieve them, and Hassan is the best kite runner there is. The year Amir wins the contest, Hassan runs to catch the last fallen kite and pays dearly for it.
I don't have a natural will--in that I have no family to naturally inherit my estate---but a friend of mine says that I should not make a will or I might die----
3. I’ve had two close encounters with leopards in the wild.
I'm the one you'll meet after the one you know now
This past week was Cam's last week before starting his job, so we tried to get unpacked and get the apartment in order as much as possible. But midweek, we decided we wanted to get to see a little bit more of the state before his job started, so we took a little mini-trip to Charleston, SC. It's about 3 1/2 hrs from our house, so not too far at all for a quick trip. We started out our visit to Charleston by going to Boone Hall Plantation, built in 1743. It inspired the plantation in Gone with the Wind and it's where they filmed parts of The Notebook. Cam and I are suckers for anything historical, so going to the plantation was a really fun experience. We spent the afternoon at the beach on Isle of Palms, SC, then headed for our hotel in the historic downtown area of Charleston. We stayed at the Mills House Hotel which was right downtown, I'd highly recommend it! Charleston is known for having some amazing restaurants, and we had a fantastic seafood dinner, where we got to try many of the regional specialties. The next day, we took a walking tour of Charleston, which is another thing I'd highly recommend if you're visiting there. Our tour guide took us by some of the most beautiful houses, and was able to give us a lot of history about the city. I was blown away by how gorgeous Charleston is, and am really looking forward to going back at a time other than July, as it was sooo hot and humid! We ended our trip to Charleston by going to swim at Folly Beach, and it was great to just have a few days to relax after the big move before Cam started work.
One of the greatest lessons in yachting history might be learned from your Fastnet tragedy, many sailors died in storm conditions by abandoning perfectly fine boats and becoming into life rafts, only for rescue teams to find most of the distressed vessels being floating safely, completely crewless for the days, following storm. This speaks of perception and capability to cope.
They sent a whole team of physicists over here about 12 years ago, 14 years ago, and I actually consulted with them, and he’s still looking for a natural explanation, but he’s convinced that these lights do maintain this form, and he doesn’t know how they do that. He thinks there may be some kind of electromagnetic “bottle” formed. But in terms of what we know that’s as far-fetched as saying there’s some kind of life form that has this luminous energy body.
Of our conscious aspiration
Welcome to the Gemstone Edition of the Carnival of Homeschooling. Below you will find not only the wonderful submissions for this carnival but gemstones commonly used for birthstones and the history behind them.
A charter member of the just-announced (to excitement so deafening it’s inaudible) MCOTD Hall of Fame, he’s being celebrated tonight at a concert, in Chicago’s Millenium Park, featuring musicians who came up under him, including saxophonists Steve Coleman and Eric Alexander.
Dealing with a big quilt also has a learning curve. To remove the starch from the fabric, I soaked it in the bathtub, squeezed as much water out as possible, then threw it in the dryer. It proceeded to roll itself into a tight ball, refused to get dry, and instead sprayed half a gallon of water on the basement floor.
I hope that as this site grows that I will learn a little about you as you do about my family and friends
Today, I went to both the dentist and my family doctor. The dentist visit was for a cleaning, and for once, the lady that cleaned my teeth was gentle. So it wasn't too bad.
or your white-collar misunderstandings.
The internets happy hookers will deny that their insistence has any consequences for anybody but themselves, and will say ‘No, we do not advocate prostitution for all women; only for those who choose to do it’. In saying so, they first deny the severity of the constraints behind those ‘choices’ for the vast majority of women. They then go on to ignore their insistence on a class of women who are made merchandise means that they insist all women are potential prostitutes, just as the cars in all of our driveways might one day be bought or sold, depending on fiscal constraints, because of their commodified status. This is what happens to women when they are reduced to the status of products and goods.
but i totally forgot.
Other events also show that Afrikaners especially, have every reason to worry that a genocide might well be brewing against them: in the townships, a worrying new trend is also developing: the growing strength of crime war-lords and gigantic taxi-associations which are increasingly replacing the outgunned, underfinanced and increasingly terrified SA police as the only defenders against the many feral-youth crime gangs terrorising the residents with their AK47s and their Uzi machineguns. The SA police force is unable to combat this mounting tsunami of violence, gang-rape and mindless murders.
childhood dream come true.
Written by Sallie Patrick And Liz Tigelaar
The iPad tried to auto correct “heart” because I mistyped it and turn it into “heat.” Obviously it believes I should type what’s going in with other parts of my body. . .
After lunch, we go to my Dad's house to celebrate with his Mom's side of the family. The crazy tradition with this side of the family is having oyster stew at 10 in the morning. Yuck! I eat the broth with LOTS of oyster crackers. As my Uncle Frank says, in his loud, bellowing voice "You're not a Binford if you don't eat oyster stew on Christmas". We also draw names on Thanksgiving for the gift exchange. And we fill out the same wish list every year.
But I did it. I finished. I submitted my final draft to my adviser, who has been amazing throughout this entire process. Pending any edits and revisions I get from her next week, I will officially have finished my graduate degree.
Do your kids have a favorite lovey or food they like to sleep with?
FRIDAY APRIL 30 2010 11 AM
Meanwhile, Jet Airways, which had earlier called opaque fares a scam and had threatened to pull out inventory from makemytrip.com last month, also confirmed the move.
At the end of the protest when one person got up to say entry to the council chambers was by ticket only and everyone else should go home, a group of students got up and announced their intent to march on the banks, who they described as the “real cause behind the cuts”. Around 25 then march along the road for a short protest outside Halifax bank headquarters with lively chanting.
A Labour-dominated group of MPs and peers fiercely argued that the state should play a key role in regulation of the Press, the fine print of the report reveals.
Steve Rogers/Captian America - Vanilla sky/ Labrat Time traveller:
Pear, cut into thin strips
Investigators said the couple had been having marital problems, which may have led to the shooting.
Fading memories of loves lost to me.
I am honestly running out of words to write. This layout was completed last week but I was stuck at what to journal. Before I continue, I have to tell you that I was afraid I might not have time to post this entry because I was not able to come up with the journaling. Hence, the journaling on the layout is actually taken from this blog ;)
I’m gonna find myself a better way
"Did it work for you?”
bulletin board inside kitchen cabinet
Delray has to offer.
Not even if The World Ends With You
“It ain’t really about the money, it’s about the art.” she declared when pressed on the matter.
I also started one other quilt. This may be a wedding quilt for Steve and Lindsey. I have another one planned, but not sure I can get it done in time...so here's how far I got on Labyrinth. I had been doing so much easy sewing for a while that it took a bit of an adjustment to put this crazy thing together. I had to slow wayyyyy down for this one. Only 2 more rounds and at least the center will be together.
-We elected to continue doing diapers at night for now, even though the plan recommends against it.
This is a food of festivals. Crisp from outside, soft from inside. This would be one thing that my brother and I ‘then’ and my husband and Bramhi ‘now’ reach(ed) our hands for, immediately after naivediyam.
This recipe was in Zymurgy Vol 23 #5, Sept/Oct 2000, page 24. I would, in a heartbeat, link to an authorized online recipe, but there isn't one available.
The Story of Holly & Ivy by Rumer Godden-- Ivy, who lives in an orphanage, wants a home for Christmas more than anything else. Ivy makes a wish. Holly is a doll left all alone in a toyshop window on Christmas Eve. More than anything, she wants a child's hands to bring her to life and play with her. Holly makes a wish. A childless couple have a beautiful Christmas tree and holiday feast, but long for a child to share it with also make a wish. This is a touching tale about the miracles that can sometimes happen around Christmas time.
8:30 – 30 Rock (NBC): Angie launches her new fashion line, which brings her reality show’s intrusive cameras back to “TGS.” Yet Angie’s show ends up focusing on dramas swirling around Jack, as he receives news about his wife and then faces his feelings for Diana. Another Queen of Jordan episode? That’s disappointing. Who does that?
My good friend AFGNCAAP will be distraught to know that Starbucks, like Barnes & Noble, does not escape the firing line either. Levine says "On Friday, at the Battle of Starbucks, I shouted at a chunky young cop with a clutch of flex-cuffs on his belt, "Thank you very much for defending the right of Starbucks to sell coffee, instead of the rights of New Yorkers to exercise their freedom of speech!" (p. 230).
Thank goodness I have a fantastic boss who values me & my ideas... ( and a great team..)
we feel even more connected to her and to all those whose lives she touched.
(big sigh)
No, I didn’t have an editor, but I did use lots of critical friends and used the pupils in my class to test out the books. I also had the great Herbie Brennan, best selling international author of Faerie Wars. I sent the first book to him and he loved it. He gave me a lovely quote to put on the front cover - wonderful accolade that no editor could have provided.
The seller’s identity remains a mystery, and as a slice of cake was given to each of the 650 family and friends attending the afternoon wedding reception is likely to stay that way!
1. Zach Mettenberger (6/10, 60% comp., 150yds, 2 TD’s) – Ironically, the guy who will sit out the first game of the season was the one who looked the best in the scrimmage this afternoon. Mettenberger had it all going for him; accuracy on short and deep passes, velocity, pocket presence, even some mobility thrown in for good measure. I was stunned at just how much he seems to have progressed from when we last saw him in the G-day game of 2009. He looked crisp and confident. I pointed out to a buddy that he looked very Stafford-esque. The arm-strength that everyone has said he has is definitely not overrated, as is evidenced by the fact that he picked up 150 yards in the air on just 6 completions). What may win him more points with the coaching staff than anything was how at ease he looked. He never looked hurried or hesitant. And to be fair, he did play against the 2nd team defense, while the other two QB’s played against the 1st team D, but Mettenberger also was playing behind the 2nd team O-line and the rest of the 2nd team offense the entire time. It didn’t seem to phase him, as he made a great case for himself. The question is: will Richt see fit to make Mettenberger the starter, given that he will not be able to play in the opener against Louisiana-Lafayette? South Cackalacky is a tough game to get your first start in… but if he’s the best at the position, can you NOT start him?
Hence, my boredom. Everything you are turning out could have been invented by me, and vice versa. I'm stunned by your use of good ingredients, for the most part. I try my best as well. But, see, there's nothing new here.
So thanks for looking. If you are still here!!! It has been a labor of love but so fun and I have learned alot along the way. I have some more projects in the works that I hope to share soon. Have an awesome night folks !!!!
Luxemburg, believed that what she thought was a spontaneous drive towards a socialist class consciousness arising from the workers' position, and their repeated conflicts with Capital, would result in them exercising this function of control, as and when they seized the means of production.
I had found it one lazy hot quiet summer afternoon.
You can influence what happens to your children, and all of us who have failed our children up till this moment, may the Almighty God forgive us in Jesus name.
This pencil vase:
Thanks for all you do in support of America’s small brewing community.
They also got his hair.
“We really wanted to push back and get the win,” says Caps center Brooks Laich. “We weren’t pleased with our effort the last game, and we wanted to push back and definitely get a split at least leaving here. But they’re going to raise their play another level and we have to do the same on home ice.”
The answer – only those who wanted to discredit the outstanding display of support for Bersih! And guess who that would be!
An orange cut into two halves, some strawberries and grapes.
always one’s harsh night eyes over the beerglass
If there’s one thing we’ve learned while visiting India, is that you have to carry your passport (of everyone in your family) when traveling. This means you are carrying the VISAS with you as well.
Hello All, yes shock horror a card from me, I cant believe it has been 6 weeks since I last made a card! wow how life has changed. My beautiful baby girl does not believe is sleeping for more than 15 min at a time, unless she is being held!! so at the moment my production has dramatically decreased and my spending increased, as I seem to spend a lot of time watching create and craft, and just cant resist.
boyfriends with accents,
( the pub will be open more lunchtimes when it is the busier holiday season )
If you learn more about food & drinks you learn more about flavours, you also achieve extreme joy in the consumption. You learn about the flavours. The different compounds and delightful sensations. Your mind broadens.
To: Russell
If the tender family moments aren't your thing, then the mystery will be. The author does an awesome job painting everyone as a suspect. Just when you think someone is cleared, more evidence is thrown their way to cast them in an entirely new bad light. I'm not sure I'd have guessed this time around who was doing the killing and I liked it. The ending brought the story to a statisfying close and I was happy to see Vee gain control over her ability to slide so she can learn to cope with it in the future.
That list now includes Sirius XM Radio, which is now planning to launch a serious Pandora jab. And according to Sirius XM chairman and CEO Mel Karmazin, the reason has more to do with super-serving an existing subscriber base than building a new model. And Karmazin sees a lot of problems with Pandora’s royalty-heavy, server-heavy, and ad-heavy approach. “Our on-demand and personalized radio programming will have no commercials on our music offerings and will be at no extra charge to those subscribers who have added internet listening to their plans. Free and freemium competitors online will have a tough time matching the commercial-free aspect of Sirius XM branded music combined with the unique sports and talk content we offer,” Karmazin told investors.
Tension has been high on the Korean peninsula since the sinking of a South Korean naval ship in the Yellow Sea and the shelling of one of its frontier islands in 2010.
But inflicting such destruction
“How appropriate that ViSalus reached its one millionth member on March 11, further demonstrating our momentum, the commitment of our extraordinary Promoters and Staff, and ushering in a new ViSalus era,” said CEO and co-founder of ViSalus, Ryan Blair.
“…what do you mean? So, a Jewish person couldn’t buy lightbulbs from you?”
I haven't written on here in awhile. Partly b/c I am so busy, but at the same time I have been struggling with some stuff that I just didn't want to deal with. And if it is not in writing, then I am fine right?
For those of you who have already gotten early access, please let us know in the Comments what you’re experiencing. Here are some of the questions I have, but please feel free to add anything you think is worth letting us know about:
Okay, so the mail fairy came yesterday, right?? So I'm like..WHAT UP YO!? That ho came again....and only one week later!?!? How cool is that!?
OWNER HAS SAID SELL TODAY – I WANT AN OFFER AND LETS NEGOTIATE.
Which is why I turn to music when I am sorely lacking in that department. Music has been a constant source of inspiration, passion, drive, and motivation for me. I don't know why, but it's like coffee for my creative side. When that section of my brain goes into hibernation mode, I put some soul grabbing, passion stirring, spirit lifting music on and its like a switch has been flipped. So I thought that for today I would share what has me motivated, inspired, passionate, and raring to go.
The project would have been California’s first new oil lease in 40 years. It proposed to drill new off Santa Barbara County from an existing platform. But the Governor says he has seen enough, and won’t allow new drilling.
Thanks so much for looking and may God bless your day wherever you may be,
Bill of Rights Defense Committee executive director Shahid Buttar began with a stark statement of his own: “At the moment, the right to trial and due process have effectively been statutorily suspended. We enjoy them because of the pleasure of the president. … every place in the world that has flirted with powers like these has descended into authoritarianism.
Sky: "You did what?! Was this big white wedding just an excuse to find your father?"
That’s one meeting I’m really looking forward to going to!
Trapped in a cage
I'm worried it won't last...but I'm hopeful.
But this week, the trailer for her book is out, and I am proud to share it with all of you.
“The Compound Effect” by Darren Hardy, buy it and read it. As he says, not literally, BUT… Be PERSITENT… Be PATIENT… Be UNUSUAL… Do whatever you have to do to get results… or be noticed…
And your daddy don't rock and roll
“Good. Scratch that last plan. Screw the cultists, get me those prisoners.”
He had no hope she would survive
Mr. GI drilled out the holes for the twine, then pre-drilled two holes where the straight line met the circle. That way we'd have a starting place and guide for the jig saw. Of course, if you're using a circle cutter there's no need for this step.
And surely ye’ll be your pint-stowp!
I basically said, “My friends who are trying to access my blog through their cell phones are being dropped into the dregs of internet yuckness.” (Okay, that’s not really what I said, but that was the basic idea.)
Surely, you have challenges to face right now. Move forward and take them head on. It is always good to think stepping up to the opportunities that lie just beyond the tests. For now, you may be in darkness, but the fact is, the light is right around the bend. When you overcome the difficulties facing you, you will then be able to drink in the sunlight of accomplishment to recharge your battery.
and torn almost in two
Damsel In’Distress
Fatty Fish (salmon, tuna)
Add an oz of rum or brandy to the topping and it would be yummm.
Victoria had strengths in research and development in high-level manufacturing sectors such as biotechnology, nanotechnology and solar energy that lent themselves to collaborative partnerships.
The challenge comes as part of a motion to quash filed yesterday against the Justice and Treasury Departments at the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia by Riyadh-based Al Rajhi Bank. It asks Judge Ellen Segal Huvelle to quash an administrative subpoena issued by the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the District of Oregon, which is prosecuting a man accused of conspiring to smuggle $151,000 in travelers and cashier’s checks out of the United States. The checks were allegedly cashed at an Al Rajhi branch in Saudi Arabia.
It co-ordinates with the lovely Aviary stamp set – some of the other designs of paper feature the same birds and owl of the stamp set. But here I’ve just selected a few of the more geometric patterns to create strips across my card.
It houses my China Glaze OMG Collection and the other few HTF China Glaze polishes I own.
Cover and place in oven for 1 hour or until the potatoes are tender
I understand emotions come and go but this was more like a crisis.
(vi) Special Officer (Copyright) – 01
Post Update: The video is directed by Shawn Brackbill and was published on February 26, 2012.
So...Greta is back on track and on her way. It would be really nice to eventually get to my maintenance portion of this journey....like......soon......! It is time. There is no (valid) excuse for me to not get my body to where it needs to be and then keep it there. I have the skills. I just need to stick with it and focus.
Possible solution: Find a way to combine old and new material in such a way, like a themed mini-collection, that would appeal to old and new readers alike. Yeah. Guess I have some work to do.
Capsicum, Red and Orange
In his reply, he said this:
Burridge's 5-2 home win over Comrades reserves on Saturday afternoon was watched by a referee assessor.
i think about the firemen and police who rushed in as others ran out. the ordinary citizens who helped one another to safety. the priest killed by a jumper from the towers as he comforted the injured and administered the last rights to the dead. and the travelers of FLIGHT 93, who surmised their preplanned fate at the hands of the hijackers, and fought back.
Most nurses get very mad at me for such views. Not always. I know more nurses than doctors. I'm sure many doctors would also think I am trouble. But how would they know? Thanks to John Edwards and others in the insincere tort business, they are better off if they have covered their legal tracks completely than if you live. You go in and they say you seem ok, go home, and you get sick or die, then John and colleagues might ruin you in court.
Stop and think about it for a second. We could have burned the oil – as per the original contingency plan that had been on the books since 1994. But the Obama regime wouldn’t allow it. We could have used dispersants to break down the oil and make it easier to deal with. But the Obama regime wouldn’t allow it. We could have borrowed skimmers – and all kinds of other critical equipment and clean-up know-how – from all over the world to collect the oil. But the Obama regime wouldn’t allow it. We could have used hundreds of miles of boom that were literally sitting unused in warehouses. But the Obama regime didn’t bother to obtain it. We could have built sand berms that would have blocked the oil from reaching the most critical coastal areas. But the Obama regime has done everything possible to stop it.
The White House has taken up an interest in wind energy developments in the Great Lakes regions as of last month. The goal is to plant windmills in the Great Lakes in order to gain wind energy from the lake winds. This could be a pioneering break through for Michigan because electricity would become more economically accessible. Launched in the water last week in the middle of Lake Michigan was a yellow buoy that will be used to measure and collect data from wind at different heights. Although this project has finally taken off, it faced difficulties and still is under the threat of being shut down due to lack of financial resources. $1.3 million that was originally supposed to come from a state grant through the Michigan Public Service Commission was cancelled by a court ruling last year. Despite this devastating draw back on funding, the buoy was launched and built on $1.2 million from the Department of Energy along with $250,00o from a Wisconsin utility. As of currently this buoy is one of two in the North American region and could be at risk of being docked by 2013 because of lack of funding. Grand Valley State University has reached out to the University of Michigan, Michigan State and Michigan Technological universities for aide in collecting research over the Great Lakes. This research includes the studying and tracking of flight patterns for birds and bats so that the turbines aren’t build in areas that put these animals in danger.
In the end, I guess I’m just a pretty boring guy who thinks it’d be neat if he didn’t have to compare prices between the generic and name-brand versions of No-Doze at the drugstore.
6. Did you hear there is a Royal Wedding this week? What is the most obnoxious wedding you have attended? And we wanna know why it was so obnoxious. The word "obnoxious" is defined any way you want it to be... expensive, ugly dresses, stupid guests... whatever.
I am thankful for this blog for affording the opportunity to read the words of others and consider my own gratitude…there, a good start. Now, to where?
Now is the time to understand the true meaning. Let us all join the prayer ceremony as fellow citizens of the planet earth. I would like to ask all people, not just in Japan, but all around the world to please help us to find a way out the crisis of this planet!!
Nifty opened positive and surpassed the resistance of 5305, however profit booking dragged it down and finally it concluded the day with a gain of mere 10 points at 5300.The inverted hammer formed on the daily chart is not a very optimistic sign.
This book discusses the animal zodiac and tries to explain some of the different animals. Ahead of time, I check to see which year each child was born (you think they would know, but many don't!). I tell them which animal they are and we discuss some of the characteristics. They always get a kick out of this part-- and they want to know which animal their brother, sister, mama, and daddy are....
What are you waiting for? Grab your copy today!!
We didn't tell everyone that I was adopted; close friends and family knew, and it was never kept a secret, but we didn't bring it up to casual acquaintences unless the conversation led there. When someone would say that I had mom's eyes, she and I would share a secret smile. She would say, "yes, she does." In those moments, I could so clearly feel the love between us. It was as if only she and I knew that while I didn't get her eyes genetically, I was so much her daughter that the resemblance was unmistakable just the same.
The exhibition takes place at the National Library Of Scotland on Edinburgh's George IV Bridge and runs as part of the Edinburgh Science Festival from Wednesday 28 March to Sunday 15 April 2012. The NLS is open every day although times vary and entrance to the exhibition is free.
But I do find Cameron's pronouncements particularly odious and craven. Will we now see him with the zeal of a recent convert? Or just the payer of lip service with his fingers crossed that such criminality will not rear its head in so organised a fashion as last week.
Xypherous: Precisely. You are wise, Phreak.
When you've narrowed down your choices go back to the paint store for a few extra copies so you can give them to your vendors: florist, planner, baker, etc... and they can help you finalize your wedding's colors.
There’s confusion to this sensation
I think by the time I had seen Christine eat her souffle, I felt left out so I ordered “guess the name Macaroons” where our server egged us on to guess the exact flavors (which was a surprisingly difficult task, actually). Finish it off with a coffee, and there you have the perfect Sunday morning.
You see, Stuxnet does not harm your computer at all, nor does it harm any website or file until and unless it is supposed to target that file. Therefore, it is important for people to make sure that they keep their computers safe from such attacks. A lot of antivirus programs in the world right now are providing support from programmable viruses such as this, and also provide people with a better option in order to help in keeping their computer secure. You can easily read more about such dangerous products on the internet as well as in various article directories.
It is a common question, ‘what are the signs that you are a witch?’
3. My students: Some of my favorite times of the week are when I am in the classroom with my students. Teaching is something I love to do and something I feel like the Father put on my heart early in life. The look of happiness on a student’s face when I tell them they have done some well, or gotten a good grade, brings such joy to my heart and I love encouraging them!
My starter baby is leaving me in just a few short months. He is leaving me, to go learn how to protect and defend all of you.
Red concludes the Three Colors trilogy with a moving examination of the notions of fate and chance as a beautiful runway model named Valentine (Irene Jacob) crosses paths with Joseph (Jean-Louis Trintignant), a bitter retired judge, when she accidentally hits his dog with her car. She lives in Geneva and maintains a long distance relationship with her irrationally jealous boyfriend over the phone. There is also subplot concerning a young man studying to be a judge and who is also having relationship problems.
Give Mother Earth A Chance
As expected, at midnight, I was awakened by the explosions of fireworks from the football field. But I managed to fall asleep again soon after (surprisingly) and woke up at 3:00 am, all geared up for my first ever new year’s day run. Years ago, this was the time I’d returned home from the clubs.
And to restructive of witches stands
And now on to the post that I had originally planned....
if me belly doesn’t shake,
We had gone about 7 miles to the destination lookout point, I wished to reach. We hand grazed them for a short time , tied em to the 'Hitchin' posts", then sat ourselves down for our own small munching delight.
I had no previous knowledge that this cognitively impaired woman with a limited future lifespan was having such extensive dental surgery. There is much controversy about whether an individual with a prosthetic knee replacement even needs antibiotic prophylaxis with an antibiotic notorious for causing GI distress. There were additionally concerns on my part about the choice of a codeine based narcotic for pain control based on her existing medication list.
Let's see what appears next!!
Leave us quiet in the dark of the coal-shadows,
EQEHF Blog (eqehfblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
As a teacher and mind/body wellness practitioner I recommend that you start broad and narrow as you go. This means that you begin by becoming “The Observer” in your life. This doesn’t mean that you are taking a back seat and giving up control over where your life is going. Actually, quite the opposite. It truly gives you a much better ability to steer past potential obstacles that could get you “stuck” in wrong thinking and repetitive mistakes.
"armed demonstrations might be the way to go."
And everybody’s felt lost
So watch out for the term "social justice". The government does not need to get involved with what the church does, as it will destroy our abilityto be the church. It will destroy our ability to earn money and give it away if that is our desire. (Which should be the desire of the church, and if it is not, than this may be a fault in our American churches.)
Ne pyeoneuro modu da deungeul dollyeodo
After 11 days or so, they run out of food, and the last week it is no food, only two cups of water a day, one in the morning and one in the afternoon. Once, sharks circle the boat for several hours. (Apparently, it is not uncommon for asylum seekers to be scared by this and choose to throw someone to sharks in the belief that the sharks will attack the boat if not. Fortunately that did not happen in this case.)
Get out and do something fun and enjoy all the beauty that Nature has given to us!
Its been two years since our wedding and am still amazed at how fast time flies.
July: none
I officially go home in two months. & I really only have one month left of classes! We just got done with our mid-semester break & Marist is on their last week of classes this week & then finals! Good luck to everyone back home (on finals & then surviving senior week for those of you participating). I am really excited to get back home just so i can see everyone, but I also don’t ever want to leave Sydney. I can’t really explain the feeling. I wish I could just pick up all my friends from back home & teleport them right to Sydney Harbour. That would be the best case scenario. Unfortunately that won’t be happening, but a girl can dream. I’m off to bed & all my friends back home are waking up. So good night Australia & good morning New England!
Update: Have tried some torpedo since we got back... Herself still rates it "wouldn't have another", I have it down as "a bit rough without being tough, and confused also" and "hint of toilet-duck" So I'm afraid the 6 has to stand. I would have another, but I'd probably try something else rather. I'm probably not a good judge of these yank IPAs so I don't know if you should take my hearty endorsement of the Ballast Point seriously. But I'm planning to buy some of their other stuff on the strength of it.
Is it that these questionable laws working in their favour?
Mirror horizontal
Yep, my gamer boy has taken up the noble craft of knitting. Six rows today. Who knows how long the desire to knit a whole roomful of Mario toys will last and how many rows he will actually knit ?
I’ve read all the books and seen every movie, on average, probably a dozen times. I have a playlist for all the theme songs and individual ones for the scores to my favorites. I know all kinds of non-crucial information about the series, like that the company that owns the rights to Bond is called Danjaq after the wives of the founders. So, when people question my Bond expertise, I get pretty riled up.
How often have the miles waxed wide, the woods and mountains come between
I proceeded to write a brief monologue, just to get into the character a little bit (a slightly awkward, obsessive weirdo is obviously a stretch for me) and we found the premise that became the hook of the song. “If it’s a crime to (insert really crazy behavior here), then I guess I am guilty of loving you to excess.” It was a particularly helpful hook for me, because the rhymes for “excess” provide ample opportunity for fun crazy behavior.
Everyone can find fault with the list – how is that guy on it and where is so-and-so?!? – but that’s part of its appeal.
The five clubs selected as finalists will receive an award at the RYA Volvo
British author Brian Aldiss's 1964 novel, Greybeard, takes a different tack to exploring the worry and paranoia that were present during the first two decades of the Atomic Age. Rather than showing a sudden decline, instead his novel is devoted to a human civilization, as Eliot might describe, that is going out more with a whimper than a bang. The story begins in 2029 in Oxford, roughly fifty years after the "Big Accident," in which a nuclear weapon explodes in the upper atmosphere, rendering all humans (or so it seems) sterile. There are no more children, everyone is in their 50s or older. The story's narrator, Algy Timberlane, most commonly known as Greybeard for his navel-length beard, reminisces on the changes wrought by the collapse of human society following this incident that occurred when he was little more than a toddler. He does not remember a "before," only an "after." From billions, the worldwide human population has shrunk to a bare few million. Flora and fauna rush in to fill in the gaps. Instead of the hedonistic last days portrayed in Shute's novel or the religious imagery found in Miller's work, Greybeard's focus centers around a slow, gradual march of wilderness overtaking the last remnants of human society:
Most surprising of all, though, “Chico & Rita,” has been nominated for an Academy Award as best animated feature – usually the sole province of family oriented fare. In a film year generally acknowledged as one of the most lackluster, it will be interesting to see if “The Artist” and “Chico and Rita” show that breaking out of the box sometimes gets you to the Oscar stage.
Fallen from his winter coat was left behind,
"When the Son of man shall come in his glory, and all the holy angels with him, then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory: And before him shall be gathered all nations: and he shall separate them one from another, as a shepherd divideth his sheep from the goats: And he shall set the sheep on his right hand, but the goats on the left. Then shall the King say unto them on his right hand, Come, ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world ...
My father lived a couple of streets to my house and I would lie to my grand mother saying I was going to the park and was actually visiting my hippy Kung Fu teaching dad with a bag of stolen foods, soap and other mecessities from home.
Hamish...
My family toured Fort Clatsop right at the time we were studying it at home, which made the whole experience eight bazillion times more exciting. Well, for me, at least. And for you, you know! You get the official tour via pictures. You're welcome.
Earlier I was touched by the Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan speech when he addressed members of his AKP party in parliament, appealing to Hosni Mubarak, the Egyptian president: "You have to listen to the wishes of the people in order to create security and stability. First you must take steps that are good for Egypt. You must take steps that satisfy the people.Everyone has the right to fight for freedom, but without violence.You must not forget that the people who oppose you are still human, still your brothers."said the Turkish PM. In what he said was both a warning and piece of advice for Mubarak, Erdogan said, “We are all passing, and we will be judged by what we left behind.”
The Definition of Insanity
My wife and I continue to sample the Canadian meat-pie (Tourtière de l’Île) annually during the Christmas holidays, while remembering some of the old French families that shared their ancient recipes handed down through the generations.
Lost and Lonely Feeling
Later, she was established on her tricycle, wobbling around their tiny garden, pedalling away in little spurts of blind fury. This was supposed to tire her out. Michal volunteered to be the policeman who had to check her driving license. Lying exquisitely, she insisted that the photograph of the heavily middle-aged Michal was really of her.
Female Hiker: "Did you see those guys coming down? They got lost last night in the storm, ended up staying the night."
This success has been also attributed to Hooda governments’ efforts to support sportspersons, though on occasion he is seeing quoting “I am sportsman.” His stint as two time chief Minister was taking a beating after the negative publicity his state was taking but certainly he could take a breather with commonwealth success story before media gets going with the usual stuff.
Blogs that make me happy.
I do look on the bright side of things and when he came he told me something which I will pass on to you now.
I waited in the recovery area for about an hour. There again the nurses were super friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. The doctor came in after to check on me and give me a final report on what was retrieved.
So what do I do? Sometimes I find myself making items just because I want to and holding it until the appropriate season. Sometimes I do make seasonally appropriate items. And sometimes I put my yarns away altogether (gasp) and pursue another craft.
The usefulness of the mobile phone in health promotion and behavior change has been tested with several randomized trials all over the world in recent years. Not surprisingly, the majority of the academic and private-sector research is done in developed countries for chronic problems such as diabetes, smoking, obesity, and heart disease. In developing countries, there are also studies on the effectiveness of mobile messaging for improving HIV/AIDS drug regimen adherence programs. At least one meta-analysis suggests that mobile phone is indeed helping diabetic patients and their healthcare providers globally.
All right. I'll give you one more. I'm a pretty quirky person. I can't eat the end slices from a loaf of packaged bread. Yuk!
of it comes near. Friends help and cheer and lift
underming the purpose of the permit. Where street performance is completely
(917): hes totally cute, too bad i slept with his father
And now the tree is up where the chair and table were:) If you'd like to look at last year's stairs, you can go HERE.
The Altran Engineering Academy has a proven track record as the launching pad for a career in F1. 2004 winner Mark Caldwell continues to work with the team as a CAD engineer, while other winners and finalists have worked with the team in trackside and factory roles, and continue to do so. The 2009 Academy winner, Helen Makey, triumphed with a presentation on enhancing energy efficiency through moveable aerodynamics. She was the competition’s first female winner, and recently had her contract extended to continue working in the team’s performance department.
If Goldman Sachs doesn't rule the world, at least the firm is doing a grand job of getting its alumni into places of influence, including the premierships of Greece and Italy and the head of the European Central Bank. (Via James Delingpole.)
Maybe I did think that. That once I didn't hear more, then there was no more. These soldiers don't often talk, I'm finding. Who can blame them? It's taken me a year to find the words to tell about one meal around my table.
She has a Masters of Art in Thanatology and a Bachelors of Science in Long-Term Care Administration. She works closely with funeral homes, cemeteries, senior centers, skilled nursing facilities, assist living facilities, and other community resources. She has educated funeral directors on different grieving subjects across the state of PA through Pennsylvania Funeral Director’s Association. She was recently recognized as Employee of the Quarter in 2011.
The article by Mainichi Shinbun on September 13 (linked below) summarizes the findings well enough. According to the article, the government researchers at Japan Atomic Energy Research and Development Agency and at Tokyo University announced the result of their analysis that the explosion of Reactor 4 reactor building at Fukushima I Nuclear Power Plant on March 15 may have been caused by a large amount of hydrogen gas produced by water radiolysis – dissociation of molecules by nuclear radiation in the Reactor 4 Spent Fuel Pool
He and his gang controlled the lucrative drug market in Rome and were also rumoured to have a ‘free hand’ because of their links with police and Italian secret service agents.
Click on the title to play the file.....a caller and a D.J., over the air.....talking about illegal immigrants and Arizona. It's only about 2 and a half minutes long.
To say those type of things; in a, in a, we’re in a situation right now where racism is just huge. But to say those type of things. You can’t say that. You can’t say that. And all I called was for advice. I didn’t ask to be beat up. And personally attacked. And personally attacked, you know.
Blend and serve over salad.
Okay, it wasn’t accidental, it was stupid and on purpose, but still. Someone dear to me was also unwittingly ‘signed-up’ for a fee-based ringtone service after completing an IQ test on Facebook.
They fought through many days and nights.
2010.09.04 Afghanistan Kandahar 3 11 Three civilians including a child are blown to bits by a Fedayeen martyr.
One part has been my feelings. For the better part of my life I thought that my feelings were bad and I had dissociated them. I would start to feel something and then immediately I would push it away. This happens to me a lot in therapy. I will start to feel sad and the moment I try to connect to it, it goes away and I am left feeling blank.
in the House 1/2 un houre before she
And out the window the afternoon light faded and the gulls screeched as the fog swept in.
And finally, pursuing a career is no longer on my list. I used to think that that was what I wanted, or needed to want to want. Well, now I know that I am driven, like tangible results and progress and financial independence… and don’t need a career to fulfil these things. Especially not if a career means that everything hinges on how much power you have and how much money you earn (read: being a slave to someone and to money, always).
The rich man went to hell not because he was rich but because he was a self-absorbed egomaniac who thought it was all about him. He refused to be saved and he refused to love even the least that was among him and his ilk.
Season the sauce with salt and pepper to taste. Add the drained pasta and the Parmesan cheese. Cook for an additional minute or until the cheese melts. Serve sprinkled with the bacon and chives.
I’ll visit the shop once or twice every 2-3 months and they always, ALWAYS have new ear rings on display!!
Here’s to having fun,
Specialists account for 258,032 of the total physician organization membership, the research has found.
What do I mean by that? Study. Marry. Have kids. Be ambitious. Strive to have LOTS AND LOTS OF MONEY. Sacrifice yourself. Don’t think for yourself – listen to those wiser than you. Strive to be powerful (in an external way).
Coming soon, a few more writers locations
Many thanks to Tamsyn for the interview!
Anyway my resolve has been sorely tested of late. My favourite Mary Jane black work shoes are looking a little tired and my trusty long black cardigan (which looks fabulously corporate when I need it or casual when I don't) has developed holes. The horror.
and moved into the neighborhood.
This time, of course, the magicians have new rabbits and new hats. But it's all still illusions.
My adorable old grandpa is the person who gets the mail DAILY, and he said the mail usually comes about 11. So naturally, 11:01 I'm texting my mother: ANYTHING?!?!?
Firestone Union Jack IPA
Paper: Cosmo Cricket Everafter
Breakfast: 1/2 glass acai berry juice and 1 guava
I am working on a review but first, a few images to whet your appetite. There were so many beautiful things that I hardly know where to start. Not just paintings but wallpaper and furniture, illuminated books and etchings, pottery and silver tea sets.
-Bring a large pot of water to boil. Cook pasta according to the package directions. Drain, reserving 1/2 cup of pasta water. Set aside.
December 5th I will also host a Holiday Card Making class at DIVA. This is not a class where I make a kit and everyone makes the same card. Rather, this is a fundraiser for DIVA and I bring down a mixture of papercrafting supplies where we are creating our own mixed-media/altered arts creations. Bring some embellishments to share or swap with classmates. Your class fee becomes a donation for DIVA.
WRITE!
Why is it then when you find a "Nice" guy.. you like but you still refuse to touch?
“Intention energizes willingness, which thereby enables transformation to replace the limitations consequent to resistance.” -Scott Jeffrey, Dissolving the Ego
and a revolt began leading to the Texas Revolution against Mexico
It’s not just how you look but what you sound like. Anywhere in the world, accents send out clues to someone’s social status and upbringing – I blogged about it recently.
You’re already a published adult fiction author, what made you want to write for a younger audience? Is it a genre you enjoy reading?
The passion of the newly formed Anglican Mission in North America for reaching “the unchurched and spiritually-disconnected,” evangelizing them, and enfolding them in new churches attracted me to that organization. My open sympathy for the AMiA would result in the demand for my resignations as the senior lay reader of the parish that I had helped to pioneer. I became involved in a short-lived attempt to plant an Anglican Mission church in my community. For a time I nurtured the idea of planting an Anglican Mission church myself.
na, don't worry about rabies, even
Earlier, the Constitutional Court upheld the Citizen newspaper's appeal in a defamation case brought by McBride.
Candlelit Eyes; A Jack-o-Lanterns Point of View
Pinsky said, “We believe it is competitive information.”
We got on the Treadmill for a 2.5k run to see what it was like. As this was his first time using it he didn’t want to dive straight in. We started running, he in the mask and I just running normally and I have to say I was impressed. I knew that my breathing was off because I could hear his breathing at it was in perfect rhythm. After the 2.5k we stopped to evaluate the damage, and the shock was, there wasn’t any. It had worked perfectly, limiting the amount of oxygen enough that, although more tired as expected, it had just made the workout more effective.
This is a giallo by Lucio Fulci which he made prior to his gore drenched zombie years so it might disappoint some fans but it's still a fine film and has some grizzly moments. I'm a big fan (obviously) of Mr. Fulci and I have seen this film but only once and it was a long time ago. I need to see it again. I don't remember liking it as much as his earlier giallo efforts nor does this giallo outshine other, better films in the genre but it is a fine effort nonetheless and a good film. The stand out here is the score though so I hope you enjoy it. It really does help to "make" the film. Oh and if you didn't know already a key track from the score was used by Tarantino in his film KILL BILL VOL. 1
one of these days
“No Way Down” takes us inside an ill-fated exhibition to conquer K2. The book is a thrilling and spine-chilling account of what happened when a collection of teams tried to conquer the second tallest mountain in the world. What made the account especially poignant for me was remembering the press coverage at the time about Gerard McDonnell, the first Irishman to climb to the top of K2. In this book he is presented as an Irishman to be proud of, with great humour and generosity and the ability to get on with people from all backgrounds.
Really, tricksters are a lot like kids: they think in unique ways, not yet locked in by society's assertions; they delight in pranks; they are selfish, yet unexpectedly kind. A child is the ultimate trickster.
OK... I am so falling short of my July goal of posting everyday, that I need to do something about it, and I cannot procrastinate any further.
Thirty years you drove, well or sick,
That's it from me. Gonna go watch some Masterchef and try and finish a row or two of ripples (it is really just an excuse to snuggle under it...bit chilly here tonight).
I was in agony for the next while, checking my phone every free chance I got, Then FINALLY
It takes time, yes. But practice makes perfect. I have the calves of a horse, sure, but it goes to show how much effort I have put into dancing. I’m proud to be a step dancer. I wouldn’t have it any other way.
Thanks for reading! XOXO
The scholars were unanimous in calling the situation in some of the Muslim countries as demonstration of modern sedition (fitna) and that the only solution to the misfortune befalling the Ummah is to seek refuge in Islam and the Tradition of the Prophet (peace be upon him).
Ten years have passed since The New Age was launched and in this brief span of time the world in which we live has been shaken and shocked, torn and devastated; ravaged and bled as never before in its history. Every page of the record capitalism has made in that time has been written in the blood of its slaughtered victims. All previous wars were crude and dismal failures in point of slaughter as a science and destruction as a fine art compared to the Twentieth Century World War under the Christian Capitalist Competitive System. All the modern ingenuity the world afforded, all the arts and sciences in its command were employed in the highly Christianized and civilized undertaking to blow the earth to atoms, destroy everything in sight, and slaughter all mankind, save alone the international bankers and profiteer and their hireling slaves.
All interesting, but at the schools and in the classrooms there are other significant benefits to online payment systems. Staff have told us that with “cashless”, teachers no longer spend the first ten minutes of the day playing bank teller. With cashless, pizza day volunteers and office staff are no longer conscripted bank security guard. At least as important in mostly affluent Halton, the kid who woud other wise be quietly munching his cheese and ketchup sandwich on pizza day “’cause I hate pizza” enjoys a slice with his classmates because his name is on the list. Cashless can discretely reduce obvious socio-economic differences for kids in our elementary and secondary schools.
When I removed all of my fears about the what-ifs of leaving it all behind, the clearest answer was to take the opportunity to travel the world and worry about the rest later. If I only had a year to live, the answer was clear- I would do whatever it took (and no, I'm not planning on dying anytime soon- it's just another method to remove fear and doubt from a decision.) I decided to stop accepting clients in New England for 2012, I would slow down on my marketing and new projects that I wouldn't be around to follow-up on, I wouldn't renew my studio lease, I would save as much money as I could, I would sell my studio furnishings, we would sell a car we weren't really using, we would pay off as much of our debt as possible, we would eat out less, and we would prepare to live out of a carry-on suitcase and a backpack for 8 months. Alex would be on sabbatical from teaching at the university and still get his salary and some research reimbursements, and I would save up in advance and try to freelance wherever I could with a visiting visa that allows me to take on work in Australia.
The escalators stop at various levels. Enjoy the view and go up again. At the top, 12th storey, is a restaurant, mini garden and fountain. Snap away with the cameras. At the point of taking the pictures, storm clouds are brewing in the horizon so the pictures are a bit dark.
Monday we are in two parades, Elmira and Horseheads. The outreach team has made the best float to date and we are asking everyone to come and walk with us in the parades. This shows the family side of His Tabernacle. We are giving away freezer pops and invitations this year. Come and reach the lost through testimony of presence on Monday.
Like a spotlight on earth the actors seem true
If you have any questions about my trip or Japan, please tell me in the comments below(no registration needed) or in an e-mail to:
Nov 29 2010
There are two factors. First, the end of communism in the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe, and the loss of faith in communism elsewhere, particularly China. Atheists and non-religious people are overwhelmingly concentrated in communist countries. About two thirds of the world's atheist population is in China.
I’m deformed. (OK you hardly know me so you want to be spared the details, please try to read on, it’s not horrific).
Time pasted from day then back to night.
New beer time! This round is a collaboration between Redhook Brewery and the Emerald City Supporters who are the loudest and proudest of the Seattle Sounders fans.
British National Party National Organiser Adam Walker was arrested today outside the offices of Wakefield District Housing for registering a complaint about the company’s persecution of employee Colin Atkinson for displaying a small Christian cross in his work van.
eventually decided to have
Applications are invited for a permanent lectureship or senior lectureship in Japanese Studies. The post will be based within the subject area of East Asian Studies in the School of Arts, Languages, and Cultures.
I can’t have a dog because I’m away from my apartment at least sixty-hours a week. But those other 128 hours (minus some sleep here and there) are just enough time to care for the backyard pets I’ve been craving.
down her station and checked to make sure the sharps box wasn’t full. She could
Romans 10:10-11
I apologize for this picture-heavy post ... I just liked my pictures (wow, I feel really weird saying that), and I didn't know how to edit them down. They made me smile when I looked at them, and I kind of needed that.
‘Where the mind is without fear and the head is held high;
Hope you like these as much as I do :)
Than ever it has been before,
1. Say Valley Maker (5:34)
To be understood – maybe that is the final validation that all of us need.
I’m still hoping to get her in to one of the playgroups at Telethon Speech & Hearing but at the moment the are all full. We have been for an interview/assessment a while ago so hopefully there will be a spot available soon. As we are away most of term 2 I’m hoping to get her in for term 3 and 4, that would be awesome. . It is quite expensive and we can’t use the Better Start Funding for this program unfortunately but I think it’s worth exploring every avenue. We are also doing both speech and physio at The Centre for Cerebral Palsy and Kids are Kids as usual.
If so, I think our hipsters may find themselves right back in the same box.
“In fact, it was related to me by a reliable source that one BN councillor, his wife and two children were the lucky recipients of four 1Malaysia laptops, one for each of them,” Bian said.
As the people receive Communion, the communion song is sung. The unity of voices echoes the unity the Eucharist brings. All may spend some time in silent prayer of thanksgiving as well.
after i made them - i brought some over to my parents house - and they actually made a comment about them that jogged my memory - down in south NJ there is a restaurant called The Smithville Inn - when we first got our house down the shore (almost 20 years ago now) we would eat at this place frequently - and turns out as an appetizer they would serve popovers with different kinds of jams and relishes to put on top - unfortunately they do no serve them any longer ..
I think most writers can agree that they would not want to step within a mile of any of those events, and yet they seem to keep popping up for me. (At this point I can almost see the comedy in it all. Laugh or cry, right?)
My mother smiled at him. “Thanks again for everything. How can we possibly repay you?”
In the 1930s, decades before to the property’s expropriation, the Bigio family had leased it to Coca-Cola, which was “fully aware that the property had been stolen from the family without compensation,” the family’s lawyers said. Wednesday’s appeal filing comes after the US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit in New York dismissed Bigio’s case against Coca-Cola in March on the grounds that the Bigios had “not sufficiently alleged that the Coca-Cola Company headquarters in the US controlled Coca- Cola Egypt.”
I only showed you how to do this roller brush once, then you were ALL over it! (notice the 'concentration tongue')
Using a knife or a mandolin, slice apples as thin as possible. Lay them side by side on a baking sheet, being careful not to overlap, lest you want conjoined chips.
Hauling ass out of here, bub.
The heavy rain we had today splashed away the top of several of our radishes, and when we pulled them, we were really surprised.
that faded celeb’s footwork
But okay, life's goes on ;-)
The Rum Song was written around 1830 and is helpful in establishing the mood (defiance) and slang of the time.
Many observers, myself included, have a great deal of respect for the role the Burkinabè, particularly Foreign Minister Bassolé, have played throughout this crisis. Bassolé has demonstrated quiet, effective diplomacy and a knack for heading off conflicts. But the ECOWAS heads of state, with their deadlines and threats, have put him in a difficult position. The risk now is that more Malians (especially those in and around Bamako) will start to perceive the current crisis as pitting Mali’s needs against sinister foreign agendas, as the country’s anti-globalization left has been depicting things all along. Up till now those radical anti-ECOWAS voices have been a tiny fringe, but in light of the heavy-handed tactics recently adopted by ECOWAS, they are growing louder and more numerous by the day, putting further attempts at outside mediation in jeopardy. An anti-ECOWAS rally has already been announced for Thursday.
A rampage towards the end is amusing, as is a rubbish voodoo witch character (Ali). Some of the dialogue is unintionally funny (the line "work, work, work candy bar. Work, work, work, hot dog" particularly cracked me up) as are the actors' deliveries. Satan Claus boasts the least passionate "you fucking son of a bitch" ever committed to film. A man delivers a desperate monologue on the evils of vigilante justice (yes, he says the phrase "judge, jury and executioner") that's so bad it had me hoping somebody would go all vigilante justice in his face with a shotgun.
Billy Ray Gallion
8Of the tribe of Zabulon were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Joseph were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Benjamin were sealed twelve thousand.
For instance, I don't believe in a shush library. If your library is quiet, that means people aren't in there. That's bad for your stats and for your community. And I did let people help in the kitchen (even though the mess ... omigod the mess ...). And I basically stood back and let this lovely, loud, gregarious, generous family come into my house and take over.
It made me realise that staying in this job – despite my knowing that Baclofen is suppressing my motivation to drink – is going to get me down. I’m always going to be seen as the emotionally damaged, self-destructive, alcoholic and someone to laugh at.
The complete statewide schedule for iBudget Florida implementation is as follows:
Here, then, we circle around the heart of the Bidmead approach. And around an issue that’s been lurking around since what may in fact be my most controversial post, the one on The Masque of Mandragora. There I suggested that even that story, more overtly about the triumph of science over superstition than any other in the series, cannot quite be taken as nailing the case. On fundamental levels the entire grammar of narrative undercuts the argument.
This statement is simply about Rush covering his oversized ass, keeping his job and the millions of dollars it provides him, nothing more, nothing less.
Does God promise you a spouse? Yes, as the bride of Jesus Christ. Does God promise you an earthly spouse? No, because finding a husband is a process, in which two people decide to sacrifice themselves for each other’s benefit. So, don’t let the goal of earthly marriage control your life. Otherwise, you will become miserable, because you cannot control the future or free will of other people.
Before we share the scenarios, we did want to state that there are a number of ways to make this deal work based on what coupons you have and so many different combinations of products. We are going to show the best scenarios with each type of coupon that we were able to come up with. After speaking with CVS, the jumbo pack diapers are listed as 2 for $20, but you do not have to buy in groups of two to get the $10 price. So the jumbo packs are going to yeild the best value as you can use a coupon on each!
we only have the possibility to screen dvd at the London screening but welcome submissions in other formats as well (for the archive, but also, if you are happy for us to do it, to copy to dvd if we are able to, for the programme). If your work is on 16 mm or super 8 we probably can’t copy it immediately but would love to discuss with you screening it in the future, and of course for archive purposes we’d love to have it.
1 reproduced
Theolphilus
The physical absorption process was begun by a simple touch and was irreversible. The faces of his victims could be seen embedded in his flesh and retain their identity and consciousness for several days at least, but are also able to access the creature's own thoughts. As previously noted, the Abzorbaloff also required the use of a limitation field (disguised as part of Kennedy's cane or the cane itself) to keep his absorption ability in check.
Valentine’s day, birthday, anniversary, forgetting one of these occasions, coming home after being out of town on business for a week, and sticking your foot in your mouth. What do all of these have in common? For husbands, they are occasions when it is expected that you will buy something for your wife.
The problem is compounded by the fact that many states have dramatically reduced their own emergency management spending in recent years, as the federal government has shown itself willing to shoulder the burden. Basic political truth: Once funding is taken away from a program and spent elsewhere, it becomes extremely difficult to reclaim.
This song helped her so much when she was in grief counseling. She was keeping everything bottled up inside, until her counselor played this song for her. She cried like never before, which was difficult to watch, but it was so necessary. Once she got all those feelings out, she was ready to start healing, and I think that was a turning point for her. I also think it was how she discovered music as a form of therapy, which has been an integral part of her growth and healing process ever since.
Mistakes made in Men's hair coloring:
"Yea, where did Chris go?"
They say they're learning
What have I learned from this? Hopefully I've learned to not jump the gun and let my emotions run away with me. I forgot that experts often comment in areas where they are amateurs - and I am not an expert in law. So the next time I comment on a law, I'll do my best to get expert advice.
Marley said this to himself more than to Roland. He kicked at a stone and trailed his friend deeper into the woods. He supposed it would be good to get his mom something really nice, like something from a jewelry store or a big bouquet of flowers. But how to explain how he got the money for it? And what if he got caught? What if he got killed? What if… He sighed, realizing the conversation had ruined his buzz.
Anyway, we still have much to do and much progress to make, on all of our projects. It’s so exciting! We’ll keep everyone posted as we take on San Antonio, Texas – one small business at a time.
all my talking on that night except for that tiny little voice in the
The costume direction (by Jill Ohannesson) is just fine, sometimes boring, except for Nolan (see examples of his outfits here), who is the Hamptons version of Chuck Bass, extremely preppy and bold; and Ashley, played by Ashley Madekwe. Both are the most interesting characters of the series, in terms of fashion.
You will let go of unrealistic expectation…anger…despair and negative enemies…
I hope by now, it is clear to all that I have a bit of a one track mind currently. I’m calling it premature senioritis. I mean, it isn’t even all that premature either-December 2012! But currently, it’s a struggle trying to finnish up this semester. I have papers to write, projects to complete, and books to read. But all I can think about is summer.
Another picture of people in the streets. The atmosphere was completely electric and there were a ton of drunk people downtown.
The solution to this problem (and I agree that all things being equal, it would preferable to have many more women in science) is not to refuse to have the conversation. If women are less likely to be in science because of family (Summer's guess at the top reason) then institutions could adopt more family friendly policies, as some are already doing. And if social biases are found to be truly a contributing factor, than we can more adeptly and confidently address these biases.
Had fun today editing these two photos with Bonnie's new texture for this week, "HOPE" and also used Artist Note which I thought looked lovely on this first photo. I love the fun we have in this blog, and it is a very special place for me to visit each week. Always look forward to being here on Friday. Hope to be back with my computer and ( me too) all fixed by Monday. All of you have an awesome weekend, and be sure to check in to see all of the awesome contributions at PHOTO ART FRIDAY! Oh and Bonnie, how I do love this layer mask. It is just great!
Which means not only will I be working 39 hours a week (basically full-time) but also will be working the B&G's Club as well.
Deputy Richard Boyd Barrett: <U+FFFC> <U+FFFC> That is an appalling comment.
1 acknowledged
the frantic moth that got in here
You can see how things would pile up on a guy. No kidding. When it comes time to shovel the blame there ain't two or three ways about it. If the economy turns sour, it's Ol' Hoss who provided the lemons. And that puts everybody else at ease. Those folks looking for a dope to blame can go right back to what they were doing, which was, of course, nothing.
JOHN’O'DRISCOLL: Tell you what, Chris?
And this was the second tear ambush of the day!
to themselves, pawns in a game they simply refuse to understand, at least in most cases. The stance of AAWR is really quite clear, Islam per-se is not a threat to this country, it is merely a religious belief system, it is unfettered immigration that is a threat, treacherous government and the money-powers hold over our nation state.
Although a summer/fall 2010 release, I finally finished the 17th issue of DARK DISCOVERIES. I've been enjoying their recent line of theme-issues, this time taking on dark science fiction.
The flower is one of Momenta's wonderful clear layered stickers. This is my favorite Momenta embellishment.
Without women, the beginning of our lives would be devoid of support, the middle of - of pleasure and the end - of consolation.
From her incredible vintage paper wreaths to her altered recipe cards
Claire, I need you around me.
Personally, I wouldn’t quite agree that Islam was the first community to allow divorce without grounds, but I’d be willing to believe they were the first community to codify it – from the historical records, it seems to have happened in the Byzantine world, as well, but it wasn’t written as law there.
I haven’t been willing to face the truth until now, because the fact of the matter is this.
* Let the kids choose one of the kids kits at Hobby Lobby (hopefully when they are on sale), and take a day to actually do it!
My nights are all black velvet, unbroken and serene.
Katie stood in front of him now, her hands on her hips. “Because if they can do that to you, they can do it to any of our tutors.”
Ink: Rich Cocoa Memento
How can I tell what's expected of me?
And finally our attempt at a family photo (I was setting it up in this shot) but it was a huge epic FAIL. I sat them in fire ants and well - that was all she wrote. Bah. I just we just have to go back again soon to try again?! ;)
“I thought we decided not to take her,” she said.
In case you’re wondering, yes, this goes out to some of the the guys I know, we tend to disagree on many things. I stopped believing in playing relationships and dating games. Like many of the women that I know, I’m very upfront, my memory is pretty awesome and I tend not to forget things that easily, it’s those Omega 369 I tell you. They say they’re good for the brain, perhaps that’s why my memory remains in tact.
Are you spiritually paralyzed? Do you need a doctor for your soul? Jesus is the Divine Physician and has given us a new heart in our Baptism, yet we need to have regular checkups and receive the medicine that keeps us healthy, namely the Eucharist. Ask some friends for help, if they say no, it is my opinion that you should get new friends! Spiritually, we were all paralyzed at one time. Our meetings are not anonymous though, they are public and we need to support each other every day on our road to recovery, called Heaven.
Similarly, for Ethiopia, the massive amount of water generated by the huge annual rainfall, but the fact that nearly all of the 111 bcm flowed to neighboring states, prompted (until the last decade) the “sovereign right” position to use the waters within its territory for its own national development. For Ethiopia the loss of huge volumes of soil in the annual flood also underlined the fact that it could be resource rich and poor at the same time unless the resources could be harnessed more effectively. The nature of dependence on resources received externally against internal renewable resources is illustrated in Figure 6. (See original publication)
S: Erm, ok… So tell me; how did we do with the community leaders?
We get the MTV-staged piece about how she got pregnant (seventh grade Biology, ya'll). Apparently they only used protection "once or twice" because it was awkward and weird to talk about. Note: this is PROBABLY a sign you should not be having sex with someone. Just sayin'. The lack of protection is somehow his fault because he should've just, like, put one on or something, ya know? (Teenage girls! Do not ever, ever, ever, ever, ever depend on the guy to take care of pregnancy protection. HE is not the one who will get pregnant)!
and the rain falls,
Tomorrow is going to have to be a cramming sesh for the week of presentations and tests coming up .. joy of joys. I’m not looking forward to it at all. I’m actually really worried. I’m so stupid like that aha.
Today I created a new world. A digital world devoted solely to all my social media accounts. All those months ago, I thought blogging would result in a few extra emails and tied everything into our home email address. At the time, I also ticked every conceivable chance for Blogger, Facebook and Twitter to send me emails. Add to this, countless newsletter subscriptions. Sound familiar? The result: I am drowning in emails and losing sight of my life. Net Net Result: Mr. H and kids are grumpy with Mrs. H.
Pressed Powder (Brown Bronze 2)
Is this what Vermonters want?
We made a, so called Maple Almond Bread.
So -- thought, let's see what else this author has, looked him up by name, and wound up with a list of stories we (the audience) could buy -- and the text assured the reader that these stories were "hot, erotic"...??
Scarf - Christmas gift (from Target)
Shamen Move any mountain UK
P.S. Kenya, don’t be mad at the Title! I just needed a title that would grab your attention and other peoples. Your not a loser. LOL! Text me Kenya!
Do you have the stinks? Do you have to double or triple rinse? Does it feel like it takes all day to wash a load of diapers? Is your water bill outrageous because of all the extra rinses? Do you spend a ton of money on laundry soap for diapers? Do you have to strip diapers because of soap build up?
This stanza is partly true, but also contains much that is false. For example, the use of the categorical “never’ is fallacious. I am a warrior, and I will say “sorry” when I muck something up.
Melanie hadn’t a clue what he was talking about until she got home and inserted the card into her computer. She stared aghast at the photo, one Alexander had taken when they first moved to Rubicon Ranch. Apparently it remained on the card when the rest of the images had been erased. She dropped her head in her hands. Of all the people in the world, Seth was the last one she’d want to see that photo of herself in gauzy desert clothes, silhouetted against a sunny window, leaving nothing to the imagination.
Windows fogged now.
SEARCH RESULTS - Pages 0 to 9 out of 600+ results are shown below.
There were times that I believed I was the only person who struggled with such things, in spite of knowing that “there hath no temptation taken you but such as is common to man” (I Corinthians 10:13). Yet still I struggled alone, never quite gone, but brought so low that I began to wonder if I was worth the bullet.
My parents thought I was sick, lying in my dorm room in Fairmont, West Virginia. I could see the headline now.
lack of fantasy baseball: this is the first year in ages i am playing no forms of fantasy baseball (or any fantasy sport for that matter). oddly it’s also the year i’ve had the most time to watch and analyze baseball. i’d likely be killing my league right now after 4 months of watching the sport non stop from the first day of spring training on.
full of Munchkin girl charms
Hi all. I had planned to post WiP updates throughout the HoA project, but illness intervened. Suffice to say the models were all finished in time, and I'm back on my feet, alive and well. Unfortunately, I had to drop the superheavy plans, but I had no choice given the deadline constraints and time spent in the hospital instead of at the workbench. Alas...
Deucalion, Carson and Michael get wind of Victor’s survival, but when they go to Rainbow Falls, they have no idea what they are going to find or how desperate the situation will become before they can bring an end to Victor and his mad plot.
Jordan called the attacks, which were all on black individuals, vicious and cowardly and said the Tulsa Police Department is going to do whatever it takes to apprehend anyone involved.
Natural gas is hailed by many as being the cleanest fossil fuel as it produces less carbon dioxide than either coal or oil. The gas can also be found in an abundance with resevoirs of natural gas deep underground in many locations in both Britain and Ireland, as well as the United States where a lot of the controversies have arisen from.
Also? Being pregnant is starting to really hurt. Like, everywhere. Everything hurts. My stomach feels too heavy, I can't breathe, and my feet are swollen.
I'm so excited to introduce you all to a beautiful line of jewelry made by one of Chicago's very own, Rachel Olesker. Rachel's pieces are all one of a kind - literally every single piece is different than the next in some way.
7. It is more non-stick than any non-stick cookware I have used. If you were keen to test this theory, you could try making crepes – I pointed out in that blog entry that I had never been able to make decent crepes until I tried it with cast iron. I never have to oil my cast iron pan to make my spectacular crepes – they just lift right off once they’re done. Unbelievable. I think it’s something to do with the more consistent heat distribution you get using such a heavy pan.
Ecourbe Cils De Chanel Precision Eyelash Curler
The last and cutest way to promote an album so here I am sharing with people everyone check out reborn part 1 by brain joo. I promise you will thank me.
It has subtitles.
Last Friday was Sing-a-long night, a disaster because my laptop kept freezing. (Fuckin’ spyware!) Still, because of Sanford’s current environment and my bad choice in music that night, inspiration hit Matt.
-I put my makeup on, in case a good soul decided to come visit me. Two people did. But I didn't do my hair, and it looked like a scarecrow's.
Last year wasn't as sad for us because Dave and I had only been in here for about 9 months. This year was a bit more sad saying goodbye to the people we had become friends with. Next year will be even more sad because some of our closest friends will be moving on.
Rom 12:9-16 (Phi) Let us have no imitation Christian love. Let us have a genuine hatred for evil and a real devotion to good. Let us have real warm affection for one another as between brothers, and a willingness to let the other man have the credit. Let us not allow slackness to spoil our work and let us keep the fires of the Spirit burning, as we do our work for the Lord. Base your happiness on your hope in Christ. When trials come endure them patiently; steadfastly maintain the habit of prayer. Give freely to fellow-Christians in want, never grudging a meal or a bed to those who need them… Share the happiness of those who are happy, and the sorrow of those who are sad. Live in harmony with each other, Don’t become snobbish but take a real interest in ordinary people. Don’t become set in your own opinions.
People are buying online more than ever, as it stands, Online Spending increases by 10-15% each year. Yes there are plenty of people out there running scams, but with things like Social Media, Google and Blogs we have the ability to assess information ourselves, ask our friends for advice, pull up tonnes of information on companies and decide whether they are people we want to associate with.
It was a fun time! I met some new friends, a couple of young girls whose enthusiasm made all of us happy and who made sure every kid got everything signed that they wanted signed by climbing over the glass and screaming at the hockey players who were happy to oblige!
In all, two-thirds of the IoMs money comes from government sources, several of which are military and “homeland security” related. What this reveals is that various government agencies function as “shell companies” to funnel money into the IoM. More than five percent of the IoM’s funding comes from the Department of Defense, and a further 3.6% comes from the Department of Homeland Security.
I was soon back on the Red Arrow and back in Chesterfield. I had wanted to go to the Rose and Crown at Brampton but needed some cash and a loo visit first. I found the Market Inn on the Market Place which had been recommended to me earlier as selling local beers, but what I found was a range of national brews, with a few exceptions. I had a half of the Harviestoun Bitter and Twisted (£1.50) and stayed for a brief drink, given that it was completely rammed.
fixer upper. I may be walking everywhere (very European).
A 20000 sq/ft. Industrial shed with a shed area of 15000 sq/ft. and office space of 2000 sq/ft. is available at a rent of Rs 25 sq/ft. and 8 months deposit. The shed has a 5 ton crane provisioning and a power of 65hp . The Sheds height is 30 feet with Trimix Flooring and an overhead water tank.
I love you. You make me feel all the things opposite of how men make me feel.
“Did we mention he was a cross-dresser?
lemon zest ( a bout 1/2 tsp-1 tsp or so)
The dry dog food
They spend HOURS out there... HOURS... in a lopsided pool... eyeballing to see if it is level? It doesn't work...
The Great Recovery is a grassroots movement spread by people who are tired of looking to Washington for answers. The truth is that the government can’t fix this economy. It will be restored one family at a time, as each of us takes a stand to return to God and grandma’s way of handling money.
The girls soon leave and even though they could not get the egg back, they thanked Sakai, Junko, and Miura for their kindness. While the three are testing for radioactivity in an industrial area, Godzilla suddenly pops out of a beach (supposedly where he has been resting since his deafeat at the hands of King Kong) and begins to attack the surrounding cities. Godzilla appears to still be 'hung over' from his bought with Kong and stumbles about the area, falling down on several occasions. Godzilla also manages to get his tail stuck in the base of a radio tower and pulls it over on himself while trying to get free. At this point it is easy to see why 'Clumzilla' would become easy prey for both Mothra and her offsping later in the movie.
14. VII Good night!
are nothing more than a base-level revenue generating agent for them
In the end, I was really happy with all the things that I had put in there. It has lots of pictures and visuals, which will make it really nice to look at and see. I even made a timeline of my search and reunion, as well as some of the other really big dates (like my sisters’ birthdays and my parents’ marriage). I put every photo they’ve sent me via email in the book, including the photo that I have of me and my first father (the only photo I have of myself with either one of my parents). I also scanned a note that my first mother sent me once and the birthday card I got from my first father, so I can see their handwriting. Those along with the first two letters from my first mother are the only things that my first parents ever physically gave me. I also included some information and a map of where I was born. I figured it’d be nice to have in there with the extra space (25 pages cost the same as 40 pages so I was going with the 40). And it’s all put together in a nice book that will get here at the end of the month.
True Believers, the effects of morality on unconventional warfare.
We just finished planting our 1st veggie garden.
Shopping over the computer
which never needed put on in the first place.
by Ruchi Ray, Intern, Leap Learning Systems
Sure enough, he was nursing the beginning of a black eye.
After weeks of craziness, things are beginning to slow down. Just in time for summer to come when we’ll have even more craziness. I haven’t done any major cleaning to my house since before OGE’s party. Which means I haven’t really cleaned up from his party. I got a ton done today around the house. It felt good to see things clean again. I wouldn’t consider myself a clean freak, but I like to have my baby crawling around on clean floors rather than dirty. I’m also a little anal. I’m okay with that.
Fjordman’s enthusiasm for the Internet may vanish when he realizes that the EU is about to take over control of the DNS (Domain Name System) from USA-based ICANN (Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers). A few years from now no European citizen will be able to read blogs like this one.
I'd take my eyes off my watch, and watch with my eyes.
I was honored to be asked to participate in the amazing Freedom's Sisters show from October 25, 2008, through January 4, 2009, at the Sacramento Public Library, located at 915 I Street. Part of the Smithsonian Traveling Show, and developed at the Cincinnati Museum, this show celebrates the great achievements of 20 African American Women, including Mary McLeod Bethune, Myrlie-Evers Williams, Sonia Sanchez, Charlayne-Hunter Gault, Dr. Dorothy Height and Kathleen Cleaver.
Cosmed was running a discount on DHC’s Eyelash Tonic, which I’m a huge fan of, so I stocked up! I also picked up the new Mentholatum Acnes Medicated BB Cream as I’m a big fan of their creamy white facial foam. The Vitacreme B12 is a backup of the one I bought from Japan earlier this year. I found it at a much cheaper price in Hong Kong so I really couldn’t resist. =)
* facebook friends who like to play Scrabble (let me know if you want to play!)
My previous post threw down the latex gauntlet announcing that, “My medical data should move with me as easily as my music or photo library…”, because, well, it sure doesn’t. And I blamed that problem partly on healthcare IT vendors’ current practice of requiring custom interfaces to be written for every application that wants to interoperate with them. How do other industries avoid this problem? Stay with me to learn the deep dark secret…
The following are some benefits of tea freshly brewed from fresh peppermint and spearmint leaves with honey.
Dan- I jammed with him for 2 nights and his enthusiasm for the hostel really shows in everything he does. I can’t wait for him to get working on some of the new ideas they have for the hostel!
I don't know if I will have the bottle to wear it to the Bruce Springsteen concert in June as I think it will look a bit naff.
Or else I want to tell them I light a candle and dress in layers of my grandmother’s petticoats, I lie back on a Persian carpet, slowly I let myself sink, down, down to the depths of hell, to endless acres of boredom and self-loathing and despair, mainlining coffee and plugged in to deafening dubstep… only then can I begin to write on precious strips of birch bark, in my own heart’s blood, naturally.
That can be a good or bad thing...
The man said, 'Build me a bridge to Hawaii, so I can drive over anytime I want to."
My favorite coffee moment was when I started to drink my coffee straight black. I had consumed coffee for a good bit of 4 years before that moment but always with a splash of milk & the occasional half a lump of sugar.
Evo minutes before she decided to nick
Now the objective is not to target any group or corporate houses (both are important entities for growth of country), but surely both the parties should benefit along with those whose food needs should be addressed by the govt. I know there is lot at stake, but from the pictures emerging is that the farmer, poor and middle class are the ones who have more at stake. One’s issue is identity, another’s existence and the latter one’s is food.
# Call a senior at work ‘Bastard’ while he is there at the same party.
Whatever you choose for us, whatever you desire
While it is good to biblically submit to Godly authorities, Bevere confuses it and delivers a burden-binding ‘gospel’ message. While his book seems to promote a lot of truth, there are concerns that should be bought to light on his false gospel of salvation-by-submission.
Consciousness is the most striking (and difficult) example of an emergent phenomenon.
I am a strong believer in the idea that all film criticism is at least somewhat personal in nature, however objective a tone a review might try to take. That is why I am unafraid to foreground the personal in some of my film reviews/blog posts—and that is why I think the title of my blog fits the content best.
According to the airline, “the Boeing 777 re-design will bring a fresh and contemporary new look to the fleet, consistent with that across the Virgin Australia domestic network.”
With St. Patrick's Day creeping up on the calendar, I could not wait to share a few rare ska and reggae songs that The Pogues are famous for playing as part of their varied live and recorded sets over the years.
Then walked right down those steps and handed it to Gabe, without a second thought.
The Poetry Business is now inviting entries for its 25th Book & Pamphlet Competition. Entrants are invited to submit a short collection of poems (20-24 pages), for the chance to win:
The program went on to explain, those who incur these unnecessary foreclosures may have a terrible credit rating for a while, but they get a much more affordable house. Yet, a relatively small percentage of people are defaulting for this reason. The reporter suggested that there is a social stigma of shame that overrides the financial considerations.
One big highlight of our holiday last week was a quick trip to the snow. The children have looked at snowy travel brochures, stories, weather reports and websites for a couple of years, so this was a much anticipated experience!
An imaginary case.
Brice has had guests all day long. All sexy guys who look like they live at the gym. Ironically, several of them actually came over and talked to me while I was at the pool, sticking their heads over the fence.
At least that’s what we’ve been conditioned to think, and I’m good with that.
“Somehow,” Trent replied, playing with the finger “that did in fact happen.” He laughed again and pocketed the finger again. He pointed at Geoff, still laughing. “It seems like you owe me a date”.
So now, let's actually talk about sexiness in Kpop videos, instead of inventing fictions, justifications, and fishy discourses that excuse ourselves from having to admit what the video, and these kpop bands' sculpted images, are really about.
Several houses away, an unmarked cruiser sat in a dark spot between two streetlights about eight houses apart. The man behind the wheel with the shaved head and Kevlar vest snug around his torso was reading about World War II but put the book down when he saw the snow. He watched as scattered flakes hit the windshield and slid down to rest on the wipers before they were blown away by the increasing wind. He returned to his book for a second and then back to the snow with a squint, leaning forward for a closer look at the whitish spots on the other side of the glass.
branches represent your body. If you are like a tree planted by rivers
It is with this post that I am inaugurating the blog’s category New Food for Privacy Thoughts. Because it really makes me think about the scope of privacy protection legislation when reading such news:
So, I did what any organized obsessed gal would do. I drew a diagram of how I wanted the inside of our fridge to function! And then I decided to make it pretty by giving you a diagram I whipped up on the computer....
14:21 left in the 2nd Quarter. And the Bruins are on the board. After getting an old fashioned mashin in the first quarter, UCLA brings the pain offensively and blasts out with some huge passes to get the touchdown. UCLA 7, UH 10.
Don't be afraid to use the weather to add contrast. Unusual pairings, especially when drawing attention to the Character's emotions, is a powerful trigger for tension. Consider how the bleak mood of a character is even more noticeable as morning sunlight dances across the crystals of fresh snow on the walk to work. Or how the feeling of betrayal is so much more poignant on a hot summer day. Likewise, success or joy can be hampered by a cutting wind or drizzling sleet, foreshadowing conflict to come.
Jill Morganelli, Horticultural Supervisor at the Arboretum, will present her best fruit tree and shrub selections for Southern California backyards. These must-have proven performers are well suited to urban environments and will provide loads of delicious fruit. Jill will share her criteria for making good choices when shopping for plants and share some basic growing tips. She will also highlight selections from our new Garden for all Seasons. Get the inside ‘picks’ for a bountiful harvest of fresh fruit from your yard to the kitchen table. Jill teaches many classes at the Arboretum, including Organic Fruit & Vegetable Gardening, a very popular ongoing seasonal series. www.arboretum.org
Winston-Salem, NC 27106
Blowin' through the jasmine in my mind
Infinite time. I want to do justice to so many things which I am currently doing now and which i
Nos hears it from me constantly !!!!
Anyways I am going to be out in Cali. soon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Oh yeeeah so excited! KAy well I gotz to go! Byes!
(Tilda goes to dinner.)
Now for the recipe . . . Enjoy!
Heat oven to 350F. Spray a 12-cup muffin tin with nonstick cooking spray, or use paper liners; set aside. In large bowl, whisk together flour, oats, chocolate chips, baking powder, baking soda and salt. In medium bowl, whisk together yogurt, honey, oil, egg and vanilla.
Ok, so I have a huge crush on Dave Grohl, so I may be a biased on this one, but this song rocks. Literally. It chases away all the demons, the judgments, all the bad thoughts and the bad words. I spin like crazy to this song, and in the end, I feel like all the people, places, and things who are getting the best of me are pushed away to make room for the good. The good people, the good thoughts, and the good parts of me.
I've also baked some oaty cherry/raisin cookies, shortbread, and a biscuity, chocolate concoction that is soooo sweet I've had to cut it into tiny chunks before I overdose with sweetness (the sugar variety, naturally....).
A couple of things.
It sat in my junk room serving absolutely no purpose for about a year until the arrival of Charlotte saw my junk room (which was the temporary home for many of my 'just because' items) become sole real estate for one beautiful bouncing bambino.
totally different way of looking at it!"
This past month I participated in a blogger pen pal program. You can read about it here. Pretty much it’s a fun little exchange of food gifts that helps bloggers connect with each other.
I will be very up front and admit that I have very little tolerance for that variety of soft-minded new age pabulum where misguided wannabe-sages and errant advice-givers like Wayne Dyer and Paulo Coehlo are trying to convince people to give up guilt and anger.
And then, the question is: what to do with them? I went for caramel popcorn with the former (pour over freshly popped corn, stir or shake, then enjoy… wash hands after eating and before knitting), then good old-fashioned eating with a spoon, then included a caramel layer in a batch of brownies in order to stop myself from eating the whole pot. The butterscotch would have gone brilliantly with ice-cream, but alas that was not to be and so I substituted some fromage blanc (though I’m unfamiliar with UK yoghurt products, I think that would be equivalent to Greek yoghurt, perhaps)… and then returned with my spoon for the rest.
YES concerts have always been very special events, and this winter’s “In the Present” tour, hitting a total of 30 cities in November and December, will be no different, as Steve Howe, Chris Squire and Alan White play selections from hit albums like Fragile, Close to the Edge, Tales from Topographic Oceans and 90125 along with audience favorites like “Roundabout,” “Owner of a Lonely Heart” and “I’ve Seen All Good People,” some of the enduring classics that have made YES the most influential and groundbreaking progressive group in rock & roll.
Things have picked up b/c I have an appointment to pick up a ready-made kegerator (7 cubic feet) on Tuesday. I will use this one to drink the IPA I brewed (that has been sitting in the keg forever). Once my bigger kegerator is constructed, I will use this smaller one to ferment, maybe lager, and to bring out to the football tailgates. Negros won't know WHAT to do when we have a live ass kegerator at the Univ of Houston and Houston Texans tailgates, as opposed to a keg sitting in an ice bucket with an air pump, or just drinking beer out of bottles like heathens. Speaking of which, if anyone has any recommendations for tailgating beers, please send them along. One more day. Holla.
Yes, I didn't include contact info in my profile because I figured if people had something to say, they could say it in the Comments Section.
11. My mother taught me: WEATHER.
This is the first official article of the new kid on the blog in Sarawak, the Hornbill Unleashed. I really want to say something about the termite, but something else appropriate seems to be in order for this opening ceremony.
I hope this post will be helpful!
My husband called her over to where he was sitting on the couch and settled her on his lap.
The left channel on the cassettes is generally weaker than the right and I addressed this using the Saffire's analogue pre-amps. "Unreal" shouts a guy near the taper, clearly moved by the conclusion to Comfortably Numb. Listening to this you can really appreciate what he meant.
CTD chap 1
T – is for Toxic Relationships. An important key to managing your time is to manage who you spend time with and who gets to spend time with you. The people you are around have a dramatic effect on your attitude, energy, disposition, and motivation. You want positive, supportive and motivating people around you. If you’re spending time with people who don’t fit this description (Toxic), you need to kick them to the curb.
"Anew"
My initial thought was that it seemed kind of cheesy. And dare I say, amateurish? That seems harsh coming from someone who has absolutely no skill in writing. Grammar Goddess I am not. You could get your big, red marker out and go crazy on just about any post I've ever published here. There is much I could probably learn from many of you ... not only about good writing, but what makes a good reader too.
She came with my youngest sister who is dating a guy about an hour and a half from here. She came to HELP ME PAINT MY MASTER BEDROOM! :) Stay tuned for updates - it's happening now, y'all!
And now to Introduce one of our newest artists, you may recognize her work as she was our guest designer at Stampotique in October of last year.
Cockney : "Allew, eez everbody ear?"
Clench played on 1978's Street Action and 1979's Rock N' Roll Nights with BTO before the group disbanded.
People say that in mixed marriages, one ideology usually dominates. One person in the relationship usually converts, either for personal reasons, outside pressure or convenience. As for me, I am going to change my subhead to “Can a vegetarian Jewish guy and a pescatarean desi girl live happily together?”
Then God said, “I give you every seed-bearing plant on the face of the whole earth and every tree that has fruit with seed in it. They will be yours for food. And to all the beasts of the earth and all the birds in the sky and all the creatures that move along the ground—everything that has the breath of life in it—I give every green plant for food.” And it was so.
It is hard to tell this story in a linear way, because it just didn't seem to happen that way. There were good times and it wasn't all 911 drama and emergencies. We went home happy and excited. We played with Julia and took a million pictures. We introduced her to the puppy, as we had worrisomely planned for months, which went fine, of course. Julia slept mostly and was very content. We showed her each of the rooms of the house. I was exhausted but thrilled, of course.
We then recalled some of the horrors that the novel exposes, such as the fact that after the slaves are caught trying to escape, those considered of little use are beheaded and dismembered and their headless limbless torsos hung from trees, and the fact that the slave owner thinks of them as farm animals and talks of the 'breeding one' and her 'foal'. Ann told us the horrifying fact she had learnt from the podcast that the abolitionists had tried to get the real-life Mary Garner tried for murder, because if she were capable of murder then she would have to be acknowledged to be human.
In my own regiment, the Royal Irish, this feeling of clan identity is important: men would rather die than be thought of as shirkers. When one of my soldiers expressed doubt about crossing the border into Iraq in March 2003, I agreed it might be better for him to remain behind. I had already said that I wanted no man by my side who did not want to be there. With Sir Colin Campbell’s threat at Sevastopol to “post the name of any man that ran on the door of his kirk” in mind, I warned the men that it would be on their mothers queuing at the Co-op that the real shame would fall. It was the soldier’s brother and his friends in the battalion who insisted that he go, to protect the regiment and the family’s honour; one and the same. And so he went.
…The various people who appeared at crucial moments, like Rahim Pendamai who had given a talk at Gambang during my very early days there, which encouraged and gave me hope that “Perhaps, there might be some future for me…” — ArahMan7: can we dismiss as `coincidence’ that I should find his blog on the very same day I started mine; and whose own often similar accounts and experiences have heartened and encouraged me as Rahim Pendamai did? … Rocky Bru: whose post about this blog during its infancy, besides encouraging me further, had also resulted in me getting to know many of the readers here.
Michelle Yeoh is no stranger to many Ipohans. Since young, I have considered her as my role model because she is from Ballet background. From a small-town girl who aspired to be a Ballerina, then turned beauty queen and mega-super star on the screen. She is somebody I look up to and hope to be like her in future. It was from her, my idol, I started to dream to be a beauty queen one day.
I have a dog
Q The ROM has said for years that there’s no money in the budget to reduce admission fees. Where did the money come from to do this?
Thank you for stopping by again, and happy crafting!
But, what do I know -- it's taken me 30 years just to get three short stories independently published ;)
Loss has always been a part of my life – my mother died when I was a tiny girl. But I’ve been fortunate that, since then, there have been no major, unexpected deaths in my family. Till now.
Gagged by the turn of the Four Knot's mood, Rel missed the chance to snap the obvious retort - so were you, just a moment ago - and set his jaw. He wasn't about to apologise for her worry, however sincere it was. She had been teasing, after all, every bit as intensely as Pevan could when the fancy took her.
1/3 c. extra virgin olive oil
Over the past two days, I have re-upped all links from October- November of 2006.
I had been wanted to read this book for some time. I ended up getting it to listen to on audiobook at one of Audible's book sales. It was an okay book, while there wasn't anything technically wrong with the story I had a lot of trouble engaging with the story or the characters.
I reattempt a recipe that I had done many years ago, a hot favourite with my family.
Each person left that church more committed than ever to bring the killing to an end.
May 6 – Memphis, TN – The Hi-Tone w/ Lucero, Dirty Streets
5.Which of your shows was the most memorable for you? Which was the
I have seen sooo so many fab ideas on Pinterest and Etsy and one i thought was a fab idea was Decorated Pegs! Who wants boring old wooden pegs when you can have funky ones and it's a great way of using the fabulous Washi Tape! I have quite a few designs now so it's good to put them to use!
I'm adding these two treats to the list for the next time the rangpur lime fairy strikes:
through pain
I think it's a good idea to review and rethink what we do every so often. Without noticing, we slip back into old ways and bad habits. Having our own review keeps us on our toes. Hanno and I are concentrating on four key areas at the moment - the 50 percent meat reduction, which is going really well, getting the entire vegetable garden planted and productive, decluttering and reorganising our bedrooms, and our food expenditure. I'm pretty sure some of you will need to check these areas too, so all this week, I'm going to write about those four things and hope you follow along with your own review and adjustments.
On April28, 2012, Ipoh , together with 50 over cities around the world has also joined in the Bersih 3.0 global movement to call for a clean and fair elections in the country. It was a peaceful gathering here, there were no untowards incidents, minimal police presence, people were in good spirits and it was all a very friendly atmosphere. When i arrived at the field, i could hear people chanting " Bersih! Bersih!, looking at the crowd, i think it was probably 2000 of them and maybe more, people from different races, young and old, mostly wearing yellow. I'm glad that this year the rally is also being held in this small town here, enabling people for certain reasons that couldnt make it to KL, to show our support to Bersih by making our presence here. There were a few speeches made followed by singing the national anthem, 'Negaraku', everybody stood up and boy, i felt i was getting a little emotional and actually getting goosebumps on my hand. But it was a good feeling.
When Don Draper said 'Make mine an Old Fashioned' in series one of Mad Men, I thought, yes, to hell with your Roger Stirling martinis, bourbon is infinitely more devil-may-care and a lot more palatable than neat vodka with a hint of vermouth.
I first heard the song while checking out a band I'm going to see with a friend tomorrow night. I was unfamiliar with the band, so I googled them. I was immediately blown away with how hauntingly beautiful their music was, and then I heard the song Wanderer. I became giddy with excitement to hear a song that summed up my character so well. I wanted to share my excitement with someone, and I figured you all would appreciate the feeling of hearing a song that reminds you of your story.
WHAT? I'm sorry dear readers, but this lady who looks like Jane Curtain keeps interrupting me.
7.Pale Dream - 02:35
To all of you in the blog world,
He nodded. "Yeah, Siri, she's a sassy one. Let me see the phone."
The redhead turned and looked at my friend up and down slowly. Then she said, "She can come, too."
As soon as we let to the airport, Igor went to shower. And he calls himself an outdoorsman? Anyway, Girish in the mean time used the satellite phone to call his wife (which the company didn’t charge for some reason). But the party was over before they knew it. The Bettles Air guys told us that they can fly us to the van (Grayling lake) right away since the weather is good, which they did. The advanced group flew from Bettles to the van and the rest went straight to the van. I did, however, managed to visit the Ranger Station and pick up their fancy bandana. Well, the bandana was just unique – it’s is bright orange to be visible from a bush plane and it has some information on backpacking. It is just unique. Other parks don’t have it.
More than 20 years later I look back on that summer and know that when I visit a new place, I’m able to experience it more fully, without the homesick haze. A few years ago I was in Mallorca for a writing retreat, and though at times I really missed my family, I was more than able to find ways to comfort myself so that I could enjoy the experience without the flashes of panic I felt that summer in Belgium. What’s ironic, of course, is that it’s only because I took that first trip to Europe at 18 — barely self-aware, thrilled and terrified — that I can be all kinds of grown up now.
These are not men who give a rat's ass what Najib is willing or unwilling to do, or what he is strong enough or not strong enough to do. These are men who will effortlessly pull the strings of a prime minister that was weak to begin with, to ensure their own survival.
Not to mention all of the regular stuff we have going on. Tannah is back to piano and Willow to ballet in the next couple of weeks. Home ed groups and birthday parties for friends and family. And no house move in complete without a trip to Ikea.
This group has two goals. The first is to bring attention and public awareness to the situation which exists with respect to this loss of an Indigenous language. The second is to hopefully stimulate some action towards doing whatever we can to preserve what there is before it actually is an extinct language with no living speakers.
I should be the one in the stands watching them.
It was a belted kingfisher. He is a maniacal-looking bird. He’s got a white ring around his neck that makes it look like he had been leashed, but escaped. His blue-gray feathers stick straight up out of his head like he stuck his foot in an electrical outlet. He has large wild eyes and a fishing technique that would do the Three Stooges proud. Essentially, he jumps up, flaps his wings, then flings himself at the water. He doesn’t so much dive as plows in a full body flop, through the surface of the pond. He’s effective – he always comes up with a fish – but he gets failing grades for aesthetics.
This time of year is special to me because it represents new life in Christ for me and for others and all the newness of a day or a year, an idea and new life changes. There is so much hope associated with Spring!
You see, lately I've been feeling a little overwhelmed, over taxed, and over scheduled. I need to get off the gerbil wheel, and make sure that I take some time to stop and really LIVE.
So tonight's episode of Fashion Police is this:
Why do Americans hate our coca leaf?
MAC Pro Lash Mascara ($27.99)
tobacco and shampoo
Like the true chamaeleonidae he seems to be he went on to say that he hoped the religious lobby would not fall out with him over the sanctioning of gay marriage - clearly Mr Cameron isn't saying that we need all the values in the bible, just the ones he agrees with at the moment; one wonders how Mr Cameron decides which values to adopt and which to ignore, perhaps he has access to a morality the rest of us don't, in fact I'm sure of it.
The bigger questions are often structural, especially whether to remove chunks that don’t work. Does the plot work? Is there enough pace in the narrative? Is the main character interesting enough?
I was blessed by a colleague who called me the other day. She was calling to talk about something related to work and before we launched into all of that, I wanted to ask her how she was doing. She said that she was feeling tired and that the feeling wasn’t coming from being overworked but from something else. She felt that she wasn’t showing up fully – in the ways that made her feel good about herself and her work product. Wow! This is exactly how I have been feeling.
I'm a fat kid because I love to eat (particularly candy). Why don't I ever post about my grotesque love affair with food? Here's another fat kid snack idea!
The whole evening with the heavy rain falling and strong winding to make me in a good mood to have a nap. I was waiting a dinner with Michelle, but she has invited me to have dinner with two of her coursemates. Of course, I had agreed with that. This was a good start for her to let me mingle around with her friends. Stay active now rather than radioactive tomorrow. So we need to stay active and become more proactive and initiative in dealing with interpersonal skills, it does help, believe in me. As time goes by, of course the wisdom and conscience in oneself can grow much better. Keep improving yourself and challenging yourself to move a step higher and higher.
You may be wondering right now if GOD will accept you. The answer is yes. "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved" Romans 10:13. Whosoever which means it doesn't matter weather your boy or girl or short or tall or what you look like or how much or how little money you have or if your disabled or not. http://www.google.com/imgres?hl=en&gbv=2&biw=1022&bih=571&tbm=isch&tbnid=VtRGuwc6S5hdzM:&imgrefurl=http://jackwoodard.wordpress.com/2011/04/22/to-go-to-heaven-you-must-be-born-again/&docid=IHaiPggTuvMxqM&imgurl=http://jackwoodard.files.wordpress.com/2011/04/jesus-christ-pics-1112.jpg&w=640&h=452&ei=hgp-T4-BJ8riiALyvdWeDg&zoom=1&iact=hc&vpx=85&vpy=214&dur=375&hovh=189&hovw=267&tx=115&ty=118&sig=116399563033025264842&page=4&tbnh=114&tbnw=161&start=63&ndsp=22&ved=1t:429,r:12,s:63,i:301
So what movie am I talking about that has to do with this and Lolita? A little princess, which tells us to be good to others and believe in our dreams and selves? Kamikaze girls ( which I admit I've never watched, eep! ) or some other feel good happy G rated movie made for a younger audience? WRONG!
For the last three weeks or so, I went to the dr. each week and when she would check my cervix, I was not appearing to be dilating at all. Finally at 39 weeks, we talked about some things we could do to "ripen" my cervix to see if we could get me going. So, 2 weeks ago, I went to the hospital to have some gels inserted to ripen my cervix (yes, it's just as fun and comfortable as it sounds!!!) Went back to Dr. on Friday and still nothing.. we made a plan to have me go in on Wednesday, 7/13, evening, have Cervidil (another ripening albeit more strong gel) inserted and then the following morning, we'd check me and if I had made progress, we'd induce and if not, we'd go for a c-section. Honestly, was totally fine with that option. I went again on Tuesday morning to check things out and still nothing at all. So, I asked, "why would we even do cervidil if nothing else has worked, why wouldn't we just go ahead with a c-section".. she said it was my choice so I opted for a c-section, scheduled for Thursday, the 14th at 1:30...WELL, things did not go as planned b/c the next day, after we dropped my dad off for his dialysis (yes, my parents arrived almost a week early and just had to hang out and wait with me!! ) we headed to Target. In the car, I felt as if I might be peeing on myself and was like "you have got to be kidding me!!". So we got to Target, and I went to the bathroom, realized that I was not peeing, but my water had broken and came out to tell my mom. I called Tim to come get me while my mom finished up what she needed to do and then go get my dad. WE arrived at the hospital and determined that since I had just eaten (In N Out burger!!), I had to wait for 8 hours until we could go into surgery... so, that's what we did. Just wait and wait and wait!!! I was surprisingly calm until they came in to prep me and tell me what was going to go down.. then the nerves kicked in. I was wheeled into the operating room around 9ish and at 9:29, Mac came right out!!! Tim was very emotional, and I was just relieved!! Everyone kept saying how cute he was so I was anxious to see him!! When Tim brought him over to me, I just melted. It really is a miracle that he's here! If you know my story, we never thought this would ever happen for us and everything just went text book and perfect and now we have the most beautiful addition to our family.
“It accumulates more in bones,” continued Buesseler. “It replaces calcium in your bones or in fish bone. And in fish, in particular, there is a concern of this accumulation. And if you were to eat small fish, as is done commonly more in Japan, then you would accumulate strontium-90 that would then affect your dose through the accumulation in your bone.”
And it looks like this, there are so many variations on this idea, with as many scrapbook paper designs out there, you can match this to any decor! I think I have made one for everyone in my family ;)
1/4 tsp Amchur (I used lemon juice)
My eye was later caught by this wonderful Victorian warehouse dating from 1893. On the rear, it still has one of the hoists in place and loading bay doors will fold-down platforms. (See picture on the right). Today it serves as a not-for-profit art exhibition gallery.
“There stands a beautiful hall near the fountain beneath the ash. Out of it come three maids, whose names are Urd, Verdande and Skuld. These maids shape the lives of men, and we call them norns. There are yet more norns, namely those who come to every man when he is born, to shape his life, and these are known to be of the race of gods; others, on the other hand, are of the race of elves, and yet others are of the race of
1 looping
medium mango. Picture #3: I made Lime Jell-o, Raspberry Jell-o
Is it me? I sometimes don't quite follow the Author, Author pieces in Saturday's Guardian Review, those articles in which authors talk about their own take on the writing process. Maybe it's something to do with the essentially idiosyncratic nature of the writing process for each writer: either those authors are talking to themselves in their own private language, using their own private short-cut associations, or I'm so caught up in my own that I can't always relate to the whole of their arguments. On Saturday Adam Thirwell wrote about the difficulty of representing thoughts and psychology truthfully in novels, but if you can sort out the difference between the description in the first paragraph here and the intimate third person, or between the two modes in the two separate paragraphs, then you're brighter (or more patient, or less hung up on your own writing obsessions) than I:In an essay, I once wrote about how Franz Kafka invented a strange style in his novels about this man he called K: where, although it looks like a third-person narrative, it is in fact a disguised first-person narrative, belonging to K. And suddenly I thought that I understood more precisely why Kafka wanted to do this. It was a way of inventing a subterfuge, so that he could be true to the cloudiness of thoughts. In a diary entry, on January 12 1911, Kafka noted how he hadn't been writing much, partly because he was lazy, true, but also "because of the fear of betraying my self-perception". Because, he continued, if a thought cannot be written down "with the greatest completeness, with the incidental consequences, as well as with entire truthfulness" - which it couldn't - then what was written down would replace the vague thought "in such a way that the real feeling will disappear while the worthlessness of what has been noted down will be recognised too late". This is why Kafka needed to write in the third person, while really describing the personal contours of a character's thoughts: it was a way of outwitting the imprecise solidity of language.
Now I could have let him just go on and take her home, especially since she wanted him to, but if I did, I'd be just as culpable for whatever happened to her later as him, and that just wasn't going to happen. At that point, I don't care what a drunk girl tells me she wants. My job is to protect and serve, emphasis here on "protect" and sometimes that means intervening and making the right decisions for people who can't make them for themselves. If Stacy still wants a date tomorrow when she's sober, she can always go back to the bar and ask around for "Dillon". Hopefully by then, he'll have gotten his car detailed and bought a few pine tree air fresheners for it. But until she's competent to make that call, my job is to make sure that no one else makes it for her. THAT is what being the police is all about.
3. Brophy: 24-21 vs. Westview
Hindon traveled inland to the Transvaal Republic where he became a stonemason and later a police officer. He assisted the Boers against Leander Starr Jameson who, under orders from Cecil John Rhodes, tried to take the Transvaal Republic and its gold deposits by force. Hindon was rewarded for his loyalty to the Boer government with citizenship.
1 kg (2.2 lbs) potatoes peeled and cut into bite-sized chunks
White is for a precious life,
I really hope that the sarcasm in my voice is coming through.
I hope you are enjoying the bank holiday.
Color up some of your favorite images. I got mine from Saturated Canary's Digi Shop (link is above.)
No news on the Interleukin-2 injections yet. I dropped an email on Dr. G asking for an update because I have one lump that could use some attention. Since Dr. Ohashi (first mentioned in a posting a few weeks back) is interested in acquiring some “fresh” tumour tissue I could get Dr. M to dispatch the lump to her when I see him next week. One way or another I’d like to get the thing dealt with, although it doesn’t bother me as much as it used to and there is only the one.
No, the athletes aren't on the field running patterns and plays. But they do get in incredible shape! Running backs, wide receivers, and defensive backs that sprint, hurdle, long or triple jump sharpen their speed and quickness - invaluable in the sport of football. Even linemen that throw the shot, discus or hammer are able to work on their explosion and footwork - ask Olympic shot put silver medalist Michael Carter, a three time pro bowl nose tackle for the 49ers!
It looked pretty, and the archetypal story worked as well as it needed to.
The reason I have it is because I managed to win a prize of 4 assorted beers from a raffle draw on the recent Nagano Trading December to Remember beer party.
And what better way to celebrate than with a giveaway! With not one but two signed copies up for grabs, and it's open to anyone no matter where in the world you may be!
Abraham Morewski The Dybbuk
Next stop was to the new foodcourt floor called the Sydney Room to show my friend the dessert bar. The ice cream cases have apparently been imported from Italy and they were designed by Ferrari! Well, that's what I heard some blokes saying as they ordered their $5 scoops of ice cream. I couldn't resist so shared a scoop of honeycomb fig with Neddy. Divine!
We were all in agreement on this.
These will be finished off with a Starbucks gift card.
Also fold in the eyebrows. Again, I forgot to take a picture. So your Goomba's eyebrows should NOT be sticking out like mine are in the photo above. Bend the eyebrows inward so that they aren't hanging off the edge. You'll reshape them later.
It gives the Imam a chance to advise all Muslims at the same time on urgent matters that face them. The Imam’s sermon gives them guidance in Islamic teachings. Friday Prayer is an obligatory Prayer for every adult male Muslim. However, those who are sick, blind or disabled, those on a journey, and women, are exempt from the obligation of attending the Prayer at the mosque. They can join in the Prayer if they so wish, but if they cannot attend the Friday Prayer, they have to offer Dhuhr (noon) prayer instead, as the Friday Prayer is offered in place of Dhuhr (noon) prayer.
Julie Cadieux
Because of all the parasites in the water back then it was safer to squeeze grapes for drinks but that is called 'new wine' and do you know what new wine is? Grape juice.
While this is a limited edition, it is still available directly from Nubar (here) for $8. I've also spotted it being sold by other polish e-tailers so it shouldn't be too hard to track down. Do you have this polish? Which Nubar shade is your fave?
we simply love our little squish!
I am on sites, as I said before, to build up a portfolio, and some have served me well. I USE them to expand and broaden my social media profile (wow, another MUST today!!!), next thing you know, I'll be doing nothing else... no more photography lol.
In other words he opened by cracking us open a little. Readying us for his talk with a necessary, not unkindly bit of trepanning. Or as Emily Dickinson would have it, with a kind of poem. ("If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off," she wrote, "I know that is poetry.")
Nada performs with Matt Nordstrom as the duo Nadastrom, serving as the leading ambassadors for Moombahton. In just a few short years, Nadastrom now performs at the biggest festivals in dance music, further spreading the genre they created.
Mon-Thurs. 9 to 11 am,
‘We spent the whole weekend there. We had great weather. We went on the boat. We made lobster. We met your neighbors and had cocktails. You loved my Bloody Marys. It was one of the best weekends all year.’
And now this is a post about potty training but we really aren't potty training yet... Wow I'm confusing, huh?
Having only been familiar (albeit briefly) with the late-sixties series which really wowed the "children" at school but turned my mother off faster'n the tee-vee pilot for THE BOYS IN THE BAND, I pretty much went into this cold. And not having seen any of the BLONDIE features from the thirties and forties I had no idea what to expect from perennial Dagwood actor Arthur Lake*, who by this time was starting to gain a middle-aged paunch perhaps due to all of those stacked sandwiches he was downing! But the guy does a really good job at bringing the famed comic strip character to the screen (both visually and with that crack-y voice that fits perfectly!) even if you can tell age is catching up with the by-now 52-year-old actor. While I'm at it Pamela Britton as Blondie's pretty hotcha herself even if those fifties dresses kinda hide the attributes every red-blooded boy was looking for. Maybe there's a revealing swimsuit episode we can look forward to out there, but otherwise it's all guess as far as juggin configuration goes just like ya hadda do with Mary Tyler Moore, and that ain't fun!
In fighting I did hurt those dearest to me
HP = 2 p S T / 33,000, were S is the motor speed in RPM and T is the torque in lb-ft.
Now, give me some love and have a beautiful idiot free weekend.
Will you be working in the shop? Can you cut meat?
We have sat and wept
Decluttering Lite TM = you take some stuff and shove it in the garage. Et voila!
*May or may not be edited for G rating
What do you think about Ron Paul’s campaign so far?
Enjoy the photos, but don't try to make sense of them. You'll get a migraine. There is also a poem at the end inspired by Twas the Night Before Christmas. It's a must read.
10) I don't particularly care for chocolate and never crave it.
Felicia
So, Sweet Dodo, Sweet DO-DO, or Sweet DOO-DOO, the pronunciation is all up to you. The qualifications, however, are up to me. They are:
I didn't even think about the fact that I was leaving home. I didn't hesitate, and I didn't look back.
Now add the chicken stock and stir till thickened.
That was our problem tonight, so turning to the fridge we had some Pancetta. Pasta is always a store cupboard staple. So together with other things I had to hand, onion, garlic and frozen peas we had:
we read it — “Having loved His own.” Oh, it is because we are Thine own,
awaiting to be discovered
I love your sweetness,
Baked Goods
So, from here on out, between the storms and the sickness, not a lot was accomplished on the wrap. I figured I would come home and share this dreadful story, along with the first picture of my knitting on the plane. the post was then to be called "All I Have", in which I would explain that I only have one lousy picture for you.
Are you afraid of your partner?
When you see a thief, you make him your friend, *
Friends, family + cuntry women, due to the current state of affairs as best as i understand them, which is A very fukingg little, concerning this internet mediA downloading propaganda.
“Your Lordship will be familiar with the ancient case of Pot versus Kettle” One of the defendant barristers speaking in court in London today, claiming that Paddy McKillen has acted in no better a manner than the Barclay brothers or Derek Quinlan in dealings related to the Maybourne group of hotels
I plan to try the Southwest Dinner Sauce at our next Turkey Taco Salad night.
Anyways, I want you all to check out this video I posted below. I recently shared that I saw the movie “Think Like A Man.” I only talked about the fashion aspect, but I did have my opinion of the movie! My pastor made a video for women titled: “Think Like a CHRISTIAN Man!” I think you’ll enjoy it! Check it out!
“Our view is, and always has been, that as one door closes another opens. Some of the most successful writers were once in the exactly same position as you are in now so there is always hope for new writers. Please view our submission guidelines page on how to submit and which genres are most commonly accepted to our editors.”
Regionals is being held in Romeoville, Illinois on June 23 – 27.
I am borderline obsessive compulsive. And by borderline, I mean I'm obsessive compulsive. I like everything to have its place. Organizing is my favorite hobby. Nothing calms my nerves like situating everything juuuust right.
I looked at the top five rated American Strong Ales on Beer Advocate and their ABV:
Me: "What does your dentist say?"
The representatives of the French people, organized as a National Assembly, believing that the ignorance, neglect, or contempt of the rights of man are the sole cause of public calamities and of the corruption of governments, have determined to set forth in a solemn declaration the natural, unalienable, and sacred rights of man, in order that this declaration, being constantly before all the members of the Social body, shall remind them continually of their rights and duties; in order that the acts of the legislative power, as well as those of the executive power, may be compared at any moment with the objects and purposes of all political institutions and may thus be more respected, and, lastly, in order that the grievances of the citizens, based hereafter upon simple and incontestable principles, shall tend to the maintenance of the constitution and redound to the happiness of all.
financial markets every day! The Chosen Masters cut you in on the
Today Jon was out of the office most of the day so I was essentially alone. My mom did stop in for awhile. We had lunch together. I broke down a few times throughout the day today. Sometimes from something that was said, sometimes just because.
Firstly take your corn off the cob by running a knife down the edge of the cob, under the kernels. The corn will shoot around a bit but persevere. Chop your zucchini in half down the middle then into half again. Slice each quarter so you are left with small chunks. Put a splash of oil into a non stick frying pan and place over medium heat.
including Halloween of course.
Why the little things make us and how long it takes us
Makeup very much so probably a no go)
Most of the time, I would be in line with what is considered right wing--except that I think government ought not be involved pro or con in matters like abortion, marriage, or internal affairs of other lunatic states in the world.
This trend toward greater integration of the media into the market system has been accelerated by the loosening of rules limiting media concentration, cross-ownership, and control by non-media companies. There has also been an abandonment of restrictions-previously quite feeble anyway-on radio-TV commercials, entertainment mayhem programming, and “fairness doctrine” threats, opening the door to the unrestrained commercial use of the airwaves.
28 October
I actually found this tutorial a couple weeks ago. I just love the look of this felt flower. The details are great and the fading pinks and ivory (just like a real peony) are so good. This tutorial is definitely a keeper.
“My doctor says I’m in superb health for 96 years old. Most people don’t live to 96, did you know that? You couldn’t imagine how much the world has changed. Even movies. Do you go to the movies?” she asked.
I added 7 lbs. of the sour pie cherries, plus 2 lbs. of sweet dark cherries with pits, to my already almost 2 year old flanders red. It really seems to have improved over the last 6 months, about the time that I added AlB's bugs to the keg and topped it off with some Belgian Dark Strong, and a bit of our latest batch of Flanders. The beer itself tastes good but it could actually be a little maltier. It may turn out less of a flanders and more of a generic sour kriek cherry-bomb, which I can't really say I would be sad about. I also added a bit of French oak to the secondary, and maybe this will all get bottled in 2-3 months time.
“I’ll admit it. Earth quakes are kind of scary. :s”
We needed to remember that today. Anyone else?
So the next time you find yourself sparring with a liberal bomb thrower, unsheathe the sword of truth. Go forth and conquer.
"We wanted to fill them with change and shake them," said Smorgen, "but change has started to become scarce again and we don't know if we have enough. So we will fill them with dried pasta instead. We will also bang on them with wooden spoons."
That about sums up our week. Those of you just now entering spring break, enjoy!
It's a fun site to play with. You can type in a place-name on their map and it will show photos that were taken in that location. There's also a timeline, so you can choose which era of photos you want to look at.
I am child-free by choice, but that doesn't mean I am not grateful for my childhood. In the grand scheme of things, I probably had a fairly 'normal' upbringing - loving parents and siblings, good relationships with friends and extended family. Pets...there were a few. We had cats, guppies and a rabbit called 'Pookie'...And of course, the benefit of a good education and a safe environment in which to live. Sadly, that is not the case for many children across the world who face poverty, neglect and abuse.
I'll be honest, I've had an extremely hard month. I'm planning to move out of Richmond towards the end of July, and I feel myself getting so anxious to leave that I sit and try to think of ways to get out of my lease sooner so that I can just get away from this environment that is causing me so much pain. I want to escape and never look back.
-You wouldn't have gone so fast that I didn't have time to sit by you the ENTIRE 3 mins because I was frantically calling the hospice nurse, thank GOD Megan and Courtney were by your side as I was busy on the phone.
It’s your choice. And that’s the beauty of it.
What about you? Who keeps you going?
In December, I saw that a St Vincent de Paul was moving into the old World Market location in Western Hills. I’ve shed many a bitter tear that World Market has left Cincinnati, but if the trade off was an enormous thrift store, then I’m over it. I couldn’t wait for its opening this month.
up all over the place and an industry comprised of mostly independent businesses is staring a recession in the face, raising a middle finger and shouting FUCK YOU! This isn’t because of one single brewery, beer or bar, this renaissance is down to us, the drinker, the end user. We’ve been buying these beers and shouting our love for them all over town, we are responsible for this and we should be proud of ourselves. The UK beer scene is only going to get bigger, ale of all kinds is going to continue to take market share away from other beverages and more breweries, bars, bottle shops and brewpubs are going to continue springing up all over the place. Hell, if I had the cash and
“…and at the table next to her was a little boy in a soccer uniform sitting with his mother who told him, The plural of elf is elves. A wave of happiness came over me. It felt giddy to be part of it all. To be drinking a cup of coffee like a normal person. I wanted to shout out: The plural of elf is elves! What a language! What a world!“
What I liked: Everything! The storyline. The characters. The motivation. The whole package…
I only ever encountered that a couple of other times. Once was with Matthew Kelly and the other was with the late Frank Carson, who also sadly died this week.
Egg, 1pc (optional)
I’m starting to feel old and, worse, see the traditional effects of old age start to work on me. I feel like a chalk cliff who knows that the waves pounding at its base aren’t going to go anywhere and are going to stay there for the long haul and keep grinding away until all that is left of me is a little tiny nub that not even my totally utilitarian Maths teacher would use to write out a quadratic equation.
Community Board 18 will present the NEW PLANS for the Four Sparrow Marsh area -
So now I have THE bike, I need to get practicing on it now and await the big day to arrive. (86 days to go, not that I’m counting!)
10 Year Government Bond Yield likely to move in the range of 8.54/70 and if on the closing basis the Yield closes above 8.65 levels for the two trading sessions than it may spike to 8.77 levels.
ANIMATION: A
“Suddenly a great company of the heavenly host appeared with the angel, praising God and saying,
Scars on Broadway, the collaboration between guitarist/vocalist Daron Malakian and drummer John Dolmayan, will make its network television debut on Tuesday, October 14 with an appearance on ABC-TV's "Jimmy Kimmel Live." While two songs will be broadcast on-air, the band will perform a free, five-song mini-concert on Kimmel's Outdoor Stage located right in the heart of Hollywood, CA, Scars on Broadway's home base.
CORCORAN-- Officials at the California Substance Abuse Treatment Facility and State Prison in Corcoran (CSATF/SP) are investigating an inmate death as a homicide.
Anyway, seeing this list in front of me, I now know where to place my energy of people pleasing.
Place the Christmas pudding into the double boiler for cooking. Be sure to check the water level every 30 minutes to make sure it doesn't boil dry. Add more boiling water as needed.
Tina and Zooey often break into funny, goofy dances and voices. I totally do that.
Even more devastating are the flash-kidnappings’ – targetting ordinary working-class people without access to expensive security and insurance firms to deal with: people who are kidnapped from their homes, forced to withdraw cash from a cash-point while relatives are held at gunpoint back home.
The 203 weapons seized in the operation included handguns, AK-47 and AR-15 style assault rifles, and a .50-caliber sniper rifle. Pitman said all of the weapons were purchased legally from licensed dealers.
So what is the topic for the my last host of Things I Know? In honor of my successor I'm telling you the Things I Know that are Good, Bad and Unnecessary. Genius right?
The TRUTH must be faced. Believe me, it is better to see it and take action, than to do nothing and see all that you had held dear, destroyed. Time is of the essence. You have no time to waste. Do not waste this precious time on the trivialities that are designed to distract you and so take your minds off the problems you have to deal with. The future of your planet and mankind is in your hands. When you truly take on board that each of you is a powerful Being of Light, and you connect with this, then all will be saved. You – the 99% – have the power; the 1% are nothing without you. It is time to take your power back. Trust your own heart, not your head. Your mind has been tampered with and is under the control of the Cabal. This is the biggest decision you will ever make, so much depends on it. All that you have to lose are the shackles of control that have blighted the lives of mankind for thousands of years because man did nothing to prevent it. You allowed it to happen. To this day, you continue to trust the wrong people. You believe what they say. You still fail to see that they do the exact opposite to what they say. The fairy stories the politicians tell you, are just that – Fairy Stories. Why do you fall for them every time? They have no intention of carrying out these “promises”. They all answer to the Cabal, otherwise they would not be in politics.
Full Text Campaign Buzz March 6, 2012: Republican Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney’s Speech / Remarks to AIPAC American Israel Public Affairs Committee’s Policy Conference 2012 — Transcript Full Text Obama Presidency March 6, 2012: President Barack Obama’s Press Conference on Housing Mortgage Refinancing Plan & Potential Military Action Against Iran Full Text Campaign Buzz March 6, 2012: Newt Gingrich’s Super Tuesday Speech / Remarks after Winning in GOP / Republican Presidential Primary in Georgia Campaign Buzz March 6, 2012: Sarah Palin votes for Newt Gingrich at Alaska caucus — Will not rule out Presidential run “Anything is possible” Full Text Campaign Buzz March 6, 2012: Mitt Romney’s Speech / Remarks after Super Tuesday Victories in GOP / Republican Presidential Primaries Full Text Campaign Buzz March 6, 2012: Ron Paul’s Super Tuesday Speech / Remarks Full Text Campaign Buzz March 6, 2012: Rick Santorum’s Super Tuesday Speech / Remarks after Winning in GOP / Republican Presidential Primaries Tennessee, Oklahoma, North Dakota
Wrap the stamped metal around the oval bracelet mandrel. Use the raw hide hammer to form the metal into an oval bracelet.
And sometimes they would burn holes
My method for this recipe was to increase the zucchini, onion and eggs and add corn (some chopped up red pepper would be a nice addition). I added a little more flour because the zucchini has a tendency to seep and the batter becomes thin. There is no added butter or oil except what is used in the pan to cook them making them a bit more healthy. I also scraped the corn cob with the dull side of a knife to "juice" it for that delicious corn nectar that lives there. The first batch was a total success (a rare occurrence to be happy the first time!) and disappeared quick. That can happen when there is a hungry son lurking around.
MANNY: Hey don’t think about it. She’s mine.
“Ohh, oooh.” Tears started to fill my eyes.
WEDNESDAY 4/18/2012 Starbucks Coffee Company 60714 Application Developer I Career Eng/Tech/Math, Bus/Econ
9 am - 4 pm
I was informed about this kit after seeing a couple of videos making the kit and later tasting it. I was impressed by the little bit of extra hops that they supplied and it fed my urges to have more control over my batches. The kit also came highly recommended from several sources so I decided to give it a shot after seeing it stocked in my local home-brew store.
As odd as this might sound, I'm going to say my children. Being a young mother, I was somewhat forced to become responsible and selfless. They made my life matter and focused my attention on something much bigger. They have shown me what is important in life and have taught me not to take a single day for granted. I hope to be the type of person who is fun-loving and easy going--just like my kids.
As you sat without motion, atop your pen and paper loom
Those who do spank often rationalize their choice in one of two ways: they either cite the Bible's "spare the rod and spoil the child" clause (which really isn't IN the Bible, btw), or they speak of spanking as a behavior modification tool, designed to help children learn to obey and exhibit "positive" behaviors that the parent gets to define. Parents who rationalize their choice to spank this way are drawing a distinct line between a "simple tap" on the butt and a smack across the face or punch in the mouth.
She got kicked out of many schools for her anger problem
He was born in 1931 in the USA. He was a soldier, then a lawyer, and then a political adviser to President Nixon. In this role he was the “hatchet man” – the one who would get things done, whatever it took. He was a key figure in the Watergate scandal that ended Nixon’s presidency in 1974. At age 41 he became a Christian. His conversion was met with widespread cynicism. The next year he went to jail for his crimes in Watergate. Impacted by what he saw of life behind bars he started a prison ministry called Prison Fellowship upon his release, which now ministers to inmates all around the world. His impact for the cause of Christ through Prison Fellowship has been massive.
Iberdrola Acquires El Andevalo Wind Farm For $440 Million From Gamesa 11
guns. The protesters retaliated, beating some assailants.
Two white men arrested as suspects in shootings that killed three, wounded two black victims.
No, Paris: you won’t be. Because what happened to you is what society needs to understand. Sift thru the stories of transition, particularly young transition, and time and time and time again you will find this nugget: angry young man or woman, violent, given to anti-social behaviours suddenly metamorphoses, thru transition, into a delightful human being.
make a separate petticoat.
But to suggest such a thing as that would be almost as un-American as-well, as a typical American politician.
@lawyer_chella Sorry, not really our business. Peres ignores Holocaust denial at Facebook Ignoring Massive Apartheid in the Muslim World Update: 2 #Palestinian youths hurled 2 firebombs at an Israeli vehicle near Azun, Judea & Samaria How the U.S. Army Sees The Arabs, Islam, and Middle Eastern Societies
So, in summary, despite having somewhat conflicted feelings about this dress I will endeavour to wear it more often.
Simply Kan. June 19. Sunshine Valley. Lots of bands. Free show. Free camping. Free love. kannaroo.com.
1348 D-IV/24(B)/2000. “General Aviation, Geography, and American Constitutionalism.” Constitutional Law class, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. See Chicago Tribune Magazine, November 26, 2000, pp. 14, 16.
I saw it the day it came out. And then again the next day. Cuz I'm like that.
Darth Spoilboy over the course of the entire Christmas break brought up the fact that he had wanted to keep those toy soldiers. Now I mean no harm about this but my wife is not the sentimental type, if anything she is far more Vulcan than Spock when it comes to getting rid of anything she feels is useless and just taking up space. God help me, but there have been more than a few times she has given me a very curious look like she was contemplating the logic in kicking me out onto the street so I told my son to just suck it up.
Another personal highlight of mine would be the fact that:
So, are you into makeup? Not so much? I don't think I go overboard buying products, tending instead to stick to the tried and true (typically MAC eyeliners and brushes).
Clarence Clemons & The Red Bank Rockers: Can't Turn You Loose (live)
Well I had an amazing weekend and it's going to take some time for me to scan everything in so I can show you what I managed to snag at the auction.
The horses need to do.
Great Lakes Brewing Company
Wednesday, I came down with an infection. Nothing serious -- two days in bed later, I was fit as a fiddle and fine as frog's hair. But I was also on the ground, in Philadelphia. While the airplane I was not in was on its way to China.
I felt totally, sublimely HAPPY.
Kenneth Branaugh boasts an impressive CV, mostly film adaptations of Shakespeare of varying quality. He’s also a capable actor, although a bit overrated. On paper, he was an interesting choice. But he makes a number of miserly mistakes. He confuses scale with meaning. The action is improperly framed. It feels rushed, and lacks any coherence or physical sense of space. It’s all so apparently digitized, shot against blue screens. Even the shots of space—didn’t we master this sort of thing decades ago?—look cheap, constructed with mouse clicks and stock footage. Even the desert and the stars look fake.
Started working in my sculpture class with wood. Yes we have moved on beyond foam core boards yay!
5.) A power to transfer bodies.
Our plan of attack is to fill in the holes the dogs have already dug with concrete , then putting some form of visual barrier against the fence. Possibly barbed or razor wire along the top to make sure they can't jump over. We though about putting barbed wire along the bottom, but that would be a bad idea (as you can guess, with small dog breeds, that's a recipe for disaster.).
O-R-A-N-G-E ORANGE
The Lord bless you from Zion,
who I am sure is a lovely, well intentioned person, but I couldn’t help thinking “Great, yet ANOTHER indictment once again on my many failures as a mother.” Love to hear what Helen thinks is the right way to handle kids, feelings of not getting it right!
Jxx
Sunday November 15th 9am to 2pm, including:
The tumultuous escort, the ranks of policemen preceding, clearing the
Just a reminder: As part of Hambo's 10 Year Anniversary Celebration----they are running a free shipping promotion that runs until the end of the day today. Free shipping anywhere in the U.S. with a $10 minimum purchase. There is a discount on shipping for international orders as well.
I was sad to leave, but if I stayed and visited more booths my brother would have had to roll me out of there. It was a wonderful day and spending time with my brother, nephews and niece made it perfect.
I've been increasingly frustrated with my nails lately, they're not growing past a certain length and I've just been hating on them in general! I was always dubious about false nails as I've seen the damage they can do (Especially if you bite or pull them off.... Ahem.. please don't), but I was honestly so fed up with my natural ones that I picked up these from Boots:
* "Our missile program is a guarantee for world peace and security."
Weather Warden Joanne Baldwin, her husband, the djinn David, and the Earth herself have been poisoned by a substance that destroys the magic that keeps the world alive. The poison is destabilizing the entire balance of power, bestowing magic upon those who have never had it, and removing it from those who need it. It's just a matter of time before the delicate balance of nature explodes into chaos-and doom.
No matter how much I wait, I can’t see you ever again now
“Hey, do you want to watch something?”
"ULLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA"
For the base:
Under Article VI, section 26, of the Constitution, the only power which, in times of war or other national emergency, may be vested by Congress in the President, is the power “to promulgate rules and regulations to carry out a declared national policy.” Consequently, the executive orders issued by the President in pursuance of the power delegated to him under that provision of the Constitution, may be considered only as rules and regulations. There is nothing either in the Constitution or in the Judiciary Act requiring the vote of eight Justices to nullify a rule or regulation or an executive order issued by the President. It is very significant that in the previous drafts of section 10, Article VII of the Constitution, “executive order” and “regulation” were included among those that required for their nullification the vote of two thirds of all of the members of the Court. But “executive order” and “regulations” were later deleted from the final draft (Aruego, The Framing of the Philippine Constitution, Vol. I, pp. 495, 496), and thus a mere majority of six members of this Court is enough to nullify them.
about a half an inch, pinching the wool together. then between
As an atheist my thoughts might be irrelevant, but I believe that the dominance of the building and its proprietors' decision to have a public whinge about the situation allows me to comment.
And what to see when you get there?
you can tell i've been to lazy to make a proper meal.
When I speak of trust and obedience, it stretches beyond a carnal view. It’s fully trusting that God really does what He has revealed through Romans 8:28, “And we know that for those who love God all things work together for good, for those who are called according to his purpose.”. So, two things, He works all things for good to those who love Him and for those who are called to His purpose. Well, previously I had a prayer, to be used for His purpose that He may be glorified. I am called according to His purpose. He called me out of darkness, into the light. He met me in my bedroom as I was broken down, on my knees sobbing and called me to do His will, not mine. And now a decision point was at hand. Do I trust Him fully and become fully obedient to Him and His calling on my life? Well, easier said than done, but yes. I am doing it. It stretches me daily, but it’s another one of those truths I have added to my belt. I whip it out as a reminder that my life isn’t my own. He has called me to His purpose in such a timely manner that it’s remarkable how perfect His timing truly is. I look back on my life and how perfectly He aligned everything in such a beautiful way that I am constantly in awe of it. Pastor Mike said to me last night something that keeps me going, “Don’t lose the awe, Chris”…and he’s right. When you lose the awe of what God is doing, it’s over. You’ve now allowed the enemy to creep in and steal the glory, which is rightfully Gods. You’ve just handed over the keys to the gate.
If you don't know what Glamping is, it's the recent term for glamorous(usually 'eco') camping holidays. Mention Glamping to a 'real man' and he gets insulted. It's like an offence, it's like giving Chuck Norris a manicure, or waxing Bert Reynolds chest, or even shaving Hugh Jackman's head oh, and perhaps his chest. lol What a waste. :)
but what I am, driven and in need.
Fast forward some 25 years, and I type (for work) and cook (for pleasure—and family) everyday— with the occasional sewing project thrown in on special occasions.
Still To Do
Next was a trip to Grand Rapids to visit my adopted family, Jeff, Catrina, Amelia, and Justine. They were, as usual, wonderfully hospitable. I forced them to go to a bike race to watch the famous Breezer in a race. They even pretended to enjoy it. The real tell will be when they start riding their bikes. Then I’ll know they enjoyed it...
Whitewater Rafting
Not everyone is a fan of Valentine's Day, and although I'm one of those as well, I just want to be clear that unlike my last book, Fractured Facade, this short story is not about me. Well, some "elements" of the tale are based on true life experiences, but not necessarily mine.
At least Chicago got eliminated last night.
There’s nothing illegal about saying what you want or what you feel on the internet, barring actual, physical, specific threats on a person. She’s free to spout off any advice she wants. She reminds me of Bill O’Reilly, in fact. She spins a hard “truth” that’s not really all that accurate, in layman’s terms, edgy in her apparent sincerity. She’s playing the internet base like he plays Fox News’ fan base. But you know who has a lot of haters? Bill O’Reilly. It’s part of the game, Heather. So, I guess I would say, “lol, suck it up, you knew what you were signing up for.” And then I could delete it, but I probably won’t.
I labelled this photograph as a natural landscape because that’s certainly how it appears. However, this scene in the middle of one of Canada’s largest cities. I fished around in the archives to dig up this 1991 picture, made right after a snowfall from the vantage point of a pedestrian bridge. The conditions that morning produced one of my most productive photo sessions! Nikon FM2 film camera, slide film, tripod, probably a polarizing filter. Scanned and processed with Photoshop software.
Well, it took a little while to figure out but when you analyse it, it's obvious. I carry a notebook everywhere. I take it on the bus; I take it if I go out for a meal; I take it to work; I even take it to the toilet. I get ideas for stories in odd places, but it is a slow trickle. But the one place I cannot take a notebook is in the shower. It gets kind of soggy and the pencil cuts up the pages. And this the place where the ideas really flow. I mean, in the show there is a positive tsunami of brilliance. All my plot problems are solved in simple and intelligent ways.
Some cookbooks offer a scrumptious meal on the cover to entice the reader. Ballantine Books made a great choice with a different image to draw the wannabe cook in. Seriously, what could be better than the Deen Brothers making a delicious dish as a way to get a cookbook noticed?
Step 13: Application of hot towel on the face
Today Ben came back from mailing some Christmas packages with ...packages...for me! He said the one was kinda old because he had forgotten to give me the sign for it slip. I gave him a look and said...see..this is why I don't like you picking the mail up and going to work with it!
As the story goes more and more things we discover and through those events we learn more of our characters. It's kind of hard to explain what's going on in this manga because whatever that I want to mention it ends up being a spoiler for something. So to prevent this I guess you'll just have to read the thing if you want some more plot exposition.
As a behavior therapist, often the louder a student becomes, the quieter I become. The student will eventually meet my voice with their own, changing the dynamic of the interaction and the intimacy of the conversation. As we become content to connect with God quietly, we increase the intimacy of our relationship and dive below the surface of our typical intermingling with our precious Lord. Like the classroom, the children ask question upon question...the teacher guides and sometimes reminds the students, "It's okay, you already know this...I have prepared you." God loves us so much that He has prepared us, His quiet is in love.
TIP. Although it’s not obvious, your answers will identify whether your arrangements are legally safe, as the questions cover specific legislative requirements.
Notes: I halved the recipe and got 4 mugs of pudding
If I say yes – my now 10yo isn’t afraid or resistant to come to me in the future and ask again. Also, he is more open to when I say ‘no’ and understands after some explanation that no is definitely no, I’m serious about it and more importantly why I say no!
What was the purpose of these Visitas? What kinds of information can we glean from them on race and the state?
mismanagement of our defence
The problem: How to overcome the republican ideal of universals with secular particularity?
If you like this article, you might also be taken by:
I sketched out the idea for a card awhile back and finally had the time to sit down and make it happen. As I pulled out papers to work on it I realized it would make a great set of cards so that's just what I did, I could not be more pleased with how they turned out.
inks: copics and memento tuxedo black
It’s not Sarah’s voice. It takes a few seconds to place and by the time I do the line’s dead. The phone’s still against my ear and I hear every word in real time, as though the line’s on a delay.
included patterns for dolls and toys, bazaar items,
It was time for tea after the Cathedral tour. And Peterborough has a gem of a place: Margaret’s Tea Room in Wentworth Street. Only open a few months, but these guys will do you a top notch cuppa and cake.
Head over HERE (then click on Four Diamonds Fund, then click on 2008 Holiday Cards) to order your HOLIDAY CARDS all the while making a donation to The Four Diamonds Fund which is solely for CHILDHOOD CANCER! All the artwork on these cards was done by children being treated for cancer @ Penn State Hershey! And while you are at it....check out PENN STATE'S DANCE MARATHON. My sorority was a part of this event my senior year! It is a 48 hour dance marathon, there are teams and you get sponsors, etc. The 47th hour they bring out the kids! The cancer kids! And they dance with the team that personally sponsored them!
The man gestured to the short wall of the courtyard and John nodded. The man stepped over the wall and said, “I am Malchus ben Levi and I am asking people about their encounters with Jesus the supposed Christ.”
5 great
I leave you with this Great Moment In Time Management. There are naked male bottoms, and, ahem, suggestive references. But Empress Nympho knows her limits, and she knows how to say "No."
My girls are my life. Just in case you couldn't tell.
Another free image this time thank you to Doodle Pantry. There's a whole page of them there. I'm not sure about the paper as I've lost the cover but it's from a 12 x 12 stack and it could be DCWV. The card is 6"X6".
Having a genius for finery can be understood as having a talent for showy ornamentation; in other words, knowing how to distract others to frivolous adorations. Nietzsche attributes this as a method by which women maintain their womanliness, and “charm” society into not taking their persons seriously enough to analyze their deceptive nature (for which their assumed secondary role serves as a perfect clout) and the full extent of their cunning influence. Despite his chauvinism, Nietzsche staunchly believes that woman is the cleverer sex, and thereby also the more evil one.[14] This belief in the diabolical cleverness of women leads the philosopher to conclude that the overconfidence men have in their so-called domestication of the female sex, is nothing more than a façade, promoted by women themselves:
Does anyone know what I mean?
Aren't they pretty?
So, will you think it—that one word: resistance? Will you notice that they’ve come for our kin of polar bears and black terns, who are right now being herded into the cattle cars of industrial civilization? Will you join the others who are yearning to action? The train can be derailed, the tracks ripped up, the bridge blown down. There is no metaphor here, as any General Officer could tell us. There is a planet being murdered, and there are also targets that, if taken out relentlessly, could stop it. So think “resistance” with all your aching heart, a word that must become our promise to what is left of this planet. Gather the others: you already know them. The brave, smart, militant, and, most of all, serious, and together take aim. Do it carefully, but do it.
Finally a close up of my journalling. I think this is so,so true!
Thoughts? How would you answer the question?
I want to bid a fond farewell to one of our own, The Tired Monk is taking a hiatus. I, for one will miss his voice. We can hope the Tired Monk will write a book. Let's hope he isn't too tired.
IDW's Popeye #1, edited by Ted Adams, Craig Yoe and Clizia Gussoni, is illustrated by Bruce Ozella, a Boston graphic designer and illustrator who has produced advertising concepts, brochures, cartoons, flyers, magazine and newspaper ads, pamphlets, posters, programs and PR materials during the past three decades. For Popeye #1, Ozella did all penciling, inking and hand-lettering.
Every so often the balance of power within a polity changes.
ride there for grandpa’s last request before he died
When the truth comes out, Ruby barely escapes Thurmond with her life. Now she’s on the run, desperate to find the one safe haven left for kids like her—East River. She joins a group of teens who escaped their own camp, pursued along the way by terrifying bounty hunters. Liam, their brave leader, is falling hard for Ruby. But no matter how much she aches for him, Ruby can’t risk getting close to him. Not after what happened to her parents.
Anyway, I did a 10 mile ride today on the West State Street Section of the trail. Lovely as usual, and i got to see several more miles of the bikepath that i have not yet expereinced. I had to take a couple breaks and am not very fast but really enjoyed just being outside. It actually helped my headache as the silence is ablsolutely perfect for me. There were other people on the trail but not a lot. Lovely day, great ride, thank goodness drugs make me feel better. LOL
What genre do you write in?
Jerry Spinner - and he'll bring 3 or 4 friends
I still feel emotionally and mentally exhausted from all the sickness and death, but at the same time, I recognize that I'm alive and I need to get back to living.
You may or may not remember my epiphany that I'm addicted to productivity, and the realization that I don't relax very well. (Post is here.) Well, let me warn you that you might want to be careful what you put out to the Universe. The last month saw a few big changes for me and my family. My husband got a wonderful job opportunity, which in public education means that he gets to do double the work for the same pay. Two days later he was asked to take on another pretty hefty project. And now I no longer have one responsibility that used to be a good-sized time commitment.
Fortunately, like us Roger and Mirta are always early, and when they came in they told us the reservation had been made in the name of their friends Ruth and Gustavo, and that there would be just the six of us.
Key words here: could and can really truly means …but not really.
But I’m all right now All right now
Preheat oven 325 ° F
I have to admit it, I'm an addict to mini desserts, pies, cake pops, donuts, cakes, cookies, you name it. Whenever I see them I go crazy just because they are the perfect bite size, they look really cute and besides they won't make me gain weight, right? for being small?
I love to see a happy dog. Especially, when they are ours. Today little dude got a special treat, a ball game at the local park. He was a perfect gentlemen.
Sorry for the neglect and late posting! Finals season is coming into full swing at Wisconsin Law, and though I only have two to worry about, my schedule is pretty packed with work, working out, and working on studying. Without further adieu, here are this week’s challenges:
We will check into the Relais St Germain Hotel early afternoon and once we have settled in and perhaps taken a walk over to Pierre Hermé for a macaron, we will meet Francois at 6 pm to have a drink at the Bonaparte. Francois will explain about the restaurant scene in Paris, what has changed, which are the improvements and what has been lost. We will return to the hotel at 8 pm to have dinner at Le Comptoir with a menu devised by Francois and Guy de Camdeborde who we will meet if he is not travelling. If we are still feeling energetic after dinner, we may go to a nearby bar for a nightcap or perhaps just walk in St Germain des Prés.
I got us another beer and said nothing else about it.
Known for her larger than life personality and her time on MTV’s #1 series “The Jersey Shore,” Nicole “Snooki” Polizzi joins HSN to launch her signature perfume called “Snooki” by Nicole Polizzi” and debut her new line that includes slippers, handbags, sunglasses and even a version of her beloved stuffed “Crocodilly,” just in time for the holidays.
I'm kicking things off with some images from my all-time favorite Sci-Fi movie, "Forbidden Planet." You might enjoy seeing these images if you haven't before, which highlight the sexy, impish Altaira, played by the lovely Anne Francis. One envies Robby, as Jerry Farnam said! This is only the first entry on the subject, there will be others with more photos and behind the scenes extras!
And out it came. The sort of language that I don't even expect from his father and HE'S a sailor.
Of course there are many advantages to drawing digitally; it is so much easier to erase; no clean up needs to be done in order to use as line art in digital projects and the list goes on.
The discovery of a new typological pattern in Holy Scripture, through which our hope for the apocalyptic deliverance of the Church of Christ is renewed and strengthened, must be based… on clear New Testament authority. God’s saving acts in Israel’s history must be applied by a New Testament writer to the future redemption of Christ’s people by clear literary allusions to the Old Testament and a clear analogy of theological structure with regard to Israel’s salvation history.[4]
- Participate actively in the monthly and quarterly closing;
Finally, we sometimes are too hasty to act before knowing what God says. We have good intentions, and we think that we do not need one another; that we do not need wisdom from others. This is what the leper did. He did something believing it was wise. But ultimately nothing contrary to the words of Christ is deemed wise. We must be cautious with our actions. How many times have we acted before thinking through issues? How many times have we acted only to find out that if we had just sought counsel we would have avoided a great turmoil? Even our good intentions need to be bathed in biblical wisdom and patience.
This photo is of the Disneyland Castle during our trip. It was a great way to start the countdown week to Christmas Day. The Castle is so pretty during the day with the Christmas decor against the California blue skies. You'll just have to visit Disneyland to see how it lights up the night during the holiday.
This isn't to say I won't blog again at some point. I like the idea of doing some sort of group blog that has more of a focus than this one, but this is basically it for Beetsolonely. All of the old stuff will continue to live here for as long as Blogger or its future incarnation lets it.
On reading the first page of this book, I felt as I were in a gentle mist; in it and part of it at one and same time. The more I read, the more I resonated with the message it brings – to reconnect to the natural order, to step outside the turmoil and pressures of the mundane and be at peace and in tune with the natural world around. This is a unique and practical guide; a veritable treasure house of information.
(on their first date…)
The chemistry of a soufflé is relatively simple. First the yolks (mostly fats) are separated from the whites or albumen (more proteins) which uncoil their spiral shapes as they are beaten until just stiff, a process called denaturation. The egg white proteins latch onto one another and create a miniscule web of trapped air bubbles. Actually, the protein in the egg whites forms a kind of skin around these bubbles.
Some of the better comments were by 'Wayward Son.' Some of these realist commenters seem to be familiar from other blogs.
Hex wakes up sometime later to find himself in a cell with the still-talking Chako. Hex breaks Chako's nose to shut him up.
Why, then, can’t God work in every heart if He is sovereign? It is simply because the uninitiated willingly rejects the truth. We know that it is the will of God that everyone is saved. In 1 Timothy 2:4,
I remember Todd saying something about being determined to hike the Peak tomorrow, and I say “I’m in!” as my head starts to swirl… I see a world of Bud Light, flames, and some freaky curtain that could only have been the inside of my eyelids… then the most horrible headache I could ever imagine sets in.
Hello in Japanese
Then we decided to try to go see Jerry Siegel's house - or Joel Schuester's house (it's one of those guys who created Superman). He grew up in Cleveland and they renovated the house not too long ago. Someone lives in it, so you basically just have to drive by - it isn't open to the public, but with Precious being the Superman fan that he is, he wanted to see it. However, as we drove it became very clear that we weren't in Kansas anymore.
:: I added a .5 inch to the length so I could fold under a .5 inch & create a seam similar to the Abby Jacket (the mitten pattern calls for zigzagging the raw edge)
Never mind. With the rate at which this murderous trend is growing, we’ll all be swept up in this craze by the end of the year. Going out killing is the new staying in! Forget your Pogs, football cards and foldable scooters, grab your nearest automatic weapon and meet me in the park. Last one standing gets to eat my liver!
What I found most interesting about that study was the seven groups that African Americans were broken down into:
So, here it is...the end of week one.
2. Liar (Ballard) 3:14
I am what is missing.
Normally for Beltane I attempt to gather dew on a flannel and wash my face in it. I didn’t try it this year because I had to go to work and also because it has been raining so much lately I thought I wouldn’t get any dew. I had asked for rain at the Spring Equinox and since we’re in a drought condition it’s good to have it.
3600 McKinney Ave
Drain chicken broth/water from can into a measuring cup. Add additional water to reach specified liquid measurement, according to package directions, and proceed to cook the quinoa.
What a Classic!
A fisherman at dusk near the Fish Market. Yemen's fishing industry is suffering from piracy and overfishing.
4.JMPD are not real cops
If converting food crops to fuel seems like madness defined, Elizabeth Rosenthal, writing in the April 6th New York Tmes, reported that “Each year, an ever larger portion of the world’s crops—cassava and corn, sugar and palm oil—is being diverted for biofuels as developed countries pass laws mandating greater use of nonfossel fuels and as emerging powerhouses like China seek new sources of energy to keep their cars and industries running.” Wasting food? That’s the stuff of revolution everywhere.
3) I stitched the zipper in place using the placket insertion method. I like this method best, because it creates nice coverage for the zipper teeth. invisible zippers are also nice in pillows, but I didn’t have one that matched, so I improvised by using an alternative method.
Oh, sweet Jesus. One of my students recommended a "study aid" called No-Fear Shakespeare to the class. It's a sort of facing-page "translation" of Shakespeare into modern English. (Yes, I know Shakespeare is already in modern English.) I said very quickly that I didn't endorse the recommendation, but I felt like I owed them a fuller explanation of why not, so I've been poking around on the NFS web site for examples of lines that lose a great deal in translation. For your delectation, here are some of my favorites so far.
Viv was still missing a few dances though and sent me off to play (as she puts it). Janis said she had seen this in my blogs and did not realise that Viv actually said this.
Below I have listed some great “gateway beers”. Hopefully these will help ease the main stream drinkers into the craft beer world. They are arranged from the easiest transitions to the more complex palate (all still make great transition beers).
What an amazing lesson! Marlita has known about the church for years...her daughter and brother were even baptized years ago...but she had always refused to receive the missionaries in her own home or to visit the church herself. She is a member of the Igreja Assembleia de Deus and even worked as an "obreira" for years (the ones who peform the blessings of healing) and always heard terrible lies about the "Mormon Church" and the Book of Mormon from her church leaders....so she never opened her heart to learn more. But lately, Marlita has been having difficulties and struggling with depression that left her softened and humble...so when Geny told her about her recent baptism and the new joy and peace that she had found in the gospel and asked if she could bring us to meet her, Marlita accepted.
The thing about this event, though, is that the alcohol flows freely all night long. The idea (the very very successful idea) is that people will get drunk and make bad bidding choices and then spend too much money. It's a really good idea. A $31,000 idea, actually. My only responsibility these days, as part of the planning and organizing, is to procure the catering permit that will make the free alcohol legal. You're not allowed to sell alcohol at PTA events, you see; you can only give it away if somebody has donated it. But you do need a catering permit from the Alcoholic Beverage Control office in order to not have the police come.
Australia has five states and territories; I live in South Australia, noted for great wine making and hosting international arts festivals. That is why Australia calls us the “Festival State.” My family migrated to Australia from England in the 1960s when I was a child, so all of us can claim to be well and truly Aussies by now.
“Hi. How was your day at college?” he asked her nervously.
You may also choose to make a Love-A-Sister donation to help pay for a portion of one woman’s surgery.
Everyone has a favourite pair of shoes right? Even boys have their comfiest trainers! Invest in a pair that are practical, comfy and suit your personality. Shoes are the the base of a good look. The nicest ballgown in the world can be spoiled by a pair of trainers. The leather boots gave the rock chicks their edge, the fringed suede added style to the cowboys and platform shoes (!) MADE the 70s! (I really need to be stopped before I go off on a tangent.) So what shoes are for you?
I hope when they look into it, they see not only a refection of now, but the possibility of what can be.
Last week, I had a consultation with a plastic surgeon. I’d been thinking about scheduling such an appointment for about a year. After losing over 160 pounds, I have a lot of excess skin in my gut, and I’ve been curious to learn what can be done about it. I’ve done some internet research here and there, but it’s not the same as meeting with an expert and getting information as it pertains to my body and my situation.
died: 1812
What am I going to do? It's the day after graduation, and my family will be in town, so after church I'll hand round a gallon of sunscreen for my Indiana family to put on to protect themselves from the Texas sun, and then we'll go find a parking space somewhere near the BikeTexas building (which happens to be inside the car-free zone!). After I introduce my family to my BikeTexas coworkers, we'll stroll down Sixth and see what is happening, until some of us get tired or overheated or both. If you see one bewildered elderly woman plus two bewildered middle-aged people plus three happy 30(ish)somethings... you've found us. Stop and say hello!
Who the hell is Gruen, you might ask. Well, he’s the guy who’s always there when scenes begin and is long gone before they become stale.
Such thoughts arose recently when I continued to meet new people. I noticed how I had this inherent trust for some people I might never have met, and after meeting, realise that we clicked far better than imagined. Instinctively, I had faith that things were certain and nothing could go wrong – and even if it did, they can be trusted to help fix the problems. I recall how I’d met some interesting characters at the start of the year and how we managed to coordinate our actions and thoughts so well together that everything seemed to work out perfectly even at crunch time. I thought about the individual who had agreed to a last-minute request with only a brief verbal acknowledgement, then delivered on the promise beyond what I’d expected. I then think about how just a week ago I’d encountered yet another character who was amazingly different from my impression but we turned out to be highly aligned in various aspects.
Other than that I didn't get the chores I needed to complete (posting stuff), tidying up etc. It's almost home time for Linda and I'm sure she may give me this kind of look when she gets home.
I haven't been in the mood to blog much this week in case you haven't noticed. Everything feels like an effort these days and something has to give. I strive to be positive here but it's becoming more of a struggle and that shows.
12. Smoke (2:56)
“Miss Silver paid close attention to the strange tale of sensible, middle-aged Miss Paulina Paine. Though totally deaf, Miss Paine could lip-read so well that strangers never suspected her handicap-or guessed she could eavesdrop with uncanny accuracy. She had been, she told Miss Silver, on the far side of a spacious art gallery, but her “listening eye” was not mistaken; she distinctly “heard” two men planning both a theft and a murder.
As for the south carolina gamecocks history are fine when it comes as a retirement relocation option. Northerners may be well advised to politely decline to answer police questioning and if your blood alcohol level or if you have health insurance then do not unwittingly become a part of a fourth offense, you will face one year of prison time. Fourth offenses are considered to be finally said that these colleges in South Carolina. This place has about two thousand animals in it which stay in a place which closely resembles there natural habitats. The garden has some good collections of sculptures from very good artists that are state funded to small colleges promoting liberal arts, military or religious traditions. College sports are very low as well. So picture this. After moving to the Constitution allows any person, including a target, subject or witness can make is to search for ones in all industries in SC. Artists and designers can find employment in corporations creating advertisements, brochures, logos and packaging and product designs. They can work in agencies, design firms, film and media companies and you can still carry on your team can give you the south carolina gamecocks history of dedication to the south carolina gamecocks history a whole lot of large hotels and condo complexes right on the south carolina gamecocks history over Stanford 45-23, No. 7 Penn State, No. 12 Missouri on the national casino scene.
There's a very serious comparison made between the Roman Colosseum and The Houston Astrodome....
THIS BEAUTIFUL LIFE. By Helen Schulman. (Harper/HarperCollins, $24.99.) A family’s Manhattan life comes apart when their 15-year-old forwards a sexually explicit video made for him, unsolicited, by a girl two years younger.
So watch corruptions forces
However the crucial reason why my employer - in common with many public service employers - grants me paid time off to do my trade union work is because they know they have to.
If you can, get a new job. In a new city. In a new country if you can manage it, and leave your pooping days behind you forever – but take care to never let it happen again, or you’ll have to move again, and maybe change your name because your reputation for soiling yourself will now be international.
With war and war’s expression.
He said the commission and the Act will simplify the process of company registration, as well as mordenise business administration.
Basically it's the idea that if someone took all 365 designs and published them in a book, that would significantly hurt me. It would damage my business, it may even cause my business to fail.
Well, yesterday one of these moments happened to me.
Hark! now my funeral card is read,
The weather is warming up and so I am full on into running again. Funny thing about running is it is probably the closest I will ever get to meditation.
So, I got creative inside. I scoured my house for places, any places, that had decent natural light. I found two. Are you ready for them? You're going to laugh. Or at least smile a teeny bit.
For me to sit in and read
The topic of changing a woman's last name to that of her husband's is a great topic of conversation in the No Patterns household. You see, before we got married, I had no problem changing my last name to the hubby's. He has an awesome last name. But as the time passed, and the day to change my name grew nearer, I started feeling a bit weird about the whole practice.
“Only that he now goes by Darth Nolan,” Wro’bel said, the title coming almost painfully, as if speaking the word went against everything he stood for. There was something Wro’bel wasn’t telling him, but as far as he could tell, it had little to do with what he was being paid for. At least, not as far as Nik was concerned.
Who are you answering to?
I’d like for us to take a look at the power of influence in our lives and how it is possible to be nudged off course a little at a time until finally, we find ourselves asking, “How did I get here?” No one is indispensable, not even us!
Some common questions I get and my take on them:
And what about this? Omg! I nearly died when I saw this at Scout. It is toooo cute! I told Paul I wanted to do all the tables like this for the wedding but he's not convinced. I'm working on him haha.
I need her melody and sweet jams now
TA-DAH!
The plot then winds its way through more absurdity until Lucky and Penny find themselves with each other free and clear, with one boffo reprise singing “A Fine Romance” against “Just the Way You Look Tonight.”
My alone time came at night, when I lay in the fold-out bed in the spare room, listening to sappy rock ballads on my Walkman and pining for my boyfriend. All the pretenses fell away in the dark, and I was not a poised young adult at all. Sure, I’d felt homesick before — I was one of those kids who cried herself to sleep at summer camp for the first few days — but being on another continent gave the feeling a peculiar, echoing dimension. I didn’t want to go home early, yet I counted the days until my departure.
Obviously, I need to do more Naked Blogging.
As we look at our text for today, Acts 22:2, The Apostle Paul is identifying himself with his audience, the Jews. He was one as we saw in Acts 21:39. “But Paul said, I am a man which am a Jew of Tarsus, a city of Cilicia”. He said this to Lysias, the Captain of the Romans. But did this massive crowd know that he was a Jew? I don’t think so.
I was wondering how the cats would take to the addition.
With its own little website!
“Let me guess. You don’t think you deserve your grade.”
We all have reasons to run away from things or to pass it off to someone else but when we buck up (or as others say, put your big girl panties on) and deal with it we realize how strong and knowledgeable we really are. We fumble still but there’s nothing like taking charge of ____ (your life, situation, challenge, health, etc.) and seeing the results or making things
Now two years later, Lifetime is banking again on the popularity of the story and Jennifer Love Hewitt — The Client List is now a series on the television network for women. The names have changed (Samantha Horton is now Riley Parks); the basic plot has been tweaked (the injured husband is now a husband that has abandoned his family); but the general idea remains the same (a mother goes to work as a prostitute to make a living for her children).
My mate and I trundled off to The Labia which is definitely one of the best things about living in Cape Town. Take the mountain but don’t take the awesome cinema that serves popcorn out of brown bags and adds vodka or gin to your slushie of choice. Then there are the awesome throwback to the 70's curtains which I am so fond of. Back to the film.
R21: *Sc 2, dec 1*, rep 6 times. (18 sts)
Great drink.
Ian Stewart - Bass
2 ripe avocados, halved, stones removed, peeled
They refused to explain their actions to police.
Interesting fellow, Khalaf. He headed the Black September group that murdered 11 Israeli athletes at the Munich Olympics, and later tortured to death two American diplomats in the Sudan in 1973 on Arafat's orders, Cleo Allen Noel and George Curtis Moore.
The more property a person owns in a democracy, the greater the chance that this ownership will infringe on the freedoms of others. I believe this tendency is inherent within the ideal of property rights. The Robber Barons provided many good examples, with their massive holdings and special arrangements with government that pushed everybody else’s rights aside, including their right to own property. This kind of power is not the same as a state-sanctioned permanent monopoly, but the effect on others is similar. In practice, it had many elements of an extractive economy.
Then each of us was escorted to a table under an umbrella to sign -- No, not our books -- but baseballs. Nine signatures on each baseball. The RH Team! Did I mention I was freezing? Never again will I go to LA without a leather jacket and boots.
How do leaders shoot themselves in the foot?
I’m totally chuckling after reading Courtney’s blog from yesterday where she shares the query letter outtakes. The moral of the story is this: If you find yourself unable to write a decent query letter, hire Sherry!
Take care and thanks for popping by.
Sure enough they drop him off at the hospital, from where he called us and told us everything… he was given time off to recover but we gave him so much shit for it when he got back…
That's how I feel right now. Sometimes I just have to quiet down, let go and trust. Surrender and go with the flow, knowing that even if I can't see the bigger picture, I am going where I am meant to.
I know the struggle
However, every time I tried, the pain almost brought me to the ground. I could walk, but I could not run. So walk I did. Until the last 1/2 mile, when I could see the finish line. I was determined to RUN across that line. Clenching my teeth, holding back the tears, I sucked in the pain and ran.
But if you never cry then your well becomes dry and your storms seem to be prolonged and thirsting for relief. So cry out to God and release your tears so you can be free in His will for you. Trust me your tears from man are not going to carry you, cry to the Lord and He will deliver you. That is the truth. Man believes tears are signs of weakness and lack of faith, but tears to me are submission to God’s will to rescue us. Keeping my eyes on Him.
Today, the area around the house has transformed into a pitiful place, wedged on all sides by vendors selling anything from fruits to pirated DVDs, with a faint aroma from a stinking canal, electrical wires hanging from everywhere and potholes marking the streets and alleys. Just the same, the place instills some national pride as well as gratitude to the family who endeavored to preserve the place. Truly a heritage treasure.
Finally, it was inevitable, as it is with most anti-patent proclamations, that Lord Jacob erroneously applied concepts of obviousness (i.e., "very ordinary things") as a basis for determining patentable subject matter. It cannot be stressed strongly enough that "obviousness" is a legal concept that is completely independent of "patentable subject matter." An application that is found obvious won't issue as a patent because someone else has already disclosed the invention prior to the applicant. An application that is not deemed patentable subject matter won't issue as a patent because no one has the right to claim such an invention.
Just a couple of weeks ago, I answered a question on a blog: what would you not purchase high-end? My answer was mascara. It’s something that you are supposed to throw away after three months, plus I had never been amazed by a non-drugstore mascara, so what was the point?
As Balhae was a newly founded country, it adopted an open-door policy to immigrants from neighboring kingdoms and tribes including the Khitan (<U+5951><U+4E39>) and Malgal (<U+977A><U+97A8>).
And if time brings understanding
If I Knew Now What I Knew Then by Big Sandy & His Fly-Rite Boys
The irises and lemon-lilies are easy enough to spot in the accompanying photo. If you look closely, you can also see a couple little spots of blue not far beyond and to the left of the terra-cotta toad house. Those are the four-o'clocks. At the far end of the bed is a large grindstone from my maternal grandparents place, plus, you can see one of the pair of iron cart wheels that used to lay in the attic of their wash house/cellar house. An axle and the other wheel are attached, but you can't see them. At the very top left of the photo, you can see one end of the new house built disgustingly close to mine (300') across the road. Shame I ain't rich, or I'd have bought that place just to keep from having more neighbors.
In all, Top 8 proves to be a read that's not only fun but makes you think a little, too, about the technology you use in your life.
“Okay.” and he ran off.
Here's the Great Audrey. The pageant tiara or more commonly known Holly Golightly pictured below, is the tiara we associate with brides today. She was somehow regal, whether faking it till she made it in Breakfast at Tiffany's, or the European aristocrat in Roman Holiday. Note how Audrey could wear these three very different tiaras in the roles she played.
This is a well crafted and truly creepy gothic mystery set in a believable English village. The gothic setting will be familiar to all North American readers who have seen any of the Sherlock Homes movies. However, the violence was overly explicit and there was more gore than I am comfortable with, even in a novel of the crime/suspense genre.
London, England and Cabo San Lucas, Mexico.
Then I would add some additional photoblog-esque commentary on the above photo:
My order for collar bacon has gone in and it’ll be ready on Weds – yay!!!
Recently, legislation has been introduced to eliminate the double taxation for interstate telecommuters/teleworkers. The Telecommuter Tax Fairness Act was created to prohibit states from taxing nonresidents on the income they earn at home. In short, you should pay taxes on where you are physically present. The bill (S1811) is currently a standalone bill in the hands of the Senate Finance Committee. It was also a submitted amendment (1573) to the Senate transportation bill but not included in the package sent to the House of Representatives last week. For telecommuters, teleworkers, and anyone interested in seeing the expansion of a more distributed workforce, you can do the following: write to Representative Jim Himes (D-CT), who sponsored the bill in the last session of Congress, the House leadership, and your local congressmen and ask to either change the current transportation bill to include the Telecommuter Tax Fairness Act or to pass S1811, the standalone version of the Telecommuter Tax Fairness Act, this session. Additionally, you can get involved by signing the online petition located on the Telework Coalition’s website.
I did manage to make these cakepops for M's baby shower for her coworkers though, about a month ago.
This is the invitation from Avid Reader to my talk and signing there next Thursday. I have been told by a couple of friends the Avid Reader is THE bookshop in Brisbane, so I hope you come along and we'll find out together if that is true. If you're coming in, please introduce yourself to me and to Hanno, who'll be there too. Don't forget to book.
So last year, about this time, I had bookmarks made for POSSESSION. And stickers. And jewelry. I was planning countdown giveaways each month from March - May. I had forms made for ARC requests and for people who wanted to host me on their blog for the release.
Nice with a leg of chicken on the side.
Several news stories, all out of Iowa's local press have come out about the vote rigging that saw the elite's top man Mitt (Mittens) Romney as the chosen man.
As I grew up, I followed my dreams and listened to my heart the way she taught me, but her absence left a hollow space inside that I couldn’t fill. I kept these thoughts to myself, turning away when tears filled my eyes and seeking seclusion in the garden when the grief became too much. When I was a little girl, Mum would sing away the nightmares and the terror that they left behind. She kept me safe and her music filled my heart and took away the darkness. As long as love filled my heart, I would be safe, she said. She just never taught me how to fill the hole her
3. I did a marathon 3 days before I turned 40. I race-walked/powerwalked it in 5:52. It was a life goal - my dad was a marathoner, who died at age 55. It was also a tribute to him and I cried when I crossed the finish line, and my mom was there to put my medal around my neck.
Kevin’s Mind: So there are reasons why we think like we do, in particular the negative and destructive thoughts. The enemy is opportunistic; he’ll use whatever method he can to get to us. My human nature, my tendency as a man, my flesh nature leans toward pride. My flesh always wants to work with the Devil. My pride is always trying to pull the New Covenant, the undeserved gift of salvation, out of the picture so that I have the right to feel hopeless, angry, negative, all things that work with the Devil and not against him. He lies in wait and slips in there when we’re tired and weak, and he often uses old wounds, old tender spots. Like Alistair Begg says, if we think we don’t have to maintenance old weaknesses we’re fooling ourselves. Remember the description of Battle in the introduction, that it is a prolonged conflict toward a definite end? Satan will invest any amount of time and effort and he’ll pull out all the arsenal in order to have a definite outcome in his favor.
The stainless-steel is a nasty harsh, cold substance. Alas, gold and silver are too soft and malleable for this sort of mechanism. The squared edges could do with radiusing too. The makers describe it as having six precision gears. I'd quibble, and say a precision gear-maker would perhaps call those semi-precision. A little bit of dirt, goo, or grit might be a big problem. The model in the videos has hairy fingers. I winced at the thought, even though my fingers are not hairy, and no, I do not shave them, nor do I have them waxed.
Background: Yin and Yang
Rose, if you can hear me, I'M BUILDING HOUSES!!! For OTHERS!!! BECAUSE OF YOU!!!
Ah, the OWS movement..back again like a rancid smell you thought you’d gotten rid of in spring cleaning. Together with pals from the SEIU and other radical groups, they used the old Communist holiday of May Day to exercise their usual tyranny over other people’s rights to travel, work, buy and sell.
In 2008, this dropped by 7% to $375K*.
Say what? The first time he said "Extinguicell," I thought, "He's looking at the guy's fire extinguisher, but in five minutes he won't remember the name he made up." I should know better. Augie doesn't forget. What's more, he treats all the names exactly the same. I like that. It makes me believe that when he meets kids named Abdi and Pang and Anousone he'll take their names in stride. (Actually, he and Vi already have classmates with what we used to consider unusual
Another lack of difference, in my opinion, is both parties failure to place the facilitation of the flow of commerce, capital, and credit at the top of their platforms. If both parties are so concerned about economic growth and social justice, they would clearly delineate their differences and put forward policies reflecting them.
Chag Sameach!
There are many places where you can take a HIV test. To find out where you can do so, please:
It is not uncommon to have a hard time when backing the car out of tight spaces. There are many people that have trouble and often deal with running into other cars or causing accidents due to backing out the wrong way.
SS: The experience on the road and what touring is about and the music industry.
lip gloss a go, and the
DAP’s focus tends to emphasize their party leader Lim Guan Eng. Most of the DAP members failed to be present in the forum sessions held from morning till pre-debate. Most of the reserved seats stood empty. Only when the debate was about to commence, only then were the the seats occupied. This proves that DAP supporters do not care for the rest of the DAP speakers at the forum, which include Dr Tan Sing Giaw, Chong Eng, Liew Chin Tong and Teoh Nie Ching.
Overall, this year’s conference was a definite success and i had the opportunity to meet and speak with some of the notable directors, deans, and leaders from well known American and Canadian Universities. When minds work together, amazing things can happen, and by gathering international researchers, consultants, and entrepreneurs in one place, the conference provided ideas and inspiration for individuals to “perfect the blend” in their own institution.
I am on the bus home and I am tired, though not as tired as I had been. Four weeks on from a fortnight of doing fuck all in the French Alps and I am still feeling somewhat restored. There were three months of waking up feeling bleached and sedated prior to that. I don't know why.
Plus, it’s incredibly tender, but much less so today, three days later. I had to turn down three days of work this week because it wouldn’t have been possible for me to touch anything and not scream and bleed.
This weekend is Mid South Con in Memphis! I took Friday off from work and have spent the whole weekend doing non-stop gaming! I've had a blast! I don't have many pictures to show you because frankly I was having so much fun that I forgot about taking pictures. LOL
Here are the wordstrips:
I think this is going to work pretty well for us. Thanks for making it one of the challenges, Toni!
I received this book for free from WaterBrook Multnomah Publishing Group for this review. Please rate this review below.
3. Hoodoo Man (4:28)
Use the coupon code MAYBOOKS12 and get 20% off! (Don't worry, it doesn't affect us small publishers/sellers. It comes out of Lulu's pocket. And thanks to Chris at Heroes & Other Worlds for the heads up on that one!)
Beltane is when the Milesians came to Ireland. They took over Ireland from the Tuatha Dé Danaan, eventually making an agreement that they would have the half of Ireland above ground and the Tuatha Dé Danaan would have the half of Ireland below ground.
of my lungs
Unfortunately, I have to admit that there are no sprouts yet! Perhaps due to the missing plastic? But it’ll ruin the esthetics if they have to be covered with plastic. After all, we enjoy many cups of coffee in that summerhouse… (in our free time).
But now . . . at least for a few days . . . I can strut my true self . . . resplendent in bright colours . . . and ginghams galore. And this evening, I'm just sitting here . . . looking at my rolling rack. Making last minute changes. A few minor substitutions. And awaiting the chance to get dressed.
It was his smile that made me wonder what the source was of his happiness
Erik Estrada (Guns)
We discovered Aiden’s heart malady by accident. Ellen was into natural food, natural medicine, whole-grain seaweed sandwiches and eggs that came from free-range chickens who had bedtime stories read to them each night before they settled into their nests. Natural childbirth with a midwife. All that stuff. She was convinced antibiotics were the forbidden fruit, so she didn’t run to the HMO every time our kids were sick. But something told her to take Abby in for some chest congestion she couldn’t get rid of. Aiden was with her, and on a lark the doctor placed the stethoscope on his chest.
As the result of a laid back attitude, we are told of stories where a pensioner received RM21,433 a month instead of RM214.33 for 16 months! The mistake was detected after more than a year.
So here we are, having not gotten a challenge out on time for a couple of days and there’s that huge temptation to throw up my hands and call it a day. Writing can be like that. We have a great idea, get seven chapters into the story and stop for whatever reason, only to find out that later on we have no momentum, and can’t even remember how the next scene was supposed to go.
It is astonishing, or should be, that the right of people to be mildly satirical about sacred figures should even be in question in this day and age. No doubt UCLU thought it was being sensitive, inclusive and progressively liberal in demanding the atheist society remove the cartoon. But it was not. It was the action of illiberal bullies.
Round 2: 2 HDC in each ST around. (20 HDC)
4) Slowly stir in sugar and cream until pudding desired consistency
But thankfully, there exists such a thing as Google Search :)
Circle City Soups ""My Dad's" sweet corn chowder" My Dad's Sweet Corn comes from Tipton and is one of those items that sells out almost every week at the Farmer's Market. Corn chowder made from it was bound to be delicious and it certainly was. Christy loves all things corn so this was one of her favorites.
Wrap your head around that!
Oh the bang. I’ve had a love hate relationship with the bang. I love them, I hate them, I can’t live without them, but I’m on the 12 step, 12 month program where I am letting them grow out. It’s never easy to grow out your bangs, and by the time you do grow them out, they are back in style again and you concede to have them trimmed again. But getting bangs is like having that last drink of the night when you know it’s time to go home. You wind up blacking out and having to hear from a friend that your rendition of Journey’s “Don’t Stop Believing”, was the best they’d seen in years, and has instantly become a YouTube sensation. Now Daniel Tosh is calling you to be on his web show and you realize you really can’t make it out there to do the show because you are in the middle of growing out your bangs. Damn the timing. There’s only one thing you regret more than that drink, and it was cutting your bangs to begin with. Can someone please explain to me why it takes your hair less than 6 months to grow 6-8 inches, but your bangs take a full year to completely recover. Isn’t it all hair to begin with?
*These sites can be clunky and difficult to navigate so take care and time when booking your tickets.
Presently at 130% of U.S. civil service salary, the UN wage is seriously inflated. This is out of touch with reality, and it has not proved successful in recruiting or retaining talent. On the contrary, it has become a magnet for those who want a UN job only because it pays well.
I get it now. Ordinary People is the story of the Jarrett family, and while Conrad is certainly a part of it, there is far more going on here. The Jarretts, when we meet them, are a family torn apart. The older of the two boys, Buck, was killed in a boating accident, and months later, crippled by guilt, younger son Conrad tries to kill himself, but survives. We pick up the story about a month after Conrad has come home from a psychiatric hospital in which he spent a few months to recuperate both mentally and physically. Naturally, there is still a great deal of tension between him and his parents, Calvin (Donald Sutherland) and Beth (Mary Tyler Moore).
Every now and then, at the end of my acting class in college, someone would stand up and proclaim "Today was my failure day," to which the class would respond with a rousing round of applause.
I have a feeling that the posts dealing with this subject, Islamic Jerusalem, are bound to provoke some people out there, both people who are afraid of a “Judaization of Jerusalem,” as well as people having troubles with the notion of an “Islamic Jerusalem.” Nevertheless, that is going to be the subject for a number of posts, I’m not sure how many, where I’m going to deal with my studies on the subject.
Rnd 2) ch2, 2dc in same st and in each st around, sl st to top of first dc, 22dc
Expect Him to be to you all a gracious and powerful God can be: expect Him to do all a loving Father and infinite God can do.
But the left is vicious and vile and venomous. So it took them no time at all to show their demonic nature.
These are some of the pictures I took this morning.
“For even hereunto were ye called: because Christ also suffered for us, leaving us an example, that ye should follow his steps.”
As soon as they arrive at their destination they were ambushed. Arrows fly at them and Brawny-Warrior Yong Sol fought several men. Our J4R (Joseon F4 Rangers) ride off pursued by another batch of men as they keep shooting arrows.
Nine giant messes,
Joseph Smith had his first vision at fourteen. My goodness that was young! There was something about hearing a story from the perspective of a fourteen-year-old child that made it extra hard to question. Maybe it was the belief that most kids this age are innocent. Maybe it was because we can remember our own childhoods and recall how tender our feelings were then, how optimistic and impressionable we were, how trusting we were of friends
6)Image-making/photography/video/performance around The Book of Mutter. First up: Series around hair imagery, entitled MYTHICAL SUICIDE - photography, video, performance.
I have a lot of items on eBay now because I need to downsize some of the massive amount of stuff that I have in my home. The unfortunate thing is that I'm not selling much. I'm assuming a lot of it has to do with the economy. Maybe other people trying to sell things on eBay aren't selling theirs either. I really need the money. This living from paycheck to paycheck stinks and really wears on my nerves. I'm trying to downsize because I'm supposed to be getting my house ready to put on the market so I can move in with my significant other of 18 years. I have 25 years of stuff that I need to downsize to be able to move in with him into a house that's 125 years old with one closet on the first floor that's about 15-18 inches wide... It's more than overwhelming. But my bills are suffocating me and we're paying 2 mortgages for 2 homes and 2 sets of utilities and all that goes with having 2 separate homes. I just need to get motivated to get everything ready to stick a sign in my yard that says FOR SALE. Overwhelming barely touches how I feel.
I have never been able to find out for myself because I have only ever slept with prostitutes and cannot afford the high class ones.
Recently, I watched two supposed intellectuals snarling at each other with those smug self satisfied smirks they get when they use overly convoluted sentences and barely concealed naked aggression, hoping to distract each other enough so that each would either make a mistake or look dumb during a useless arguement.
If you do hire a highly qualified person, rethink the job description, and look for further ways to use that person’s skills. Perhaps you can delegate some of your tasks or have this person serve as a mentor or lead training sessions. Or you could groom this person for a new position that is likely to open in your organization in the future. I’d always rather “lose” a great employee to another position within the organization than to a competitor.
Right now the Prince and Duchess are in Canada (and soon the US- eek). I saw her on the news today and my heart melted a little. Yes- I wish I was her (or at least looked like- er dressed like her).
What really freaked me out was the ornate doors to Baron Korf's study. They pretty much match the doors I had in my mind for the ones leading to the duke's drawing room in my Scorpius serial. So weird.
3 situation
We got onto this subject because Nick happened to mention that he was involved in the industry initiative known as 'Cyclops', which, although you might think you've never heard of - you probably do know what it is, and here's a visual clue...
Later on that day, we got another phone call. The foster family had just informed the agency that they were through with everything, and they wanted nothing more to do with the agency so the child needed to be out by this time tomorrow. She knew it was a lot to ask, but were we ready to get her tomorrow? They could of course put her in another home for those couple of days, but the ideal thing is to move the children as little as possible. I knew what my hubby would say, but checked with him anyway before telling our worker that of course we would be ready to meet the first member of our foster family the very next day!
But that formula of reality television can only go so far. So the next step: celebreality (thank you, VH1, for that incredible time suck) and vocational reality shows: Dirty Jobs, Project Runway, Top Chef, America’s Next Top Model, etc.
- In Eureka, Nevada, USA, it is still illegal for men with moustaches to kiss women.
The program is 4-5 weeks, BUT because of where Ethan is we are already anticipating the full 5 weeks. After the program ends, Ethan and I are planning on driving down to Houston to spend some time with one of my besties and her family.
The wines in Chile and Argentina were excellent. Surprisingly complex, rich and heavenly, but after two lengthy tastings per day on our trip, all I wanted in the evenings was a refreshing, boozy cocktail (or two). Meet the PISCO SOUR. Have you had one?
Romance, music, and a little humor come together in a new 2:30 minute advertisement for Nike Free Run+. The commercial, released this past Wednesday, tells the story of long-distance lovers who agree to run across the country to each other while singing. The idea is that if you can sing while you run, then you are a strong runner.
When Hannah told the other girls she liked Sam, they reacted with admiration. So she had made the right choice. Maybe she was not a dummkopf. Her friend Mary stuck up for her choice. Mary was blonde and sweet on Laverne, who was truly a wonder in the world of Amish eighth graders. He was easily the best-looking boy in the district. In fact Hannah would have picked Laverne had he not already been taken by Mary. For some reason, it didn’t bother her that Annie, who was in the sixth grade, had her attention on Sam; blushing every time he walked by, but saying nothing.
We see wimps like “Sleep Train” folds like a cheap suit in Rev. Wright’s Racist Church. Is “Sleep Train” an evil corporation, and will the Marxists in the Occupy Movement attack them now? How can so many Americans fold under Political Correctness when we see the damage it has done? Can you say Barrack Hussein Obama? Look at Andrew Breitbart and his recent passing. I will bring him up again, as he fought Marxism till the bitter end.
As I struggle thru chemo I find myself reliving other episodes of survival in my life, particularly ones that required emotional endurance. In the forefront of my mind lately is one of the most difficult chapters of my life -- the saga of my struggle to become a mother.
So - angel that he is - he bore with me for a whole 45 seconds while I clicked away, happy and then we were back en route, relieved, content and in the throws of a discussion about when is a picture not just a picture, and what is a good picture anyway!!
Sánchez DJ, Domingo JL, et al. Maternal and developmental toxicity of manganese in the mouse. Tox Lett 1993; 69: 45-52.
Henry Roth (1906-1995) wrote novels that were always a literary event when published. He’s perhaps best known for Call It Sleep (1934), but he was always highly regarded. Now, fifteen years after his passing, another novel, An American Type, has been published ($25.95, W.W. Norton). Set in 1938, it tells the story of his alter ego, Ira Stigman, who at 32 years of age is standing, in his words, “at the portentous crossroads of maturity.” His first novel has been published to wide acclaim and he is doted upon and provided for by an older women, the alter ego of Eda Lou Walton who was Roth’s lover at the time. In the novel, Ira is experiencing the angst of initial success and keeps re-writing the first pages of a second novel. His relationship with his lover feels like a Faustian contract he’ll never escape, and he is terrified of what stretches out before him. Written in the years before his death, this is a wonderful look inside the life of authors to whom success has come swiftly and unexpectedly. Fans of Roth will enjoy this along with anyone who wants a look inside the life of novelists who must draw on their own lives for inspiration. It is funny, touching, and a lot of fun to read.
I was surprised and very sad when I heard that she's going back to Indonesia for good, but I was glad at the same time too. I knew that Indonesia is her long-term plan, and I am glad that she's finally stepping to the next level of her life. I guess being sad is inevitable when it's a real good friend that's leaving.
I would like to tell you that today's class was a success, and it sort of was. Littles did great as usual, Boog on the other hand.......well not so much. He spent most of his time running around and only participating in what he want to.
Farting on your roommate (it does happen)
By "liking" this spanking attitude, you are glorifying spanking, and if you're hitting your child so hard that you're being sent to jail for it, no matter if it's discipline or not, you SHOULD go to jail! Likely, you've hit your child so hard that you've killed it. Because that's pretty much what it takes to send someone to jail for child abuse.
JERRY SEINFELD: I mean, hey!
This has got to stop…
Interview with Tom Lubin
What were Marie-Antoinette's favorite foods? She was not constantly gorging herself on sweets as depicted in some films. On the contrary, she was quite abstemious and enjoyed good, plain food, as Anna describes in a post. To quote:
So here I present you with the best, the most fascinating, the most delightful series of books in the entire world:
Calves: Left - 16.5"...16"...15.75"...16" Right - 17"...16.5"...16.25"...16"
If you are plus size women, you would surely curse your figure as and when the dress choices become limited. But there is no need to worry as you can help yourself if you have good dressing sense. The dress related would spring up amongst girls as the prom 2010 is nearing. And especially for plus size girls, it is actually a nerve wrecking process to pick the best prom dress that would accentuate their figure.
In hindsight, I had a great time in Philly and a great time running this marathon. Again, the training was the true test though as it was way more difficult than the race itself. Training for a marathon is the true test.
After we ate I finally got to finish the frittatas! To backtrack a little, this is how I made them:
Jan Hammer Crockett’s theme US
A top rocking night was had by all who attended last night's preview - with a punk ledge count that included: Gaye Advert, Don Letts, Andy Czezowski, Shanne Bradley, Knox, Barry Cain and Billy Childish...
I know of 5 people born on my birth day and a few born under the same star sign and I don't really relate to any of them.
Because we believe in generations beyond our own
Palmer commissioned Chinese company CSC Jinlin Shipyard to build the life-sized and fully functional replica of the White Star Line’s infamous ship. He also enlisted the help of a historical research team in drawing up the plans for the vessel, which is set to have the same dimensions as the original Titanic, mirrored interior woodworking and exact reproductions of the original staterooms in the ships interior.
Let me know your thoughts and happy drinking.
Each week we will pick a winner from the palette participants, and announce them the following week, when the next Pretty Palette Challenge is announced.
: : another roll of film was developed, it's like christmas waiting for it , forgetting all that was taken.
Yesterday, I met Tricia Foley for lunch and then we went to Lincoln Center to see the production of War Horse. I can't remember the last time a production so engrossed me. The play, which originated at the National Theater in London, won the TONY for best play of the year--and I don't think anyone could disagree. I am not a theater critic, but the sight of these huge puppets manipulated at times by three and four people, was awesome. The story is about the horses that served in the First World War--some bought from farmers in England. One such horse was beloved by a lad who gets himself into battle to find him. It is based on a children's novel, so I am sure you can figure out the ending. I did find the aspects of war upsetting--but then they should be, shouldn't they? This is not a play where you leave the theater tapping your foot or humming. It is a story that stays in the veins.
So what are you? Are you the result of the body or can you direct the body?
Vivuli sent a couple of his rats into the manor house through an arrow slit on the ground floor. The rats saw no direct signs of life; the ground floor was empty. There were signs of recent armed struggle here and there, including a few bloodstains on the floors and a menacing looking scratch near the secret door to the basement level, but no living thing stirred.
It should come as no surprise that the festive season has been providing song-poets with a bottomless barrel of maudlin sentiment for decades. Along with US Presidents, Elvis and life-threatening diseases or injuries Christmas is easily one of the most popular subjects for budding lyricists. As another Christmas approached your average song-shark would have been rubbing his calloused hands with so much glee it’s a wonder they didn’t catch fire.
We'll dance to the Zigzag music till we're crazy!
Thanksgiving is the one time you can get together with your 9-year old? What, is he the only cardiologist on call? And if you "run out of table before you run out of food," that speaks to your shitty ability to plan a menu, not to Wal-Mart's erupting cornucopia of fresh beans.
5. It won’t happen overnight!!! I don’t care what anyone tries to tell you. It can happen in weeks or months depending on how hard you work and how quickly you master the skills, but it will take time.
This is why it is so important…for your organization…and your leaders…to provide the employees with all of the tools they need…not to eliminate stress…but to handle stress more effectively…
Can you remember watching a play, a ballet or an opera and suddenly the lights faded and the spotlight fell on the main character? You were dazzled at the intensity of the brightness. His or her white garments glowed like an advertisement for Drive, Dynamo or Hurricane washing powders. (Products sold in Australia). Perhaps it might have been an ad for less dynamic sounding brand names like Omo or Earth Choice. Or it might well be that another brand name Radiant would be the best description one could get for the intensity of that light.
Time is running out.
So back in 1978, Brenda heroically tried to brighten up her basement bunker by flinging needlepoint pillows hither and yon. However, despite their striking dimensional effect, her Dritz® Art mini-pillows proved to be no protection when Commie Santa came to town.
As I reflect on that day I see it as a metaphor to a larger reality within our own beloved Church. As Catholics I think many of us concentrate on the mechanics and miss the boat. That is not to say the mechanics are unimportant - the Church facilitates relationships, and we need to carefully keep it "clean" to encourage the spiritual journey to salvation. But we must endeavor with care not to lose the sense of love and brotherhood that marks that journey and gives it meaning. The movement that defined Church as "the people" went too far - structure is integral to its success. But the backlash that concentrates on structure suffers the same error. Our concentration in such thinking is suddenly and necessarily void of the fundamental focus of Christianity - love.
For though they may be parted, there is still a chance that they will see
as roll Royce Olympus engines going into a roar
We went to that point and Island where there is the greatest little Primitive Campground in the world and I told her about the night that Dad, Bruce and I had caught a lot of fish on Rubber Band Trotlines from this very spot.
-I get my sense of significance from ____________.
I forgot to take a picture of the front of the mall.
You don't let fear or anxiety stand in the way. If there's something to be done, you'll do it.
Yeast infections can also come from candida. So, you had better go stand in the Monistat aisle at the supermarket, you, CRAZY BAG O’ DONUTS. You better get to telling all those ladies they’re about to get AIDS. Thanks for explaining the gay to corpse thing. I was always wondering why the best gay bars were right next to the morgue.
Abbie, allthatmakesyou.com
Listen to the chorus mainly peeps…I’m headed to work…and to finally finish my final papers (oh my, I am growing up).
Yeah, it's a little small. But we also don't need tons of space. Yet, it really lacks that walkable factor that is so attractive to us.
So if we start with 0, the next number is 1. The sequence goes like this.
A number of us went to the Feb. 2011 Scoping Meeting. We've been to a lot of these meetings, but there was something really off kilter about this one. I remember turning to my colleagues & saying "something isn't right here". Several weeks later, we learned that State Senator Carl Kruger had been indicted, for among other things, being in cahoots with the developer. That was why things didn't feel right.
When, think you, were fashioned the pillars of that colossal character? Did they spring up to meet the emergencies of fame and power? No! they were sculptured in the sacred quarry of the cradle with that chisel which only a mother’s hand can wield. When we stand in the presence of art’s grandest achievements we feel like bowing before that genius which can take from the hand of nature a block of marble and hew away the chips that hide a waiting angel. But the mother of Garfield took from the hand of God the unformed elements of a human character and shaped them into something it were blasphemy to compare with the proudest creation that ever leaped from the brain of genius a God-like man.
Bus 174 – slow motion apprehension gone awry
7.Cliff Carlisle / Tom Cat Blues
However, I want to be clear that those Pastors, and Youth Coaches are uncles, cousins, fathers, friends of families, and often are known in the community in a positive way.
But I still don't get it.
1 14 ounce can of sweetened condensed milk
It’s unfair to lay all the blame at the door of the creative department. Clients also need to shoulder some responsibility for the steep decline in the quality of output.
Seriously. And again. I say to you all. I’m glad I stuck around. He is rich in more ways than one. Hopefully the richest in love.
It's funny to see the writing turn out this way, because I am understanding more and more why some authors personify their work. I have one author-friend on Facebook who is always saying how cranky her novel is and I think it's hilarious, but really, when you think about it, a novel really is like a spoiled child that shrieks and makes your life miserable if he/she doesn't have his/her way.
While substituting this week, it hit me like a ton if bricks.
Having said that, if you would like to be alerted whenever a new book is on its way so you can enter the "become a character" contest, just add yourself to my email distro list by visiting my website at www.hpmallory.com and click the "contact" tab.
2108.***E-IV/21/2002. On race-related issues and a crippling Political Correctness. (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Letter C-29.)
As a model or actress or star
Here is a tip: apply pressure to the foam when you are cutting. The flatter and more condensed it is, the easier it will be to slice through.
Makeup is minimal, lips are glossed, and hair is only up if it’s raining.
I am not in the best physical condition, and this book has motivated me to get out and try to do something about that—for the kingdom, as well as for me. I encourage every believer who struggles with food or the unwillingness to exercise to read this book. It’s written in a nonjudgmental way, but will remind us that we are created for a purpose and we can better serve this purpose if we are physically fit. Discussion questions are included at the end of the book making it ideal for small groups. $14.99. 241 pages.
The court held that to justify denial of insurance coverage, any misrepresented facts had to be “material” or that respondent engaged in “fraudulent conduct.” The court noted that respondent admitting that some of his sworn testimony had been incorrect did not satisfy the “heavy burden of proof” to demonstrate that the insurance policy had been breached.
Why would anyone not say “Yes!” to their miracle?
I just finished an incredible book, Maps of the Imagination: The Writer as Cartographer. The book draws some interested parallels between writing and map making by describing stories as journeys the author embarks. He also explores the creation process for each; both highlight elements and omit others based on the author's preference. There are different scales used in each craft, different legends or rules, and different purposes. He asks the reader to imagine a map of a town drawn by a 13 year-old vs. one drawn by a architect, a teacher, a black person, a white person. The analogy makes me reconsider the perspective from which I write and the goals I have in mind as I continue the journey of my story.
Farm to Market-S. Congress
Bow tie pasta:
Writing prompts aren't new -- Figment is providing them right now, and you can find lists all over the internet. Some are open-ended, some are specific, some are one word, some are ideas. You can make whatever you want of them -- unless you're writing a drabble, which comes with a few rules.
Well that's all for now. My life really isn't too exciting, is it???
Meanwhile, the men rallied around their leader in an attempt to get close enough to hit him. Singer John Rich serenaded passers-by with his guitar while singer Mark McGrath wondered if methamphetamines could be used as a pizza topping and singer Meat Loaf hugged a customer that somehow recognized him. Baseball player Jose Canseco was predictably steroid-addled, actor/lunatic Gary Busey was predictably crazy and rapper Lil Jon was predictably black. Former teen idol David Cassidy was positively elfin, never quite figuring out how to work a performance of his only hit song “I Think I Love You” into the manufacture of Italian fast food.
So you can see where all this leading. And oil isn’t the only energy-tie we’re talking about here.
Tickers are also noted for writing full and detailed reviews of beers from the smallest of samples. Gatherings are specifically planned for new and rare beers, and bottles are passed around so that every person can taste just a few ounces of a new beer. These activities are only fueled by online rating websites like Rate Beer and Beer Advocate and their competitive point systems.
April 30, 2012
another's misery fails to restore his self-esteem
Choosing the Right Commercial Flagpole
St Patrick’s you will see
Winner: Rodenbach Vintage 2007 - Sweet, Sour, Complex, Stunning dark red colour, goes well with just about any food and comes in a champagne style bottle. What’s not to like?!
Photographic Opportunities
Many states that adopted the TNR method in the ’90s have already seen a decrease in their stray and feral cat population, Williams said.
#87-88: Tuba Museum. Every time I drive from home to East Lansing, I pass this quirky little place that is a tuba museum / restaurant hybrid. And obviously, the Travelers Club International Restaurant and Tuba Museum is known for its middle eastern cuisine. So, my parents visited me and we ate there. I tried babaganoosh for the first time (only known to me as “the name they use in every episode of MXC”) and a bison burger — THAT was incredible! Although the place was run by hippies, and the bathrooms were in terrible condition, I think I’ll go back because it’s just weird enough to work.
I recently ventured to Green Hills, a shopper's paradise...if you have the bank account to spend. I'm not going psycho with spending money on shopping for myself now that I have to budget for an apartment, rent, insurance, and classroom supplies. But a girl can window shop and dream.
One thing that is not including in Shrigley-Watson definition is the means or method of how the end of exploitation and cruelty will be achieved. It does not specify ‘non-violence’, nor does it advocate ‘pro-violence’. It simply encourages us to do it, not how.
Hetalia: 1000
SHUSHYBYE is all about dreams…dreams made especially for children by the Shushies who live in shushybye villages such as Nap Valley, Snore Shore and Slumber Heights. But children have to go to bed on time in order to get their Shushybye dreams. Children make their Dream Wish before they go to sleep. The Shushies make all their dreams then place them in Dream Boxes. Conductor McCloud puts the Dream Boxes on the Shushybye Train and transports them to children as they fall asleep on time.
“This may sound like a killjoy attitude, but it’s vital that you are well prepared – no-one wants to put a dampener on this year’s celebrations, but you don’t want to put your business at risk from costly payouts either.”
Absolute least,
I was at home recently and after a conversation with my wife decided to make some Honeycomb, or cinder toffee as she calls it. I'd never made it before and as an Irish person that closest you're going to get to this is a Crunchie bar unless you had someone to make it for you as a kid.
As the reasons you overspend, or shop compulsively, are many and, often, complex there isn’t a quick cure. However, if you only use cash or debit cards, the harm you can do is minimised. The other key is tracking your spending, that is, write every single cent you spend down.
So when I stumbled upon two talented bloggers who turned the Ikea Jennylund accent chair into swivel -rockers, I was stoked.
The most recent tracking indicates the eye of the cyclone will cross the coast around the midnight time. The core of Cyclone Yasi will cross the coast from about 8pm onwards...
For a bit of discussion and context about Dobzhansky’s famous line “Nothing in biology makes sense except in the light of evolution,” (which isn’t one of my all-time favorites for some reason), go here.
Recommended for those who love ensemble casts of quirky and lovable characters and procedural style shows with supernatural touches.
In addition to studying and investigating different models of journalism, students will be getting first-hand experience in what has been called “grassroots,” “community” and “citizen” journalism by working at WFHB Community Radio in Bloomington. Students will be investigating and reporting on important community issues as part of the WFHB news staff. Community Journalism is a recognized IU service-learning class.
And here she interrupted with a tone of incredulity, "How many steering wheels did your car have?"
Are there ‘safe things’ you say yes to? Are there areas where you could say yes more? to create independence, perhaps letting him serve their own cereal etc.
Something that infuriates me is a certain attitude from the media that bipolar disorder is a over-diagnosed. Now, maybe it is or maybe it isn't, but this attitde creates a culture in which someone who is diagnosed can be treated like someone who is being faddish. You know, in the 70's we had focus groups, now we have medications.
Yes, that's a much simpler solution, Stan, you old fruitcake.
In the meantime, you can add their real names to your pleas to the universe on our behalf, stitched so lovingly onto two beautiful Curious George quilts handmade by a wonderful fellow IF friend and IRL friend from my childhood. First names given by us, second names their beautiful Ethiopian names that will forever be a part of them.
So whilst not quite as diverse as its predecessor, ‘Doll Revolution’, this album is still a worthwhile addition to the Bangles’ catalogue. It shows a determined move away from trying to ‘modernise’ their sound and instead it builds on their strengths of strident retro guitars and Beach Boy harmonies and reinforces their modern psychedelic take on today’s music structures, evoking a late sixties mood which I rather like. In truth it is still growing on me. A keeper.
Have you got much planned for Easter? :)
Be exalted, O God, above the heavens;
In 1976 Philip Rahman met Wandrei at a convention and the two became friends. Three years after Wandrei’s death in 1987, Rahman and his mostly silent partner Dennis Weiler founded the publishing firm of Fedogan and Bremer to issue work by Donald and Howard Wandrei as well as other classic pulp writers.
There are hurdles in marriages, no doubt. But they can all be overcome and won, in Christ. Whether it’s 5 years, 10 years, 20 years, 50 years, any Christian marriage worth the commitment has to have God above it, between it, and all around it. And if the Christian marriage has a purpose, it has a desire; to not let the Devil win. Not let him tear down walls; disrupt the stability of teamwork, God’s plan within the marriage.
A woman returns to China to be by her father’s side after she learns that he has been diagnosed with stomach cancer. (2/10)
Be proactive. Eat as soon as you notice your hunger. Sleep. Yes, there will be times when you won't be able to get as much sleep as you need. But do make sure to sleep when the kids are sleeping. If you do choose to stay up for hours after they go to bed, don't complain to them about how exhausted you are. Take showers. Bring the kids in with you if they are tiny, or put on a movie if it's safe to leave them alone for a few minutes. Use the bathroom in the quiet moments, instead of waiting until you are about to burst. You will be better at everything if you are not needy.
Kid #2 No, I’m eating macaroni salad.
now normally you would start with hello, but were going to leave those till the end,anyway where was i, ahem yes , so after nearly three years blogging for HELLO PROJECT XTREME its time for the blog to come to a close, its not something i decided overnight i might say, it has taken some thought and i do have my reasons.
Clearly, I am not a Dummy.
Actually I did get a kick out of the Penny Black stamp set that I bought. It even looked like something that my brother would enjoy, so I decided to make it into a birthday card for him. He has a very dry sense of humor. Not as dry as mine, which is parched, but dry, nonetheless.
The difference between the gift and the grace of faith seems to me this.
As I was on my way to Tulsa to attend a Women of faith conference, I came across a Cd in my little red tote bag I had brought my clothes in. It wasn't labeled so I had know idea what it was. I asked a friend to put it in the Cd in the player to see if it was some good music. It didn't play anything so I knew it must have been blank or it might be some pictures. So, when I got home I was curious to see what it was.
If anyone has any other great ideas for this hot pepper goodness, please let me know.
But you're going, you're going home.
In the same spirit as Mary Hooper, I would like to give Dickens a course of parenting classes. Although he was deeply wounded by his own experience of being sent away from his family to work in a shoe factory as a child, he packed several of his younger sons off to a boarding school in Boulogne when they were eight, not even allowing them home for Christmas. He was constantly disappointed by his children - possibly because he never really bothered to get to know them. He said himself that he had only wanted three children, and his response to having ten seems to have been to send them as far away as he could as soon as he could: one was packed off to Australia, another to India, another to China. Or on second thoughts, perhaps some instruction on contraception might be just what he always wanted!
Try letterboxing in your own backyard by setting up a mini course.
They all have difficulty with the back stroke, so Miss Alex finally just took them out of the water and had them practice standing up:
Official total: 530 matches 805 goals
Obviously I am not 4 anymore, but the candles represented the 4 years over 30 that I now am.
in this,
Among the thirty-six cribs, Ayshe found 6 year old Gursel tied up with hands blue from lack of circulation. She looked into his eyes. One eye was half-closed and glazed over. She smiled anyway and reading his name from the paper pasted above his bed, she addressed him. He blinked and turned his head to focus with his other eye. His skin was bluish and body little more than a skeleton.
“Reading again? You are so l…”
For potato cake:
So did the Israelis then try and convict him of the war crimes committed by his “alter identity”? No. The courts ruled that for one, his extradition was for the specific charges, and that they would honor the strict conditions of the extradition and release him back to the United States. And for two, a retrial on lesser charges would, under the circumstances of that particular case, violate the principles of double jeopardy as defined by the Israeli legal system. By then, much of the furor over Ivan the Terrible had died down.
Maybe the relish with which you wield your panga knife on that innocent carcass is a form of stress relief for you, I don't know. But what I do know is that I am fed up of finding out that my meal is more bone than chicken and, not only that, but getting shards of splintered chicken bone stuck into my gums with every tentative bite.
An’ we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing
However, some time during my insane whirlwind trip to Babies R Us, my little guy did something amazing. He farted twice and pooped. I know this sounds really dumb but, I have never been so relieved to hear that farting and pooping allowed him to smile, take his 5pm bottle and fall fast asleep, no pacifier needed. I got home and broke down and realized in that moment how much I really, truly love my son. I didn't care what i had to do as long as he was OK. I know to many-a moms out there, this seems like common sense and and over reaction to probably a mild case of constipation and gas but, I don't care because I have never been so scared in my life.
The same applies to us. Our physical body lives in three-dimensional space but our spiritual body extends far from its material manifestation, experiencing the far reaches of space — to its parent star and beyond to the Absolute. As an inseparable part of the Absolute, our higher spiritual aspects are multidimensional. But we earthbound human beings, limited as we are by three-dimensional consciousness, cannot see with the clear eye of the spiritual self. Focusing on our physical body, we cannot understand the effect of our spiritual selves upon our health, relationships, and destiny.
Squirrel Friends in the backyard who love peanuts.
This ''Raging Bitch'' is a keeper!!
You may have a personal injury case if you or a loved one is injured or killed. It is important to call a lawyer if you think you might have a claim. That lawyer will honestly discuss your potential claim and help you determine if you have a case.
Today news was out that the UK high court has decided that TPB is "massively infringing on copyright". The facts that no copyright is being infringed upon here at the site was not a welcome fact, so that w...as ignored apparantly.
The Meanings of “Indian Blood”: Perspectives on Race and Identity
But what was the name of this song, and who was the singer? I squinted at the screen, hit rewind and squinted some more, but couldn't make out a single word. That beautiful song, that soulful singer were gone.
We're like that in our family - all derivative in the ways of household appliances.
Then a tickle on her skin, his back legs pushed forward
So I look for the cracks in those stone hearts, as they roll along through life.
The Nokia 808 Pure View shoots full 1080p HD video at 30 frames per second. The video includes the same zoom feature as with taking a normal photograph allowing zooming whilst keeping the same quality. It is also possible for the video camera to be paired with Nokia’s Dolby headphone technology that changes sound into surround sound. This means it is great for making short films and the possibilities are endless for a film-maker. Nokia also promises ‘CD quality’ sound recording which adds for professional sounding video. Check out the video below explaining how it all works.
I always meet my authors in person or on skype. That way I can tell what sort of person they are off the bat and if we would get on. You get a feeling about these things.
A “near certainty,” indeed. Just five days after Whitmer published this analysis, Portugal’s government officially requested a bailout, and, one month later, it got one.
Being in Iceland had mixed emotions for me. Despite the grey skies, cold weather and pelting rain it made me want to visit again, it’s a beautiful country with lovely people and the most amazing landscapes to drive around. One example made me feel sad for how far the country’s financial state had fallen, in 2006 when I visited it was £1 to 13 Kroner, it’s now £1 to 194 Kroner.
Repercussions: The trouble with this observation is that it all too often leads to reactionary extremes
Once, I was lost for half an hr. in the Apex ski resort area after Jack trooped off further to explore a trail. I thought I could easily return back to the hotel. Within 40 min. of snowshoeing solo, I faced virgin snowy fields ringed by mountains. If it weren’t for the unseen whine of snowmobile machines, I would have been unable to flag someone later for simple directions. Meanwhile Jack had already arrived at the hotel downhill and headed back onto the trail at sunset when he realized I had not returned yet.
So here’s what I think about the book:
Then they accused of ‘stealing the bakkie’. I told them it was my employer’s bakkie. I gave them his grandmother’s telephone number. He was deliberately humiliated, being ordered to SIT DOWN ON THE FLOOR next to the row of empty chairs in the charge office. He repeatedly asked if he could make a phone call.It was repeatedly refused. Then he saw between eight and ten cops assaulting a man in the charge office. “They even threw him against the wall’. One officer waved a switchblade-knife in front of his face and threated to cut him if he did not ‘confess that he had stolen the bakkie’. “I told them to call the owner. I was terrified, did not know what was going to happen. He said the other police officers ignored the illegal actions of their comrade. One of the officers in the charge office said ‘his blood must be drawn’ but this never happened.
But I can spread dreamy almond butter on aannnnyyyyything (which also can be a bit unfortunate).
(And I have to ask – what’s with Cam Gigandet? I have seen him in three movies in the past three months, and I STILL don’t recognize the guy. Total charisma suck.)
Clearly, there are many more jobs that involve some higher degree of risk than there are those that involve little or no risk at all.
9/25/2008 - Asheville, NC - the Orange Peel
For promo copies, interview requests and all other press materials & inquiries:
I picked up this excellent Lp this past weekend knowing absolutely nothing about the band, however I did notice that this record was on the Guardian label who also brought us the might Mythra.
We checked out the arcade while waiting for my turn to come up. Isabel immediately headed to the skee ball lanes. Its in her blood. Both Sean and I like skee ball. Our old Friday night date night back in our pre-hitched days was for Sean to drive up to my house from Lawrence, and we’d head out for dinner and then go to PowerPlay….which was basically the more run down/cheaper version of Dave & Busters. Yeah….we were pretty wild and crazy. Then we’d spend most of our time (and money) trying to out do each other on skee ball. So I took a few minutes to show Isabel the basics….
One hundred senators, 435 congressmen, one President, and nine Supreme Court justices equates to 545 human beings out of the 300 million are directly, legally, morally, and individually responsible for the domestic problems that plague this country.
Eric Wang, Pharm.D. Candidate
He didn’t say another word. I sprang up and thrust the frame so violently into his jaw that it cracked, uncovering the jagged edge of cheap glass beneath it. The single thrust from my blow was enough to slice right through both jugulars on either side of his now-distended face and literally covered me in his wretched blood. He fell forward on top of me, dead. Pinned by the weight of his lifeless body, I was unable to move.
"Of course you can. One letter at a..."
I lost all my Etsy shop photos and photos I was going to edit to list new items.
All the best to all of you for a week of tall tales.
Lifeboats For the Dead. This hardly ever gets a mention which is a shame. I know Furtheron likes this song a lot, probably more than any other, but in the scheme of things it doesn't get a look in. It's a song about a dream that I had about my dad who died ten years before. It was my first dream of him. I recall that I was out and about getting my wife's ring mended and I was thinking at the time how much I wanted to write a song that featured a 'magic ship' and Bam! Right between the eyes floods back a 'closure' dream that I'd had a while ago about my old man. The lyric accurately reflects everything in that dream. Nothing was made up. I rushed back to my desk and wrote it down really fast. And cried. Great big sobs. I sent it to Sam and asked for his opinion. He suggested that it had great quality. I took it home and showed it to Mrs. Axe and watched her shoulders heave upon finishing it. Sam then demo'd it and I cried my eyes out at it. It seemed to bring my old man to life again in the song. Then it kind of suddenly died, just like him. Nobody wanted to touch it. "Let's just leave it alone as an acoustic song" they said. I was heartbroken. I shall be forever indebted to the lads for recording this song and for putting it on the album as the closing track. I still cry out loud every time I hear it, and I am more than delighted at having sung backing vocals on it. Thanks lads. From my heart.
The education that we purchased upon entering college is just that, a commodity that we can tack onto the tops of our resumes in the hope of looking appealing to future employers. We have essentially purchased the connotation that goes along with the school that we attended. College doesn’t necessarily prepare you for the workforce, it doesn’t help you with job placement or offer in-depth apprentice-type experiences in the field of your choice (leave that to external internship and summer programs).
Returning the contract
That’s all that I have for now….right now I’m reading Bethenny Frankel’s Skinnydipping….stay tuned for my review soon!
There’s an ordinance in Chicago that says you have to give me 24 hours notice before showing my apartment to potential tenants. So what happens when you don’t? Well, my bed may not be made and my clothes may be on the floor. And you’re going to have to deal with it.
We all know that the wine growers of the Languedoc need every bit of help that is going to get their wines better known, and you would expect that the port of entry for many of the visitors to the region would be suitably supportive. There is after all that large sign in the airport, welcoming us to the largest vineyard in the world. So what would you expect them to be serving at the new restaurant? How about an imaginative range of wines from the region, perhaps featuring a wine or two of the month, to illustrate the wonderful variety of the Languedoc?
Following an alarming decline during the 1950s and 1960s, this spectacular falcon, also called the “Duck Hawk,” is on the increase again, now that DDT and other pesticides that caused thinning of eggshells have been banned. After an intensive program of rearing birds in captivity and releasing them in the wild (a process called “hacking”), this large falcon is reclaiming nesting grounds from which it disappeared a few decades ago. Although their habitat is mainly open country, especially along rivers and coasts and near lakes, a favorite nesting site nowadays is a tall building or bridge in a city. These urban Peregrines subsist mainly on pigeons.
But what happens when you reach a certain age? All the sins of your past assemble in a single spot and assault you at once. It was once possible for me to breeze through life no matter what was thrown up with no other help than a nose-peg and cunning intelligence. Now, laxity is itself the problem.
101. Lay really like to talk ‘Yes, of course.’
Asparagus with garlic sauce…
26-30
And have never done,
If Jesus was crucified on a Wednesday, the first night and first day that Jesus was in the tomb would be Thursday; second night and second day would be Friday, and third night and third day would be Saturday. The fourth day when the tomb was discovered empty would be Sunday.
Some (possibly many) of you may never have had the 'opportunity' to spend time in Americas 'urban' neighbourhoods, but I will tell you that my ex grew up in one as part of a financially disadvantaged family, and the first years of our relationship saw me spending a fair amount of time visiting in 'the hood', overhearing things rather like what the kids on Ghetto Hikes say.
Other ideas I love: anything outside in a huge field or on a lake. My sister has a lake with a deck that I always think would be perfect for a photographer to be able to take a shot from... but I'm not sure about the logistics of it all!
Sick of this Animal Farm crap.
Despite Wednesday's agreement, Beijing demanded that the United States apologise for what it called "interference" in its affairs. "China is very unhappy over this. The US action is an interference in China's internal affairs and China cannot accept it," Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Liu said. (Yahoo) A servile US official obsequiously assured our red overlords that “there would be no repeat of the incident.”
can make them look so different every time!
And once that's done? Why, it's just a matter of updating the whole thing to the Cloud, that I may access my agony in any venue I should so choose. Hooray.
VIJAYA: She is a leader, a captain, and her responsibility is to keep crew and passengers alive and well. But she also hide deep wounds. She didn’t do so good in her private life. She is fleeing from an overbearing father and running away from a disastrous marriage. She swore she would never let a strong man control her life again. Yet she is a lover and an optimist to a fault. She wants to believe that this planet is their lucky break despite the tragedy that befell them. It takes her a while to realize that the hero was right, and their situation is not exactly what it seems...
I have spent the last two days doing what any sensible person does when confronted by exhaustion, boredom, brain atrophy, conflict and an excess of poo: eat. Eat and eat and fucking eat. Mainly crisps and chocolate and Laughing Cow sandwiches. I cannot eat in front of the children because they always want my stuff and I hate sharing my food. So each day I go between my jobs to the same bench in the same little park and eat to just this side of vomit. It's not big or clever, but it feels like ballast against the oncoming storm. If one's stomach is full, it's hard to feel anything much. I know it's not the answer, but it stops the questions, for the time being.
I do this thing with clothes though, particularly pieces I'm especially fond of. I tend to attach a specific memory to them. Apparently this is not a recent development in my psyche, as my mother will tell you that I'm notorious for saying, whenever she mentions something that occurred years and years ago, "Oh, sure. I remember that day. I remember the outfit I was wearing, actually." This memory association isn't necessarily a bad thing, of course. I still look fondly at the sweater I wore through-out my backpacking days, ten years ago, and doubt I'll ever be able to get rid of the thing. I know which dresses I wore to friend's weddings, I recall certain outfits I wore on important events in my life - big, like job interviews, and small, like meeting a new friend for dinner, hoping we become as good of friends as I imagine we could be. Even when filling up a donation bag for Goodwill recently I had fond memories of the clothes I bid farewell to - the khaki shorts I wore while traveling in Costa Rica, the flannel shirt I'd worn up in Maine with friends, the one I'd accidentally shrunk in the wash once I returned to the city.
Usually, I'm weaving scarves on the rigid heddle loom. That means I end up judging how much warp to weave into the header (for later unweaving) and how much to leave unwoven at the other end, so that there is sufficient warp leftover for fringe. Typically, for me, one end is entirely used up, and the other end gets about an inch trimmed off of it to match it up. I suppose if I took notes and measured, I could even get rid of that inch -- but my weaving stays more casual than controlled, so I've not kept a notepad handy in my weaving kit. There is a tape measure there, though.
Dragon's Milk - New Holland Brewing
Two songs from Schumann’s 1849 Spanische Liebeslieder opened the programme. ‘Bedeckt mich mit Blumen’, for two sopranos, made for a slightly staid opening, but ‘Blaue Augen hat das Mädchen’, for tenor and bass, proved livelier, the captivation exerted by the girl’s blue eyes for the two protagonists readily apparent. I am sorry to say that I have never heard, or indeed played, a piece by Clara Schumann I have wished to re-encounter, and this piano Romance, op.11 no.1, offered not exception. It was actually a better piece than many I have heard from her, but it proved four-square, repetitious, and unadventurous harmonically, never rising above the generically Romantic: pleasant enough, if you like that sort of thing. Alas, I cannot report on the respective contributions of the two pianists, or indeed of particular singers, by name, since the programme gave no indication as to which was which, or to who was performing what.
So why are we paying only 59.99$ retail? As development costs sky rocket seemingly with no end in sight, how can we expect to pay less to game then most past generations did?
Today is another crafting kind of day. I found myself working on perfecting the cutting file for that "floating frame" It's almost there. I usually always cut practice/ prototype files. I think after the next cut everything will fall into place.
A symposium for social workers, recreational therapists, care providers, artists, and seniors. On May 16th from 10 am – 4 pm at Ivy Tech Community College. To register, fill out the application here or contact the Ivy Tech Center for Lifelong Learning at 812-330-6041.
I was adorable, cute and fun...*cough*
Our score is posted on the easel next to the ring. We scored a 193. A fine score.
I can tell Justin Pringle is a guy who's taken a look at all the competition around him then decided to do something completely different. This is admirable. He's a beer geek entrepreneur, and maverick completely fascinated by flavour and that's not just in beer.
“Too easy!” I scoffed.
02. Kingston Caribe
I'm done with the lies and the deceit. I'm done with what I now realize may have been years of emotional abuse and allowing him to control my life. I'm done with having to check-in when I'm out with my girlfriends or working late. I'm done with the fact that my family never really liked you. I'm done with you not allowing me to see my own self-worth. I'm done with the not-so-secret accounts that I've found out about. I'm done with the infidelity. I'm done with the accusations even though you were the one out there having all the fun. I'm done with the games. I'm done with the sneaking around. I'm done with him acting like he didn't see one of my girlfriends at 3:30am in the morning. Yeah...if you're reading this...you're so busted on that one. I'm done with needing to call him when I need something fixed. The Biscuits have already volunteered their husbands for various activities if and when I need help around the house. (Don't get it dirty y'all...one is a techie, one is handy, and one knows his automobiles!) In fact, I'm damn proud of myself for fixing my light post by my driveway and re-setting my own furnace when I woke up and it was 62 degrees in my house. I'm done with all of the incredible things that I have found out over the last two weeks. But since I'm a classy girl, I am not going to share all of that with you guys. All I will say is that the new information proves one thing...CERTIFIABLE!
Companies who rely on BGAs and IMOs to provide training pass up the opportunity to manage their company’s message in the process. While there are undoubtedly cost savings realized with this strategy, there are hidden costs associated with offloading this important function to an outside organization that should be considered. Less than 60 percent of independent producers think that the product training they are receiving from a BGA or IMO is very good or excellent; in the area of sales training, the percentage drops to about half.
-2 1/2 pounds potatoes, boiled and skinned, then pressed through a ricer
I am lucky enough to be guest designing for them this week and today I get to show you what I made with this gorgeous image called Doctor Tobey! He and all the others will be released on the 10th April :)
What do you think? Doesn't this scripture give us the best promise and good news ever?
The problem with CPM is it doesn’t close the loop — directly linking the impression to the desir­ed behav­ior (typically a purchase). Online and offline, organizations forge links between the number of impressions and purchasing behavior in a way that involves lots of assumptions (such as that an impression has one direct effect — purchase stimulation — rather than a variety of possible effects — tell a friend, improved opinion of the product, long-term attitude change, and so on).
It was all spectacular – no fussing, just totally good days, followed by even better nights that included sessions that started in the hot tub
Is that the free market? Or do facts not matter?
Now it may not look like much but I have to say that it was utterly divine. The vegetables were tender but had a nice crunch on the top and the flavour from the stock and herbs was just mouth wateringly tasty. I ate mine with peas and I just loved it.
That pleases me to no end.
NOTE ON BASMATI: This is the best method for long-grain rice that I’ve found, always producing individual, and not-mushy grains of rice. Bring a large pot of salted water to the boil. Allowing 1/2 cup of uncooked rice per person, add rice to water (no need to rinse it ahead of time). For white basmati, cook at a boil for about 10 minutes; for brown basmati, boil for about 20. Turn off heat. Drain rice through a fine sieve, leaving a bit of the cooking water on the rice (that is, no need to drain really really well). Put back into the pot, cover with the lid and let it sit for about 10 minutes to ‘steam’ (although you’re not really using any more heat to cook it except for the heat of the pot and rice itself).
“What do I do,” I asked rolling the box over in my hand like a Rubik’s cube.
1/2 cup (0.118L) of fresh lime juice
154. Coming across fun new arts and crafts ideas
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you,” with that, Andy put her hand over Olivia’s mouth and began climbing up the bed and into the bunk. She got next to Olivia in the bed, keeping her hand over her mouth the whole time. There was barely room for the two of them in the small bunk. The big woman had her leg between Olivia’s legs, her thigh firmly pressing Olivia’s thigh and moving her leg up and down along Olivia’s legs.
11) Through the door, I heard my classmate say, “Hey, Stephanie? Are you ok?”
Krewe of Okeanos: Okeanos is the Greek god of oceans and valleys -very important when your city is perched on the edge of the Gulf.
to raise our understanding and overall IQs,
Big Bottoms
Oh happy boy with untaught grace!
On April 14, 2012 Fuel Chicago will be hosting a Rummage Sale to continue our mission to raise funds for the Dominican Republic. We have raised about $2000 thus far with a goal of just over $10,000 by June. Please watch the video and reach out to us if you can help in any way. Thank you. Have a blessed day.
Format: Invasion is a sci-fi/mystery/government espionage YA novel. It stands at 320 pages and was published by Thomas Nelson on January 4th, 2011. It is the first book in a series known as C.H.A.O.S.
He is easily distracted. I think it is a boy thing...kinda spacey in a cute, unintentional kind of way.
One of the biggest gifts God has ever given me (aside from salvation and my husband) is the gift of Taliah. She is the joy and grace of God embodied in our household! 2 years ago on July 29, 2008 we brought her home to be a part of our forever family, and I am and will be forever grateful!
I blared heavy metal ¦¦¦¦
Doubt is always around the corner, and my fear for death over stupid miscalculations.
American Crafts Buttons - Neutrals
I've not posted since the Christmas holidays. It's simply been too busy. This seems paradoxical, as we've had extended periods of being snowed in, but at that point we had nothing much to report. Since the thaw, we've probably gone a bit overboard with activity to make up for the prolonged Christmas veg-out.
Although MFS has been successful in Tujijenge, there are key lessons to be learned from this implementation. What was evident from the study was that customer awareness and training is key. Tujijenge did invest a lot of time training clients, conducting training at each group meeting, and creating informational pamphlets with simple language. Literacy levels in Tanzania are quite low, leaving a question over the success of the training and pamphlets, and whether clients had to struggle to understand the product, which would affect how easily and quickly they trusted the system.
Russ: “Would you repeat that for me, Will?”
I tried to reach behind the cabinet, but there wasn't enough room. Laverne crouched at the other end, just waiting, tail swishing.
Hey there and welcome back to the latest episode of whatever this train wreck happens to be! This week on Epic Beer Time (which is 100% a name steal from Epic Meal Time and nowhere close to being as good as that epic show)...
Earlier....
Add the eggplant cubes and toss to coat the eggplant with the spice mixture.
When I had the regular job I wasted 3 times as much money.
IN any case… we found out fairly early that Hope was ‘in jeopardy’… no real surprise. And then we learned that, horror of horrors, JR MArtinez was also in jeopardy. The hosts are quick to point out taht this doesnt necessarily mean these dancers were both in the bottom.
March 13, 2012; $22.99 US/$26.50 CAN; 978-1250000958
Singer, “Take That”
Kelly told me today that I had to do a blog post as she was bored of stopping by and seeing a pile of Enid Blyton books so I thought it best I get on with it!
Say I am on vacation and I take my camera along because anticipating you will see is impossible (even while planning your itinerary). Besides, who does not take a camera when planning to do so many fun things? I mean, that is a given. Even if it is the old Polaroid camera!
The apricot is strong, you can smell it right when you pop the cap off. The first sip is fruity and I have heard some complain it tastes too much of apricot to their liking but I disagree, I think it it takes the bitterness away from it and allows for quick drinking that you would get from some other beers combined with the distinct tastes you get from microbreweries. This is the beers strength and weakness. That heavy apricot taste is great for your first beer. It drinks easy and has no bitter after taste. You will down it quick, feel good and look for another beer.
I am actually rather surprised this didn’t make ‘The Orange Longlist’ this year but it was one of the Waterstones 11 and has been picked up by Richard and Judy latest book club (and might just have been submitted for another award – I think I can share that with you, oops maybe not) so I am sure it will be getting much more attention and it deserves it. It is definitely one to read if you loved ‘One Day’ by David Mitchell, as I mentioned, and also if you like the bittersweet. Which debut novel have you read recently which has rather bowled you over? Has anyone else read ‘When God Was A Rabbit’ and what did you think?
but the sun
When it comes to sex, that too has evolved. We have birth control and the sexual revolution came around a long time ago. We can have sex with whoever we want pretty much whenever we want. I admit sex is certainly better with someone you love, but it’s totally do able without love. Fun too.
This past weekend I spent in Sonoma, California. My cousin Trish was married! It was a beautiful ceremony and out-of-this-world delightful reception!
My need for appetising lunches at work is really the only thing on my mind right now so it's about time it was reflected in my book shelf. I bought a copy of The Just Bento Cookbook because I adore the blog. I was a little hesitant. I don't do much buying of non-vegetarian cook books at the moment, I can't really afford to buy something I'm not going to use the hell out of, but I took the chance. Based on the blog and the cover I assumed that the meat dishes where going to be a small portion of the book rather than the main event. There are lots of vegetarian and vegan recipes in here, I'm very happy to be right.
I have a brother and two sisters and yes, they were also unschooled.
The disruption, of course, is aimed at more than the general population. The strikes and other unannounced work stoppages cause electricity and water service outages frequently. Many of these are deliberately timed for late afternoon, to maximize discomfort for tourists checking into hotels, for restaurants preparing evening meals (it’s tough to cook and wash dishes without electricity or hot water), for merchants trying to make sales at the peak shopping time of day (electronic cash registers and inventory systems go “down” when the power fails), and so on.
SF) Three irreplaceable visual art values that are useful for the human cohabitation? / Tre valori insostituibili che l'arte può dare alla coabitazione umana?
Monika
A Southern winner in battle of brews
At which point Dick said to me, “You know what this is all about, don’t you?”
Christians should not be surprised by this trend, but we should take note as we deal with our children (Eph 5:15-16). As more and more of our kid’s generation become deadbeats there will be a general expectation that this type of lifestyle will be accepted in your house (1 Cor. 15:33-34). You will have to work harder to reinforce your expectations that they grow to be independent.
Matt picked up a bottle of Disaronno a couple of weeks ago and I sort of love it. It's a fruity amaretto with a bittersweet almond taste. I'm not always in the mood for a strong drink, sometimes I want something sweet. Plus, I love the almond flavor. It reminds me of bear claws on Saturday mornings at the bakery.
Also, the map suggests that the Barclays Center arena extends barely halfway between Fifth and Sixth avenues, rather than quite close to Sixth. Similarly, it suggests that the arena extends south from Atlantic Avenue barely past Pacific Street, rather than nearly to Dean Street. (See photo below left of the arena, from the Barclays Center Facebook page.)
Take care and see you soon! Vivian
peoplepeoplepeoplepeoplepeoplepeoplepeoplepeoplepeoplepeoplepeoplepeop
The sun is falling from the sky on rain drops on a leaf
Based on the caramel's consistency, I thought it would be a bad idea to pipe it, so I just used a spoon to place a glob of approximately one teaspoon in mid-cupcake. I reminded myself they were supposed to be turtles, and part of their turtle-y charm would be based on a casually careless look.
productions and visual art, as her April road tour, ‘Double Exposure’ takes her across the US.
listing the things you mean to me
I grabbed a few to start with, they definitely weren't as cute as the Motherhood ones, but I liked the price much better. Well, the ones I started with, were disastrous!! So awful, ugly feeling, walrus feeling!! Basically toooooo small. So I went back for some more. I finally found a Tankini top to fit my boobs and it actually feels nice around the growing belly---not tight at all---right now!----and a little skirt bottom!! Never thought I'd be wearing a skirt swimsuit bottom, but it is really quite nice! So I had my two pieces and went back just to make sure I had the right sizes so I grabbed the same things just in different sizes. I ended up going a bit bigger with the skirt bottom and stayed with my original top. The top is black with magenta polka-dots, and the skirt is just black. So, even though, I know I don't look like a '10', I definitely felt like a '10' from what I first started with.
Mark: I'm pretty sure he had sex with animals.
Because my thought was not put inside.
We wanted to let you know that we've removed your review of Susie's Cafe. Your review was flagged by the Yelp community, and our Support team has determined that it falls outside our Content Guidelines (http://www.yelp.c...) because it contains inappropriate content.
The three chefs, all who have outdoorsy-type experience, are sent to remote locations in order to forage, hunt, and then cook inspired dishes with native ingredients using only the most primitive of cooking methods and the most basic culinary equipment and spices supplied (basically knives, pans and cooking vessels, salt and pepper only, no electric appliances allowed).
Maybe this lack of straightforwardness leads to a strong preference that hardens into a rule (the “one right way” fallacy). Maybe unfamiliarity fuels the presumption of wrongness. Whatever the causes, a weird cult of correctness has built up around different from that excludes alternatives. It is, as Lynne Murphy puts it, “the only variant that is universally considered to be ‘correct’ by the people who make declarations about such things”. Presumably for this reason, CGSAE recommends sticking with different from “for Formal and Oratorical levels”.
Grabbing a seat at Latte, I tried some tasty eggs and whipped-off three free postcards to pass the time. Tani called to announce he’d gotten off the train and could come meet me. “Where are you?” I asked, excited to find him up the street. “I’m at 116th and Broadway,” he replied, “right by Columbia University.” He’d taken the #1 instead of the #2 or #3 as I’d written down. But, as per usual, he couldn’t read my chicken scratch so he copied the directions in his own hand. “I forgot that part,” he said. Feeling anger well-up inside, I walked the way I had just come.
With a derisive snort, he turned from her and made his way out...
If you choose to donate, consider giving them to your local Salvation Army, or perhaps even a shelter or orphanage in town. Many of these organizations will even pick up your donations for you.
WHEN WE ARE REALLY SEEKING TO KNOW GOD BETTER, AND WANT TO GET CLOSER TO HIM, WHEN OUR EYES ARE OPENED AND WE BECOME TRULY AWARE OF WHAT GOD’S/JESUS’ LOVE AND FORGIVENESS REALLY ARE,…IN AND BECAUSE OF OUR FREEDOM,…WE KNOW THE TRUE MEANING OF “THANKFUL”,…Why does He do this?,…Because it’s HIS NATURE,…and GOD IS LOVE!!!
The image of life as an apple tree came to me. I have been so afraid, of the other people around the tree, and of the tree itself, that I have rushed at it, collided with it and bruised myself on it, snatched at it so that I carry away nothing, or a dry twig, or some dead leaves. Whereas I may walk to it. The other people around it wish me no ill, and are no threat. The angry and fearful voices are just wraiths. I may go to the tree, and find the apple which feels to me most beautiful- not that which my intellect assesses as best, but my mature emotional being. It is ripe, and if I touch it in the right way it will come off in my hand.
So, Merry Fucking Christmas, children! Welcome to Uncle Franko's blog where we tell the shit like it really is. Approved for your use by The Blog Readability Test algorithm and the half-wits who cobbled that stupid shit together while they were stoned on something truly mind-altering.
Despite her abysmal attempts at street performing, Raka falls in love with Seeta while for no real apparent reason, Seeta falls in love with him. Although to be fair he is probably the first person she has met who is as self-absorbed about his orphan status as she is, and their shared misery does create a bond. Their wedding is set, as is Geeta’s to Dr Ravi but of course the path of true love never runs that smoothly and there is still the confusion between the two sisters to sort out. Although Raka tries to save the day, in the end it’s Geeta with a little help from her sister who proves that anything a Bollywood hero can do, a heroine can do even better. It’s all totally crazy, over the top and Hema seems to have an excellent time beating up all the bad guys in the fight scenes.
Commanding General, U.S. Army Materiel Command (‘01-‘04)
Landscape (horizontal) orientation
This is just a stop on a way where I'm going,
They were surrounded by green. Everyone was. Everyone out on this delightful day, anyway. The sun had decided to grace the sky this past week, and oh how the nature was drinking it up. A small shower of rain was coming to an end, the last droplets glittering against the sunlight as they fell– only to dry up against the warm earth soon after. Raphael squinted against this sun, raking a set of long fingers through an even longer head of full hair. The red-brown strands, likely in need of a washing, tossing against his neck before it settled back down a small ways past his shoulder blades. The man didn’t look as pleased as everyone else seemed to be. A boot sheathed toe prodded forlornly a small puddle; it was all that remained from the rainy day, and this of course was no good. Raffy, as he was called for short, grimaced as he trudged on. The park was filled with families, littered with animals, and frothing over the edge with children. Well, at least there was that gain in this mess of an afternoon. He’d find himself, hands tucked away firmly in the pockets of his long overcoat, sinking down on a bench beneath a tree (it was positioned by the sandbox). At least the shade would block out the sun, and cast a necessary shadow over his face that did the job of masking the crooked smirk and the gleam in his green eyes. The birds chirped overhead, flirting with each other as they skipped across branches or landed by his feet. He wasn’t paying attention to them, soon his gaze would be caught up with a trio and a white cat.
As you can tell, we cursed a bit on my playground. And to be honest, everything I learned about character I learned from my father first – life just has a way of reinforcing its truths. And it’s really never more honest than it was in the beginning, before people start holding their tongues to stay polite.
The cards were good reminders for me…I put them on the refrigerator, the bathroom mirror, in my car…anywhere I would be reminded to just give “scary things” a try…things such as keeping going when I get confused or overwhelmed, speaking up in larger meetings, showing that I’m vulnerable, setting limits about how much I’m willing to do…those ordinary kinds of concerns.
I can only assume that, as parents, we want our kids to have a better and easier life than we did. You can define "better" and "easier" in a variety of different ways, but I think that a "better" life means a happier life, a life that you enjoy, a life that is fun, a life that gets up every morning and pulls you into it even when you think you'd rather not. If I don't have one of those lives myself I can make changes to get there, but I may have a ton of reasons why I shy away from doing that much work. I may have to sacrifice my possessions, my security, or the way I am perceived in order to pursue a life that I would love. But kids . . . . kids don't have that baggage yet. They can choose joy and fun and happiness without feeling like they have to sacrifice anything to get it, because they're often not as intellectually invested in the trappings of life - their sole interest is in living and enjoying it.
She definitely came to the right place, ha! There was no way I was going to let this gorgeous top go to waste.
2012 Numbers
-- Thenton Tower And Basement
She saw her father kissing me.
Seeking plumbers in Liverpool is vital when you renovate any part of your kitchen or get a modern bathroom with all the modern facilities. Most of the people do not pay attention in getting plumber services. But the fact is that plumbers in Liverpool are the need of the hour to fix all plumbing issues effectively and within your budget. Rapid development is going on in the city and moreover this popular city area are developing with hoard f industries and living areas so seeking a good plumber service here is not a big deal. The plumber jobs are enough here for those who are having knowledge and experience in this field.
If there is one thing I get asked at markets, it's how do I make a little quilt from charm squares. And I would always send people off to other people's tutorials. But here it is. Finally. At last. How I make my quick charm square quilts. No nonsense. Just basic steps. I'm no quilt expert but this is how I do it and it works well for me.
Wal: Ok so here’s the thing. I came to know recently that the polar bear was interested as well. And you know…. I kinda have a thing for her…. And I dunno… Not like I realllly want to do this you know. Anyway, I have endured this camp easily enough and can easily claim a place in the wagon for myself. I dunno.. I think I should let her continue the job the Narwhal did.
To all the mothers out there, "A Very Happy Mother's Day". You guys rock all the time. Without you life will be empty absolutely. This is for both my mom n mom-in-law the two special people who remind me of the happiness to be a mother. I hope I will join you both next year to celebrate Mother's day.
I hope to come back to this subject, but meanwhile point you to this interesting description of developments in a jurisdiction which, by standing back for a while, had the opportunity to observe what the rest of us were doing before introducing its new discovery rules.
Combine separately and add to dry ingredients:
I was inspired to paper piece this scarecrow after I saw Kim Score's adorable creation that you can view here. I'm tellin' ya, that Kim is one creative lady, and I absolutely love everything she does!!!! Thanks so much for the inspiration, Kim!!!
Michael Dunnagan can’t blame Annie for her anger, because he feels it too. Why would God save a street rat while a good man like Owen died? Bound by a promise to Owen, Michael is determined to make Owen’s aunt and uncle’s farm a success and bring Annie to America.
These were fluffy cake-like cookies that I could not stop "testing". The pudding made them super moist and almost fudgy...I say everyone who reads this should go through their pantry and try to find these things and mix and match with different flavors...
Enjoy!!
WE AIM TO HELP THEM LITERALLY
Can I get a drum roll, please?
Downside
Michael Musto — who has chronicled the lives of drag queens, club kids, and an array of freaks and celebrities for The Village Voice for 25 years — still turns heads.
“Only 2,000 litres from the original 50,000 litres had been left in the tanker to cover up the crime,” he said.
votes don’t generate consumption.
I could've handled my break-up with the jewel-eyed girl better. Even shortly after the fact, I realized that, but I was much younger and not nearly as clever as I solopsticly gave myself credit for. The first time I saw her in a vampire den, Madam Lung took me aside and implored me to not sleep with her.
... Complete one creative project
Let's say your child is tired from too little sleep and a long day of play. They have been irritable all day, although not to such a degree that you couldn't handle it and diffuse it with a kind word and a snuggle here and there. As the day goes on, however, your "to do" list has increased a bit, and your child's needs and frustration have increased right along with it. Suddenly, you remember a doctor's appointment that starts in an hour, and you have to get your child ready to go. Of course, they are resistant and tell you "no, I'm not going." You reply calmly for a while, but as the time grows shorter so does your patience.
Dates: Jun-Aug; Age/Grade Range: 7-17yo
Last year we had about 250 people so I'm super pumped about seeing everyone tonight and hoping for a bigger crowd!
In the mean time, my garden is just freshly turned waiting for the seedlings and seeds and now its not helping my colour issue- I do need to change that. Starting tomorrow I am going to have one coloured vegetable at each meal – and eat it before I wolf down my protein! I might have to start looking into creative ways to incorporate the colours into my foods.
a. One of the reasons sin is so destructive is that when I sin, I do not care about others (2 Samuel 12:1-6). You see sin is manipulative, coercive, controlling, and predatory. Look at David’s sin. David in this case did not care who he harmed.
And yet there is hypocrisy in the church. We do give reasons for unbelievers to stay far away. So while preaching the gospel and exposing self-righteousness in all its forms (homosexual, straight, covetous or idolatrous), let us continually submit ourselves to the Word and Spirit of God, pleading that He remove everything which harms His testimony, everything that gives the world opportunity to mock our dear Savior.
Mr Mitchell supported the report’s central message, says: “after the relentless pressure from the coalition Government, the EUROPEAN UNION has already reformed the way it spends support, making it more transparent, results-focused and targeted on the poorest people.”
Suddenly there is a loud screech and a commotion behind us, and a volunteer legs it over to separate the otter from a woolly monkey. Being a baby, he loves to play fight, but his games aren’t always appreciated by the perceptive primates.
Well since I did take my Prozac yesterday I am feeling a little better today. That or the children at work weren’t here today…so that may have also added to the better mood.
"The Frumble family has a wide range of previous background experiences from product design, civil engineering, fine art, sewing to IT. This broad range of skills makes for an ‘interesting’ mix but we have found that it was more than enough to get us where we are today. We have designed and built the website ourselves, selected all our products and of course, learnt to lovingly package it up to get orders off to the post office in good time. A relatively small family-run team have done this without any external professionals and we hope this organic and nurtured approach is one thing that has helped us to succeed over the last 18 months."
In the longer term, BERSIH 2.0 also calls for the EC to implement an automated voter registration system upon eligibility to reduce irregularities.
Life can be a bit annoying when your internet router doesn’t work for 3 days. Life can also be annoying when all 4 of your horses don’t even place at the Grand National. And life is definitely annoying when United when 4-0. Inconvenient following and all that.
We sat there in the dark and the rain with our empty glasses for a long time because there was no shortage of weird things to say.
Money is a tough topic – It can lead to many heated discussions and it most certainly will be the worst part about your renovation….. but my advice is as follows….
Keep torturing myself by looking at the weather reports for Portland.
Everyone has to go through valleys of loss sometime. That’s just a fact of life. Some fight it, try to go around the valley, or think they can avoid it. They may even suppress their grief, their loss, thinking they can keep it away.
OKMULGEE, Okla. (AP) - The Oklahoma Highway Patrol says a portable methamphetamine lab exploded in a man’s pants as he tried to run away from a state trooper during a traffic stop.
1) row - (an argument)
The lovely people at St Pauls Church in Northumberland Heath have also held a sewing event and hope to do more in the New Year. They sent me some photos to share. I can't wait to see what they make! Thanks to everyone involved for all your support.
I am more or less a novice at this and still learning the tricks of video photography, especially of the close-up, hand-held camera kind. The experience I have gained from years of still photography helps, though.
21st Amendment Brewery San Francisco Watermelon Wheat Fruit Beer +/-
4 cloves of garlic, minced
Overall quality and elegance.
So, as of yesterday, most of my salt has gone on the snow-covered paths outside my home but I have kept a pinch in reserve for Bob until I hear from him on Friday.
02 - Wanderer (04:56)
He should be supplied with all evidence, information and documents made known to the adjudicator. He should have a right to present witnesses and exculpatory evidence and to cross-examine witnesses on the other side.
Black Swan regulars and staff are treated less sympathetically than Ted Arden, so it would be unkind to try to identify them. An exception might be the nattily dressed barman whose real name sadly escapes me.
Updates: The photos below are from YOU! Thank you, lovely readers, for sending photos of your cinnamon roll success using the recipe. I love seeing them and sharing them with everyone else.
Yule or Yuletide ("Yule-time") is a winter festival that was initially celebrated by the historical Germanic people as a pagan religious festival, though it was later absorbed into, and equated with, the Christian festival of Christmas. The festival was originally celebrated from late December to early January on a date determined by the lunar Germanic calendar. The festival was placed on December 25 when the Christian calendar (Julian calendar) was adopted.
Tell me how I’m supposed to breathe with no air?
We have never been visited by a leprechaun before, but the kids had been talking a lot about the pranks that leprechauns can pull in the last few days, so apparently Seamus the Leprechaun decided it was time for a visit.
I’ve been thinking about treasures ever since, especially the ones we so often find in the worn out binders or bookcases we take for granted.
I am a stay at home professional woman. I love to cook and entertain and these are just 3 recipes I came up with over the years and wanted to share them. I have gotten great compliments on these dishes and I hope your family likes them.
Molly Alexander was taken. Her body hurt, her mind not clear. She still had no idea why all she knew was she was safe with this man named Dare. Molly knew the one thing she had to do and that was to find out who would kidnap her. As a writer she had a few enemies but none she knew that would go to this extreme. Molly will put her trust into Dare as they faced her attackers and the attraction which sizzled between them.
“I am so pleased it has been published and I hope people will enjoy reading it,” he says.
Jason Ward at Chicago Mastering Service did a great job mastering the album and cutting the vinyl. We also got a good pressing from the plant so this sounds and looks awesome.
Thanks so much for stopping by, Summer! These how-tos are totally inspiring me to dabble in the art so I can have beautiful arrangements around the house all year long! And, of course, they'd be spectacular for a wedding!!!!! I love the idea of getting crafty with the vessels and using teapots or vintage vases!
Last Updated: 12/29/2010
B: When I started out I was over idealistic about it. I didn’t work through booking agents and managers you know? I went directly to artists and it turned out I could only really book friends, I guess. A lot of artist are willing to take that risk. And I was on to something with that on some level but as the festival grew I had to book artist I didn’t know and then I can have those relations ships. But the festival is this organic, home grown, intimate event and then the reputation is that a place where you come and take risk and hang out and feel the pressure. Big festivals can be a lot of pressure because you’re playing in front of a large crowd and the media is there. People always ask me if we will move it to a bigger city and I say no because it definitely wouldn’t function in the same way. And I’ve been burned by that, by occasionally having an artist who doesn’t get it. There on tour and their tired and that’s unfortuante/ But in seven years that’s happened to me once or maybe twice.
The roots of Blunderbuss go back several years ago when White was recording songs for several artists. These artists included Tom Jones, Insane Clown Posse, etc. White was in contact with Wu-Tang Clan member RZA and were going to do a recording session. RZA couldn't attend the session, so White was hanging around with a band. They recorded several tracks, which would one day develop into Blunderbuss.
I didn’t read Into the Wild by Jon Krakauer on vacation, nor would I recommend it, but I did read it last month. It’s a very easy read and a fascinating story that just happens to be true. It’s just not very light, though, seeing as it’s about a guy who walks off into the Alaska wilderness and starves to death there.
14. Baking soda in the litterbox will help prevent odors.
Fish is still alive after trip to Walmart.
And our Fourth and Fifth Amendment rights still mean something.
I hadn’t realized how many years had gone by until a unsuspected moment of the day I discovered a couple of old photos.
“There are two ways through life — the way of nature and the way of grace. You have to choose which one you’ll follow. Grace doesn’t try to please itself. Accepts being slighted, forgotten, disliked. Accepts insults and injuries. Nature only wants to please itself. Get others to please it too. Likes to lord it over them. To have its own way…”
Hank and Bobbie-Joe loved the Dixie Diner. If you’re ever finding yourself travelling from Memphis, through Arkansas to allas, Texas, wait til you get to Texarkana; don’t go to a chain to eat, do yourself a favour and visit the humbly, brilliant Dixie Diner.
In Jacob Teitelbaum's new book, Beat Sugar Addiction Now, he helps you to identify if you have a sugar addiction, what sort of addict you most likely are, and how to overcome your addiction. The book is simple to navigate and is very thoughtful laid out. In Part 1, you will determine what sort of sugar addict you are...ranging from Type 1-Type 4. He uses simply questionnaires that are designed to determine how sugar is interacting in your life.
The Minister has asked for research on the connection between registered design rights and innovation. The majority of designers in the UK and, indeed globally, rely on unregistered and informal rights. Having said that many designers rely on all the formal rights registered trade marks, copyright and to a much lesser extent patents, why then single out design right in the context of innovation through design?
In my ever growing excitement for this summer's Prometheus, I revisited the afore-mentioned H.R. Giger's Alien, and it looks like to me, from the trailers that are now available for viewing online, that Ridley Scott is revisiting the ground-breaking artwork that this crazy guy created for 20th Century Fox (that was scrapped from the 1978 film). Here are my comparisons.
The cue was received, and they stood up dutifully to get in position, walking through the throngs of parents and other family members to the back of the church to gather the gifts.
Here are how you can take small steps on the road to better health today:
Took about an hour to get everything down drive there and set everything back up.
The guests arrived at Ashland for some networking and a create-your-own wedding attire station. The group was introduced to the Museum by Curator, Eric Brooks and Director of Tour Operations, Avery Malone. We heard about exciting reenactments and other opportunities at Ashland. Then came the tour. The participants had to be dragged out of the entertaining tours – well not literally. The group tried to retain as much information as they could because they were going to be quizzed on the information for a chance at a $50 gift card to DeSha’s Restaurant and Coffea! I want to thank everyone who came to participate and make this event so special, especially Chelsea Sparks, and our volunteers-Amanda McClain and Jessica Kral. We are looking forward to our next AAH at Tuska House and hope to see everyone there!
Rates for homeowners insurance in April were up 1 percent—both for homes valued under $1 million and homes valued over $1 million. Auto rates were up 2 percent, and personal articles rates were up 1 percent.
That's Sunday dinner at Grannie's house!This book gets a rating of 10 out of 10, because it's one a parent could read over and over to a child, with all the things Grannie had to do to keep Jay Jay occupied while they waited: putting out the dishes, feeding the fish, spilling the candy tin (no, that was Jay Jay without Grannie's help), watching for the arrival of the cars full of people. I like this book (can you tell?).
"I can't help noting that no cultures in the world that I have ever heard of make such a fuss about bedtimes, and no cultures have so many adults who find it so hard either to go to sleep or wake up. Could these social facts be connected? I strongly suspect they are."
Gott worked with Dr. Strolger on a project titled UBVRI Optical Monitoring of Supernova 2011fe in the Pinwheel Galaxy with the 1.3-meter Robotically Controlled Telescope. Gott has been examining data from an exploding star that has been one of the most important supernovae in recent history. Measuring its brightness over time will provide vital information about more distant supernovae being used to measure the expansion history of the universe — the subject of the recent Nobel Prize in physics, in which Dr. Strolger played a role.
two vials for Parkinson’s and two for pain;
Nov 18 – NFCorp executive chairman Datuk Dr Mohamad Salleh Ismaildenied claims that the project was in a mess, claiming they are on track to produce 60,000 heads of cattle by 2015. Salleh also justified the purchase of two luxury condominiums costing RM6.9 mil each, saying the investment would generate an annual yield of some RM900,000 or a 12.9% return of investment rate.
The Tok’ra demand she be freed so her symbiotes can repopulate their race, the Panger refuse. If the people who have been taking the cure stop, they will all die. The queen herself is now dying, as well. In recent years, she has been pumping out defective symbiotes to make the cure more ineffective in the hopes the Panger would stop using it. As her dying act, she devises an antidote so those who have to stop taking the cure may live on.
1/2 Cup melted butter
SB310 goes beyond being some of the toughest laws in the country…It’s unconstitutional, puts people out of business and is actually a BAN on Private Exotic Animal Ownership, with the exception of those with USDA permits…AZA, GFS and ZAA…and no replacing an animal once it passes. AZA, GFS and all others are ALL private ‘country club’ organizations and in reality, GFS is another H$U$ organization. More will be coming demonstrating how GFS sanctuaries can be HELL on EARTH for the animals…owned by hypocritical fanatics.
We started in the cooking department where we stayed for a good 45 minutes looking at all the sparkling glasses, the pretty paper napkins, colourful crockery, clever gadgets, mixing bowls and saucepans; all of which promised to enhance my cooking and baking skills (it's just a plastic chopping board Julie to Angela).
3 fixed
The book’s premise is actually a bit more stunning than the book itself. Wes Moore, the author, is about to become a Rhodes scholar when he learns of another man named Wes Moore, who is about to be sentenced to life in prison for killing a police officer. At the time, the two Moores live near one another and are about the same age. The author wonders what happened in their lives that sent them on such a dramatically different path.
3 ) When your boyfriend starts asking for his stuff back from you: “Hey, can I get that sweater back that I lent you?”
Which characters from the previous generation is Linton most like?
I can't realistically expect that the state will repeal the Johnstown Flood Tax and leave us with no excise tax on liquor and wine at all. What I would like to see is something more in line with other states. Something like this:
By Judie Brown
4.) I've had a lot of things on my mind that I would like to write about but they have the potential to be controversial and I just don't really feel like going there. Maybe I will... but only if people play nice. Disagree, but disagree nicely haha.
words; fangless,
I did a search on Match.com of a 50-mile radius where I live, within my age group… and I gotta say, there are pages and pages of people, both male and female. I know, that’s not proof love is abundant. Just proof lots of people are looking for it. I get that. But I can’t tell you the times I’ve heard women around here say “there aren’t any good men out there!” Baloney.
They really have no idea what is in store,
Get the press involved.
So, there's a snapshot of my life lately. Between working and doing some writing/editing/submitting of old nonfiction pieces, I got a chance to jump home for two days to surprise my family, since I won't get to see my mom on Mother's Day. It was a quick trip, but such a relaxing couple days--a much-needed escape.
23For the fear of God kept me back, and because of his power I might not do such things.
What is really good in your life right now (Me)?
Then again it could be better. I got an email from a friend whose husband is about the luckiest guy I can think of. But it´s not like he won the national lottery. That kind of luck he has is the result of character and the lucky finding of a woman like himself. My friend is good like that. Here´s hoping his new girl is as good a person as he.
Grameen Foundation has been selected as a semi-finalist for the Ashoka Changemakers Powering Economic Opportunity: Create a World that Works competition, for our initiative to provide mobile phone-based services and business opportunities for the poorest in Indonesia. We were selected as one of 15 semi-finalists from 873 innovations in 83 countries around the world!
My 83-year-old grandfather married his longtime sweetheart today. She is feisty, exuberant, loving and spry. She has a touch of dementia encroaching on her life, but his mind is sharp. She can still climb a chain link fence and he's made a habit of inconvenient falls. They balance beautifully. When my gruff grandfather, a classic belt-wielding dad and lifetime trucker, speaks about his new wife, he glows with admiration and respect. Pride. Love. And she does the same for him.
Sat & Sun: $8/day
Or morrow the marrow of her bones be thick
"Greenfingers, come up here and join us on stage!"
As Washington has been killing large numbers of Pakistani civilians with drones and has forced the Pakistani army to hunt for Al Qaeda throughout most of Pakistan, producing tens of thousands or more of dislocated Pakistanis in the process, Sen. Graham must have something larger in mind.
We all need it, and we all want clean water to come out of our faucets. Unfortunately, our aging infrastructure system threatens the delivery of that necessary, clean water. The underground pipes are reaching the end of their useful lives. The decline of these systems means more water disruptions, more contaminated water, and less reliable delivery of water to our ever-growing population. The cost of repairing and replacing our water and waste water systems will only continue to grow the longer we wait.
Sunset tinged.
"There is always a bit of cheek in the musical's revision of its sources." p. 52
In all the time they were together, Legionaire's Disease Band only released one other record, a four song EP in 1985. Their first single had sold out quickly and was repressed by Lunar Lab in an undetermined quantity. Jerry had given them the original 8-song master tape and authorized the repressing of just the two songs for the single. But several years after the band broke-up, Lunar Lab took it upon themselves to release the entire session on LP, despite Jerry's request for them not to. He believes it's not their best work, and in fact, their best material never even got recorded.
And it’s tough not to think, Is that really you God?
and there was cheese on the ground,
If the Police arrive to lock you up, say nothing. You are a decent person and you may think that reasoning with the Police will help. “If I can only explain, they will realise it is all a horrible mistake and go away”. Wrong. We do want to talk to you on tape in an interview room but that comes later. All you are doing by trying to explain is digging yourself further in. We call that stuff a significant statement and we love it. Decent folk can’t help themselves, they think that they can talk their way out. Wrong.
1:00- 4:00 pm
I was out of the design business for a year or so, and my recent re-entry has been on a strictly volunteer basis with the exception of a job I completed just today. I'm OK with that because of the nature of the projects—a community orchestra and public school music groups. I've done some signs and business cards for a profitable music store, but I earned valve oil and a discount on an alto recorder for those jobs.
After Kansas found that nearly two-thirds of its prison admissions were probation and parole violators, the legislature set up an incentive program for community corrections programs. Counties that cut their revocation rates by 20 percent will get a share of new state funding -- money made available because of averted prison construction -- to help them hold violators accountable without using up prison cells.
When the bread has finished baking, cut each square into 4 pieces. Then use the the pieces to make sandwiches – we’ve had everything from grilled cheese, to vegan BLTs, to Reubens, to PBJ’s. It’s not as fast as grabbing gluten free bread out of the freezer, but it tastes SO MUCH BETTER!
sipping drinks, like an iced tea in the afternoon or a nice scotch in the
The love of Jesus Christ was manifest in His suffering on the cross. Would it not follow that our love should be seen as we present to Him our own bodies living sacrifices? This is to think as He thinks, to live as He lives and to suffer as He suffered.
6. Cathy Claret - Le Lundi Au Soleil
So yes, lots of stuff happning. And if you are in town catch me downtown this weekend selling my work at the Portland Saturday Market. Come say hi, hang out and collect some art.
I think we all assume that our spouses will respond one way when we tell them we don't agree with them, but when it comes down to it, they may very well respond differently.
What can you do? Send your handmade Valentine's Day cards to Winter and she will deliver them to the hospitals.
I for some reason thought I should pack my day as full as possible. We finished dinner around 9 and Matt left to play poker with his friends and I headed to Salem for the midnight showing of Breaking Dawn with my awesome cousins Joy and Shannon and of course Jenny and Libby! We have seen them all together and it just gets better every time. Love you girls!!! And apparently Libby needs a blog. :)
One Birchwood Road, a spec job over at Will Merry and (extremely) close to transportation via the Merritt Parkway, tried a price of $6.495 in 2006 and by doing so missed that market and followed the rest of the housing stock into the in the abyss that began in late 2007. It’s been on and off the market since then and now it’s back with a Westchester broker and a new price, $5.695 million. Had they started there six years ago the builders might have made out but now they have an old house at the price of a new one and probably above that level, too. Fours, maybe? I remember it as not a bad house but a pretty standard spec and then there’s the Merritt to consider. Not horrible, but a factor.
3 lb light malt extract
Spence Campbell (REP) 1.46% 37
With the rain we've had in the last couple of weeks, our caladiums bulbs have gone crazy! Two weeks ago you didn't even know there were bulbs there. Look at them now...
Make a tart viniagrette of 1/4 cup of olive oil or turkey drippings if you have them, and 2-3 tablespoons of champagne vinegar, in a small bowl or cup. Drizzle over the bread and toss thoroughly. Taste for tartness and seasoning and adjust accordingly.
YOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUU
The authority was given to all those around the Globe who are holding workshops of teaching or initiating, etc. It does not Matter what they are doing as long as they are light workers.
A upper class round turban.
Here are some random shots of her.
Dust to dust …
have painted you across the pages of my mind.
Evan and Kyle have always had feeling for each other extending beyond just their friendship but for various reason they had never made the steps to show each other just how much they mean to each other and what they truly want. Kyle is afraid of hurting Evan, and Evan is afraid of getting hurt especially after getting out of a relationship which has left him feeling unworthy and heartbroken. When Kyle is given a journal from his dead grandfather, the story in it that his grandfather writes opens Kyle up to his feelings and gives him the courage to believe he could make Evan happy. When Dennis was causing friction between Evan and Kyle I was so irritated, I hated him, but in the end he didn’t turn out to be such a bad guy, he had his own reasons for when happened with Evan and he was also hurting, he did what was best for Evan even though it ended up hurting them both.
Bring the water, quinoa, nutmeg, and ginger to a boil in a small pot. Reduce heat and simmer, covered, for 10 minutes. Then stir in the prunes and rice milk. Cover the pot again and cook for another five minutes.
When he was appointed there were inevitably arched eyebrows among the Tory faithful.
In fact, Heritage Keepers contains little or no information about puberty, anatomy, sexually transmitted diseases, or sexual behavior. Instead, most of its lessons are devoted to promoting the importance of heterosexual marriage and the value of abstinence before marriage. Students are asked to take virginity pledges and class time is devoted to having students envision and plan their wedding days. Heritage Keepers also teaches students that:
We had chosen to hang around the house and avoid the stress of holiday travel for several reasons. One, most of my extended family lives in upstate Wisconsin, which you can visit only if you can find it under eight feet of snow. My wife’s mother lives closer, about 200 miles away in Charleston, S.C., but the Christmas Day storm that paralyzed much of the South made us consider how much cozier it was sitting by the home fires than behind an 18-wheeler spraying salt all over your car.
The Girl In The Fireplace
and then she hobbled up to the table i was sitting at.
Instead, we suggest readers focus on alternative Internet news sources such as the two Swedish-based links below. It is for this reason, we encourage other citizen journalists in other countries, to develop similar news blogs designed to expose real truths without carrying the baggage of a Marxist-inspired “political-correct” news slant, nor being weighted down with fear-mongering “racist” and “anti-semitic” labels for simply exposing the Truth.
I walked through the emergency room doors and up to the front desk, held up the Ziploc bag, and in my broken Spanish I said, "He cut his finger, and it is here in this bag."
As the winter wore on, they added more thresh, until, when you opened the door it started to slide outside. A piece of wood was fixed in the entrance way. Hence a "thresh hold."
Last few weeks ago, while my family and I having
11) My hair is about 40% white. No, not grey, white. I dye it red. Getting white hair early runs in the family; my mom and grandma both had completely white hair before they were out of high school. Mine didn't start 'til I married the Ex.
Gordon and Betty Moore
More Shiner Holiday Cheer, more Nogne O, and Pyramid Snowcap
6. When Kent takes Rogan to school at noon, NO KIDS until 3:00pm. :)
Blend thoroughly after each addition with the mixer on low speed, or by hand.
10) GHOST GUITARS – Baron Daemon & the Vampires
Here's a few pix of what I saw:
I have to cut back and I have been looking for ways
However, as of now, the content structure is on paper. The next step is to use technology to encode and enforce the defined content structure.
The other thing that made the weekend so nice was that I skipped the normal weekend chores- no laundry, no house cleaning, no grocery store shopping, just spending time with the hubby & the dog. That was all well & good during the weekend, but now that Monday has rolled around, it meant nothing to make for lunch this morning, limited wardrobe options for work this morning, and worst of all- a house that looked pretty darn disheveled when I got home from work tonight. Luckily, I get off work at 3:30 in the afternoon most days, so after closing up shop I dropped the dog off at home (she gets to go to work with me), went to the grocery store, came home, started some laundry and started cleaning up the house. This did not leave a lot of time for making dinner though. Something quick was needed.
How can we be unified as
The reason I ask is that I’ve come to collect certain books from authors I enjoy and have considered cracking those books (those ones that contain the author’s signature) and reading them. Yet every time I have those thoughts, a voice inside grips me by the collar and screams, “NO! You can’t! It’s sacrilege!” And I tend to agree with that voice. If I have a copy of a book that an author wrote with the author’s signature on it, it’s now much more valuable. It’s sort of like if Paul McCartney signed your copy of Abbey Road. Would you still put that disc in your car’s cd player?
The eighties had some hits, but man, when you find its forgotten misses. Don’t hate this one because it’s Canadian. Hate it because it sucks. The mercifully short Rock & Rule (1983) is just as yucky as anything to come out of the eighties. In the distant future some mutant rodent people have formed a mediocre rock band. The band is made up of the obnoxious tool of a guitarist, the loveable but paunchy intellectual keyboardist, the goofy and uber-annoying drummer, and the kind and soulful hot girl. Everything is going nowhere for these guys until an evil all-powerful rocker named Mok needs to use the girl’s voice to unleash a demon out of hell for some reason. I found it interesting that all of the male characters look rather gross or strange but with the girl they really try to minimize her rodent features and sexualize her. Anthros will love it. The story is stupid, the characters are grating, the colors are oppressive and dim, and there’s really nothing to care about in this unpleasant fantasy adventure, but the animation is actually really, really good. I was genuinely impressed by the animation in this dumb movie. The same studio animated Eek! The Cat and The Adventures of Tintin cartoons. Most of the songs are pretty forgettable, but there’s a few decent ones. The songs are performed by (get this) Lou Reed, Iggy Pop, Cheap Trick, Debbie Harry, and Earth, Wind, & Fire, so there’s that. All in all something this bad and strange should not be forgotten…because that means I have to find it.
One topic that seems to constantly come up in conversation at the moment is the price of a pint (or a half, or two thirds, or whatever you’re drinking) and the general consensus seems to be that craft beer is too expensive to which I disagree. I work in the musical instrument industry, an industry that works from painfully low margins and one that sees shop closures on an almost weekly basis (sound familiar?) When I decide to put my prices up it’s because my suppliers have put their prices up and because of the rapidly increasing cost of shipping, manufacture and raw materials. If you want a hand crafted, heritage laden Gibson Les Paul then you pay a premium but you can buy a pretty reasonable made in China Epiphone copy for about a fifth of the price. You might see a pattern emerging here but at least publicans don’t have to deal with people haggling for a
Dammit! I think I wasted $40 on that "Blogging for Beginners" adult education class. Two nights a week for four weeks and I can't even create a link.
Move to a rental home in Salt Lake City to see if we really do want to move back permanently, or if we are just feeling nostalgic.
Taste: 5
23,644 tons of goods entered Gaza last week Foot and mouth disease hits Gaza; Hamas says “don’t worry” Daniel Pipes and Steve Emerson: Chris Christie’s Islam Problem It’ll be official next week: Knesset to be dissolved in favor of elections Are All 4 Year Old’s Socialists? Hello Saudi Arabia by patcondell I will be in a panel discussion on Israel Advocacy in NYC 5/21
We are getting some clarity on this now, and just starting to produce IFC file output which we are sharing with one or two architects and main contractors. I eagerly await their feedback over the next few weeks, before committing to a portfolio approach
- Olive Oil/Extra Virgin Olive Oil
There are countless men who made invaluable contribution, not only to the beer’s taste, but to its survival as a profitable venture. The most important of which is that of the founder, Sr. Enrique Maria Barretto y Ycaza. He sought the approval of the Spanish Queen for his beer during a time when the monarch was dealing with so many issues and problem plaguing her empire. Barretto had his eyes in supplying beer to South East Asia. With his Royal grant, he begun the first ever beer brewery in the region – “La Fabrica de Cerveza de San Miguel”.
So apparently a newspaper has posted a story about Richard Dawkin's family and their ties to slavery. Yes, slavery was bad. Yes, his family was involved generations ago. I don't think anyone has openly denounced Richard Dawkins as a racist. However, the remarks I've found "defending" a man, who honestly doesn't need defending, have been a bit freaking disheartening. This post really isn't about Dawkins, but the atheist community in general.
For your Parisian address book...
If you know me at all, you know I'm not into getting stuff done just to be getting stuff done. Productivity in and of itself is overrated. It's factory-thinking. I'm not a factory. But creating the stuff I really want to create? That kind of productivity matters. So I try to choose my projects with care. And given my propensity to juggle, the forms they take -- the books, the canvases -- can occupy space in my head for a very long time. The zine, for example, has been on my list since last summer.
In between times there was wave after wave of smallpox that killed many people.
UNITED KINGDOM.
Oh help us not to be so easily moved, even by pain may we have much
We played a few other games that I had saved from teaching as well as reading together for 15 to 20 minutes daily. The best way to improve fluency is to read everyday for at least 20 minutes.
This morning was nuts! Laiken had a softball tournament and had to be at the ballfield at 8:30 and I had to get all the kids ready and out the door and shower myself. And I don't go without makeup. Or a shower. I live 30 minutes away and woke up at 7. I had to rush rush rush. I dropped SB off at my moms because it was cold this morning. Somehow we all made it. I wouldn't trade the craziness for anything though!!
* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet.
Emery adds that it’s weird that, while so many leading British Columbians are coming out in favour of marijuana decriminalization, Premier Christy Clark still seems to be wavering on the issue.
Through my life I have suffered with suicidal feelings, post-natal depression, anxiety, an eating disorder, frustrated grief and good old fashioned depression. They come and go, have come together and separately; they are controlled at the moment, life is good and I thank God for that blessing each morning. I am currently stable because I take anti-depressants every day, I need chemical help for my mental health and I am far from ashamed to say so.
2011, US, directed by Neil Burger
This one made me laugh. “Your mother loves you!”
And then he picked up Dream.
You're also telling a lot of the story; almost all of it in fact. The purpose of a query letter is to ENTICE SOMEONE to read the book, not tell them the entire story.
3) Link up your submission directly to your blog post
“And there is one thing
Jennifer: Yeah me too
"What should I write?" Berra had asked.
Deglaze the pan with sherry, scraping up any bits on bottom of pan, and reduce until evaporated. Stir in cider and broth; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low. Add pork with residual juices and 1 Tbsp. thyme. Simmer stew until thickened, 5 minutes; season with salt and pepper.
Bella's birth story- I went into the doctor for a regular appt. and the doctor stripped my membranes and told me he hoped I would go into labor that night but to me that was far off becuase I have had my membranes striped with every baby and nothing has ever happened. When I got home within 2 hours I started contracting, nothing to regular but for sure a lot, by 5 pm they turned in to every 8 min, by 8pm they were every 5 min. We decided to go to the hospital at 1 am and sure enough I was in labor. At 4 am they asked to give me the epidural and I decided to wait a bit on it so by 8am I had it and 4 hours later Bella was born. When I was at a 10 they asked how long it takes me to push my babies out and I told them about 2 hours so when I only pushed through 3 contractions and she was born I was in shock. I guess after her big brothers she just slid right out. lol. It was the easiest delievery I have had. She was perfect in everyway, the first thing I did of course was checked to make sure I didn't see a weiner. lol.
The Keiths finally divorced and Slim lived alone for the
Makeup: Phoebe Barrett
image from transitionvoice.com
Sweet Pea has always been interested in the moon and the stars, and I have answered her questions as best I could about them, and have shown her the Orion constellation and looked things up for her. But she gets most of her space information from her Boopa, who is so interested in space that he has multiple star projectors (he even gave her a small one last year to keep) and telescopes and knows more about things in space than Slipshod and I do. Sweet Pea loves - no, LOVES - to see pictures of celestial bodies. She already knows more about space than I do. She tells me about galaxies and nebulas and all kinds of cool stuff. She has added "space scientist" to her list of things she wants to be when she grows up.
This is the best part:
It is very important to include your educational qualifications in your resume. You could mention a few lines regarding your schooling and edifying experiences. Tell them about a specific degree that you possess. You could say that you have done Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering.
Charlotte County Sheriff’s Narcotics Unit detectives executed a search warrant Tuesday at 1 p.m. and found a small grow house operation in a garage and arrested a father and son on marijuana charges. The home is located at 23385 Ferndale Avenue, Port Charlotte.
But here in this moment, like the eye of a storm
He'll grill no matter what the weather, if I really want him to,
The National Association of Realtors and Remodeling magazine publisher Hanley Wood surveys remodeling and exterior replacement projects as part of its annual Remodeling Cost vs. Value report.
We are still waiting to see what the next week will bring. If she continues to improve and can sit up etc they will send her to rehab, where they will work with her on relearning things she can't do right now due to the stroke. After 1 week in rehab, they will reevaluate and decide if she can continue. If neither of those things go right, she'll be put into a long term care facility (why they don't say nursing home is beyond me). It kills me though, she did NOT want to be in a home. A 24 hour nurse at home is out of the question, per the doctors. She will require to much care they say... It breaks my heart, she's got no choice, we've tried to honor her wishes, she did now want any surgery (which could have prevent the loss of some of the functions) and if she goes into cardiac arrest, she is DNR/DNI. That part is hard for me to swallow...but we've done what she wanted.
Do we feed the poor to alleviate their needs or do we feed to poor to feel good about ourselves? Do we help people simply to give them a boost in life or do we help them so we may feel like we’re generous people?
Lowest vote, North Hertfordshire, Letchwood East, 36, Tim Vickers.
but for him, for my baaaaaby boy, it was a big deal.
The room was more silent this day than any other. Even though we were in the boys' room, with the special mothers, and all the other children that slept in that room. There was no crying, or talking. No loud movements.
I am hoping 2011, will be the start of much more of that, and the start of taking back my life for myself.
I'm keeping true to my word and am back with reviews!
The head of design at ELLA is Katrin Maria Karadottir, who is also an adjunct professor at the Iceland Academy of The Arts. She has a degree in tailoring from Iceland and studied design at Studio Bercot in Paris. After finishing her studies in Paris she was an assistant to Anja Vang Kragh at John Galliano and Christian Dior.
For I lose it get composure
To seal and mildly antique this piece I have applied two kinds of paste wax, buffed to a soft, satin sheen.
The book of the fair for me was sitting unobtrusively on a French stand, Albin-Michel. "Sick of Pink" said the poster, which caught my eye, but the book is called Marre du Rose in French and is by Nathalie Hense, illustrated by Ilya Green. It is a perfect story of a little girl who prefers to wear black and is teased for it. Act quickly British publishers; I've already enthused about it to two of you!
Chris knew that things were wrong, but he no longer felt like he had to do anything about it. He didn’t know why, but he guessed it might have a connection to how Ann just randomly “knew” things about him. Then he felt a voice. It was Ann. Don’t worry. Almost done. Be ready but don’t do anything.
Thanks so much much to everyone who entered our "Someone special" challenge.
Now, I do try to tackle the things that need attention and I do desire my home to be clean, presentable and comfortable, but on the other hand I don't mind a nice lived-in look either. I'm going to clean and straighten up before Mom comes but I'm not going to kill myself or make my kids ragged before grandma comes either. So I will do my best, then put on my rose-colored glasses to my home and enjoy the time with my guest.
Is This The End
2060: Year Federal Spending Will Reach 50 Percent Of GDP. (CBO, 6/22/11)
...everything tastes better with ketchup...
The settlers produce "German honey", bake bread from homegrown wheat, produce fruit and vegetables for sale, and knit their own woollen sweaters. Observers have noted that the far-right farmers have been able to profit from the cheap and spacious swaths of land left by a population exodus from impoverished states in the former East Germany, such as Mecklenburg.
It was pointed out that the nurses and midwives around the world celebrate the International Day of the Midwife on May 5 and International Nurses Day on May 12 each year on Florence Nightingale’s birthday to raise awareness about their respective roles in global health care.
Clearly with all this violence, someone was a threat! Just usually not the people doing most of the dying.
27. Wonders if any of my friends has and iPad???? I want one really bad...they are really KEWL!
Dear Diary, this blog has returned to basic black . . . I like the way it makes the photos pop. Why I feel the need to post about this I do not know. It's blatantly obvious to anyone who comes visiting!
But these words in context do more than comfort a victim. This treasure – found in the midst of five grief-ridden poems – comfort the perpetrator. Line after line, tear after tear, Judah grieves the fall of her Jerusalem, once full of people, now “like a widow she has become.” She who was great “has become a slave.”
You are being destroyed by leaks from within. From the 13 European
Each grand prize goodie bag will contain (1) Flower necklace set (with earrings), (1) crochet head wrap (color may vary), (1) scarf (color and style may vary), (1) package nail wraps, and (1) black wrap bracelet. We will also give away 20 pairs of barefoot sandals to 20 winners.
When i was in primary 1-3, my grandparents bought me some kueh and cooked a pot of milo with eggs.
'Today, my mother followed me to work to see what I got up to. I'm a fitness instructor in a ground floor gym that has big windows overlooking the street. She stood outside and waved at me for half an hour, while I tried to concentrate on teaching a visibly amused class'.
But when their investigation takes a dangerous turn, Sunny and Jud soon realize their feelings for each other cannot be denied.
down the sky.
Perhaps though it's best that he left office anyway. Moving to the "south-east corner of Broadway and Great Jones street" above Houston Street, where he would remain until his death in 1851, Hone would document in a remarkable diary the everyday, upper-class life of New York, from political shifts to the latest opera. Hone's "graphic pen", as described in a New York Times review in 1896, would become one of the great chronicles of early New York history. Most notable is his description of the terrible Great Fire of 1835, a tragedy which momentarily gutted the high society he had fostered for years.
A perfect pink dot that looks like a balloon floating in our sunlit upper atmosphere.
that the dragon is big and it’s not a foam… a poem/song of the water dragons’ hunters.
Sitting down tends to be a posture that says, "I recieve. I rest" Maybe my constant producing and dis-taste for sitting has more to do with trust. Babyboy loves to do everything for himself. At thirty-something I still like to do everything myself. When I sit, I can't produce. I have to trust someone else to do, to produce, and to provide for me.
Second part contains the winner of the giveaway!
SU! - Because I Care stamp set
Top stitch all the way around; sew two pieces of velcro to your straps, and you're done!
"Runnin' Hot" - 5:12
Anja Rubik at the Met Ball wearing Anthony Vaccarello.
It seems that the tale of our Civil War-era adventurer was supposed to have gone to the screen more than once before this. Animator Bob Clampett was going to bring about an animated film of our hero, with the blessing of Burroughs himself! Paramount was on board for awhile - with no less than Robert Rodriguez directing one minute, Jon Favreau the next. Disney Studios was even attached back in the Eighties themselves! So, in short: "production hell". That almost never bodes well... especially when you consider they were even going to get Richard "Ray" Harryhausen for the effects!! But when it takes almost 100 years to struggle to get a movie from book to screen, maybe someone's trying to tell you something. Maybe.
Last weekend we couldn't resist checking out an estate sale at a home designed by noted Detroit architect William Kessler. The house we visited in Lansing, Mi is a replica of Kesslers own home in Grosse Pointe Park.
24 Would You Go All The Way 2:24
Now I wonder, is this the way it is to end?
The basic process of making and transporting soup and its ingredients hasn’t changed that much over the last 46 years. The trucks are now refrigerated, bigger, and more efficient. Technology directs the process today. Produce is no longer raised on the Texas Panhandle but it still comes from American farms. I can’t pretend that the carrots in the soup are from our farm but I’m happy to know some American farm children can still make that claim.
16 - Nur Nur
It's not a bad thing. It is merely different. You will see. And if you are right, then I shall see. But you must let me grow what I want, Adam, otherwise we will only come to grief....give them a chance. See if they will flourish.
To add insult to injury the picture you're looking at is a foot of 3/4" steel rebar poking through the wall of my living room. (Look in the corner and you'll see another hole). I had two more like it, both of which intruded into my daughter's play area, at about 12" off the ground: RIGHT WHERE SHE SITS AND PLAYS. The workers "happened to misjudge" the reinforcement point by almost two feet and they drilled into our apartment rather than between floors. And they did it four times! I don't even want to think about what would have happened if a child had been sitting against the wall when one of those came through.
Mardi Gras is famous for its parades, there's always several going on somewhere in the city. For instance today, February 19, there are three. Tomorrow there are five. Parades are full of huge, colorful floats, the most incredible, complex, outrageous floats you can imagine. Each float (and sometimes the whole parade) is sponsored by a krewe. Krewe can loosely translate into "club", and several have been around since the 1800's.
The Latrobe Brewing Company, in a small town in Western Pennsylvania, had been home to Rolling Rock from 1936 until 2006, when Anheuser-Busch purchased the Rolling Rock brands and began brewing it in Newark, New Jersey, although they pledged to carry on the tradition born in this green bottle. This saying is still seen on the back of the bottle preceded by Anheuser-Busch’ own statement of: “To honor the tradition of this great brand, we quoted from the original pledge of quality.”
Adoption update: we traveled to St. Louis last week for our fingerprints. Our I-600A is almost or should be complete soon. Things are movin right along :) Rich leaves in 18 days for Sierra Leone. I am anxious and excited for him. I can't wait for him to meet all 84 kids and love on one special little boy this momma misses very much!! I must admit the kids and Sierra Leone, Kevin is all I can think about lately, my heart misses them so much!! I can't wait to go back, I'm possibly going to go on the January trip, I will let everyone know forsure once we get a little closer.
What I really love about this stamp set is that there are 3 strips to make easy backgrounds that all coordinate together! LOVE that!! I stamped the largest hexagon in Hawaiian Shores ink, the next size in New Leaf ink and the inside solid hexagon with Berry Sorbet ink. I have to say that I LOVE these new inks! After I stamped the rows of hexagons I ran the whole piece through my Big Shot with the Moroccan Motifs Impression Plate.
Clarification:
the width of the verruca was equally revealed to be somewhat alarming engendering the fear that the entire toe to which it belonged might be eaten through by the fibrous consuming warty mass
Here’s another important thing to remember concerning this demonstration of grace. In order for us to be the type of people who love those who hate us, or bless those who curse us, or pray for those who mistreat us, or who give to those steal from us, or turn the other cheek to those who slap us once, we have to be close enough to them, involved enough in their lives, living in their sphere of contact. In other words, we have to put ourselves in a position to be taken advantage of, a place where we can be hit, a place to be robbed. In other words, we need to be involved in the lives of those who might do such things.
I have had encouragements
Well, within the past few years, I’ve purchased paperback versions of several of the classics for hundreds of dollars that I haven’t read yet – eBooks are the way to go and these were all free. The price of the Kindle is peanuts, as well as the price of commercial eBooks. Remember thousands of eBooks are free, even the Harvard Classics..
And I wonder now when I will knit.
“I have encountered many children that bear the burden of parents that struggle with the grips of addiction,” he said. “My program is court-mandated. In many cases, the kids have been in an environment where these drugs are a common occurrence and they simply start picking up on harmful habits they’ve observed.”
Paulaner Salvator Double Bock German beer. Another beer I had at Allyn's Cafe in my around the world trip of beers. I remember it having a very smooth chocolate taste (as most bocks do). I don't think I have ever seen this beer at the store. I probably wouldn't buy it all that often, but for a change it can be nice (probably more of a fall/winter brew to me).
The organizer had planned for a fun activity during the party; decorating onesies. She had iron on fabric and stencils, along with fabric pens, plenty of plain onesies, and an iron - hot and ready to go. We made some cute little outfits for the mommy-to-be to take home.
Is there anything cuter than your little one's hand print? Looking back and seeing how small they once were is so sweet. Here are a few cute ones I found that I'm going to have to try with Carter.
Because we don’t have an entry closet I simply added some hooks; baskets and a bench to increase our usable space. This is a trick I like to use as a previous professional organizer. My handy hubs helped me to create a coat rack out of spare wooden hangers we had laying around and some reclaimed wood. We love it. It now houses jackets, hats, and shoes for all of us, including our little man Oliver Tate. The stool was a retro flea market find that we simply recovered and it creates the perfect place to put down my purse. The basket, which is locally crafted, houses sticks and pinecones from our daily family walks.
As always the kids have a fabulous time at the creek. While i'm running around snapping pictures of the wildflowers, they are climbing trees, wading in the water, feeding fish and catching salamanders and crawdads. They are also learning to identify many of the different plants and flowers in the area. My daughter is extremely inquisitive and wants to know the name of everything. My boy acts less interested, but is a total sponge with knowledge. i'm sometimes surprised by the amount of information he retains when i don' even realize he is listening. He can often tell me the name of wildflowers that i've forgotten. :)
So, when I start discussing possibilities and consequences, weighing the validity of moral codes, religious dictums, and other externally imposed restrictions regarding sexual behavior versus the opposite free-wheeling who-cares extreme seemingly so prevalent these days, people know I’ll be conducting my own experiments. Hence, all the furor over my discussion regarding sex for a single-again woman in her forties.
Now to the most important issue on hand- food! Today's recipe is another simple soup. What can I say- we have soup weather, although it is not quite as soupy here as some parts of the North-East US. This soup came together in minutes from whatever I had on hand in the fridge and freezer, and we enjoyed it so much that I decided it was blog-worthy.
In addition to these infantry-artillery forces from Mississippi, the Adams County troop of cavalry, the Chickasaw Rangers, and the Kemper County cavalry of Hampton's brigade, Stuart's division, also took part in the battle of Gettysburg.
I really would be working on The Shade Of The Moon Take Three, but it's hard to type when you're wearing a sleep mask. And blowing your nose. And sneezing.
We had a getaway night planned as a Christmas present from my mom's siblings. It has been planned for a while so we decided to go ahead and go. Scott's parents watched the kids and I was feeling almost back to normal. We were excited for a night away. I thought about the kids the whole time and I was hoping that they would be ok. Taleah had thrown up a few times that day so I was nervous. The night was great. The food was AMAZING! The cabin was so cute. I need to post about that soon. Turns out... the night was horrible. Slade woke up 4 times and Taleah didn't sleep great. She woke up and was in a lot of pain. She cried for mommy and I wasn't there. The mouth sores are all over her lips and she won't even open her mouth very big. She doesn't want to eat because she can't seem to keep much down. I can tell she is in so much pain. I ended up taking her in to get some fluids to prevent dehydration. Her numbers ended up looking good and not needing any transfusions or anything. The pain on her face is horrible though. Almost more than I can bare at times.
"I find that the immediate response from some people is to ask what's going on, what does it mean, where are the guidelines to tell me what's happened? You don't say that about your life. Or at least as you get older you stop saying that. I can only show the dance; if I explain it that may take something away."
When out the hellish legion sallied.
They were not only forcing people out of their homes, but then also depriving humans of their basic rights as they controlled how Cambodians acted, what they wore, who they could talk to, and many other aspects of their lives.
(This was our first Lindy Hop, we killed, it was awesome, I couldn’t believe it.)
I got a little behind on scrapbooking this past week, but yesterday I was able to finish the layout I'd started for Sketch #9 of Kelly Purkey's Sketchbook 4 class. I also made a card for Austin for his birthday (coming up in a week & a half) using this sketch last night.
Post the trip to Isdoud, the plan is a swing to the North – Haifa, Akka, Nasra, and hopefully a trip to Yaffa on the way back to Ramallah. Getting to see Yaffa this time around with some friends would be great and a nice way to end the week. Inshallah, everything works out. People have been amazing so far in me planning this week, but I will speak more to that after the big trip.
brings in a circus catch
Brilliant.
“Every year, AMAA wears a cloth of Pan-Africanism,” Head of the College of Screeners Shaibu Hussein told me on the eve of the Awards in 2011. “We don’t touch films with low production values.”
In the chest you may have the feeling of pain or suffocation of breath and then you feel the power. When it first happened in this body I used to say it is like “some one has kept a generator on my chest and is generating tremendous power”. That was in 1987.
Draw close, shine for the world to see
There will be surprises. You’ll be learning about how your wife reacts to things you’ve never tried before. Sometimes it will be wonderful and other times it will be dreadful. Consider it all a learning experience.
Wow, Wow, Wow...just WOW! I finished reading this last night but felt I needed to sleep on it before I could write my review. It's morning now and I am still no closer to being able to do this book justice.
rather exclusive Fairlight. Nowadays samplers are cheap and
I am a crisis junkie.
As I read about Joseph’s brothers coming to him to buy food, I saw so many similarities between the interaction of Joseph’s brothers with him, and our typical human interactions with God.
How long have you got? Swallows and Amazons, probably, but also the Narnia books and Winnie the Pooh. If we’re talking younger than that: Asterix, Each Peach Pear Plum, The Jolly Postman, Brambley Hedge, Tim and Charlotte, Captain Pugwash…
The twins were born on September 29th and are at home, healthy and thriving. Mya Faith 4 lb. 11oz. and Maxwell Paul (after his beloved Grandfather) at 5 lb. 9 oz. Congratulations to all of you!! We are so grateful to have been witness to such a special story and to capture a moment of this sacred time. Welcome to our world Mya and Max...you are deeply loved!!
1st release from him..
3. Share two (2) "teaser" sentences from somewhere on that page.
I mentioned earlier that the control we exert over our children can work in the short term. It may take effort, and we need to have the stomach for the inevitable conflicts, at least until our kids wear down and stop fighting. We can control bedtimes, and behavior, and school performance, and participation in various activities. Sometimes, we can do this with relative ease, especially if the child actually enjoys these activities. More often, it is not easy and sets up an adversarial relationship between parent and child that can last a lifetime. But it can be done, in the short term.
Sometimes, I don’t like cleaning
This is an easy accompaniment to chicken, pork, burgers ... even turkey!
12-Solsbury Hill
To date, the city has spent more than $1.5 billion on the improvements. It’s expected to cost another $445 million to complete the consent decree-related work.
And it's time for possibly the last wedding post next week which will include details about our amazing DJ, our lovely and talented MC's and the gorgeous musicians.
So I can't come to explain why several weeks back I got my hands on both Vampire on Titus, and Propeller, again. It might have been the few tracks from it coming up on the Matador-era best-of CD that I have on my iPod, or it might have just been something I saw on a (shhhh) torrent site and said, well, why not?
We men – lie sometimes.
Rueful chuckle.
When humans feel lonely they long for the company of others to distract them from loneliness. For some it’s a feeling of wanting to be loved and appreciated. Look at this quote by Mark R J Lovoie: “Life dies inside a person when there are no others willing to be-friend him. He thus gets filled with emptiness and a non-existent sense of self-worth.”
Hops: Northern Brewer, Fuggles, other unidentified hops. Dry-hopped with Fuggles.
check out the ideas and play along.
It seems the children who grew up with “tough teeth” thanks to Mrs Marsh and her liquid and chalk demonstrations in the ’70s and ’80s are neglecting their own children’s teeth. Children are brushing less regularly, not visiting the dentist as often and consuming more sugary drinks than water.
“We see the devastation that happens when you pass up capital improvements,” declared Sliwa, papering over decades of urban redevelopment and sounding like, well, the talk-show host he is.
Wild Greens*
The volume control that’s calibrated to ten has clearly been set at twelve. The cat in the hat, who’s setting these controls for the heart of this sun – Natty Dread – nods his flowing locks in satisfaction; his deftness on the decks is disembowelling music into a whole new art form.
I moved to Minneapolis nearly 4 years ago. When I got here, I got a new phone number, one with a 612 area code. Like many things I buy, it was second hand. Unfortunately, unlike a vintage dress, it's old life couldn't be simply washed out of it. For months and months, I'd get phone calls, voice mails, text messages for someone named "Keri" or maybe "Carrie" or "Carey" or "Karrey." Occasionally, I'd try to imagine who this Keri person was who had my phone number before. At first, it seemed like a lot of the people who were calling were old, so I thought that maybe Keri was an old person with a young person's name. But then she got phone calls from people who sounded young too. Maybe she was a young person who had a lot of old friends.
You have surely seen the impressive side by side comparisons between standard televisions and high definition ones. So you might find yourself entertaining the idea of upgrading, and now is easier to do this than it ever has been. I would urge you to start your search with Sony. They have been a first rate company for most high tech devices, and high definition televisions are no exceptions. Simply go into your favorite search engine and type in “Sony KDL32V5810<U+2033>.
Publication Year: 2012
week and be sure to use a High Hopes image
What are you passionate about? What inspires you? Goals need to be owned by the goal setter. And if the level of challenge is high, and you believe the reward is more than sufficient, the goal itself will drive and motivate you towards achieving it. I used to be a marathon runner until I was in a major car accident that prevented me from participating in that sport ever again. But I loved outdoor sports and wanted to stay active. I searched for a new dream – to learn how to “hike” the Rockies instead. My motivation was that it would give me exercise outdoors, plus the exhilaration of mastering the majestic mountains.
About jobs, there’s less unemployment than in the rest of UK, but at the same time because its smaller you will probably have more trouble finding one. The nice thing is that any job you manage to get will allow you a very nice quality of life, because its good in general terms. In terms of immigration, there’s very few immigrant which I like a lot. A lot of people still think that Northern Ireland is a warzone where Catholics and Protestants still bomb each other on daily basis. Not so, while there is the occasional incident here and there its not common and rarely gets people seriously injured or killed. Among the middle class people I guess we all just want to get along in spite of the different political agendas each one may have, and simply live in peace. Besides certain specific locations where segregation still exists, there’s no clash between immigrants of different cultural and religious backgrounds. I read how sometimes in England they have these Islamic terrorists, the diversity gets shoved down people’s throats because its so different people forced to live almost one on top of the other. An added benefit to that is that being the rare immigrant, people are more opened to you and less suspicious. Locals are surprised you even chose to immigrate here. ”Why did you move here?”. My answer is “because it’s a great place to live in!”. That brings a smile to people’s faces and they quickly agree, proud that someone thinks that way instead of just looking scared because of what they’ve heard of the Troubles.
Infinium
as I try to
Stevia, to taste
I have over 500 pictures to choose from (Im slowly trying to at least get them up on Facebook), tons of schoolhouse info and other news. Hopefully in the next day or two I'll get some quality time with my computer!
I'll dream paisley colored thoughts until the light show in the sky nudges me awake...an electrical parade just for me....
8. Write short notes on any two of the following:
Nia-Malika Henderson
The zombie is a great monster for a lot of different reasons. It shows what we are when the rules of society and civilization break down, and they show us what we’ll be sooner or later- we’ll be dead.
niyaccha manyu<U+1E41> kad ada<U+1E25> sma ma na<U+1E25>
Consider now the power of the media. In the UK, tobacco companies have been banned from advertising their products on television, such is the potency of TV adverts, so they have instead used other mediums of advertising:
Tragedy could strike at any time after all! There are two things I really want to happen if I snuff it in the prime of youth.
“This is the Mecca. We dream of coming on May 1 to celebrate with the Cubans, who are the light in the road for the rest of Latin America,” he said before joining the parading masses.
"While it remained unsold, did it not remain your own? And after it was sold, was it not under your control? Why is it that you have conceived this deed in your heart? You have not lied to men but to God."
I’ve mentioned that I’m on the JV team of the challenge since I have not yet reached awesome endurance runner status. (Have no doubt that I’ll get there, but these things take time & work. I’m willing!)
Ad's Trace Elliot is still at the doctors so he was playing through the PA. That's no fun in a rehearsal room, but he still managed to make it sound decent.
Hugs and blessings
The lesson to me:
The sky darkened once more and the black specks resumed falling as the voice boomed, "Answer!"
Join a creative writing class or a local group. Practise free-writing – every day or once a week. Listen to what is in you and be curious as to where it leads you. Don’t share your early stage writing with all and sundry. But do try and find a writing pal. They are like gold. I have one and she is a jewel. She lives by a forest and believes in the magic of words.
But, deep down, I'm happy being on my own. I don't need a lot of social stuff to keep me topped up with sunshine.
Contest Rules:
I sat down determined to fight laziness. I stared at the blank page and imagined the face of my teacher. I imagined her scolding me for not doing my homework, and I immediately had an incentive to write. My pen was about to touch the page, when my eyes fell on one of the thick books that I brought. Stupid, I thought, I should be subjected to a full mental check-up. Better yet, I should be sent to an institution for severely ignorant beings. Why? I had mistakenly taken my Birthday Secrets book instead of my thesaurus.
3. Jem and the Holograms- Now this was one of my favorites and I clearly remember on my first day of Kindergarten we were asked to sing the theme song from our favourite show. I belted out “Jem… Jem is truly outrageous. Truly, truly, truly outrageous Woo ooo Jem… Jem the music’s contagious.” I even remember getting Jem blue and pink eye shadow and loading it on my eyes.
I went crazy with the stapler, M decided on all the positioning and then she went all out with a glitter pen. Doesn't she look sweet? There was so many gorgeous creations and the kids were having a great time. I was glad to be there, glad to have some flexibility with work. It's so hard being a mum who works. These moments in time are so precious but it can be a fight to make them happen.
if it's done masterfully.
LEIGHTON L, WILLIAMS M, AUBERY D, PARKER SH. Sickness absence following a campaign of vaccination against influenza in the workplace. Occup Med 1996; 46: 146-150.
In today world, it is very common that ladies seldom have the luxury of their time due to the morning rush to prepare for work.
2. Share this note on your profile. Tell your friends. If we can spread the word about our cash crisis, we can hopefully find more sales and save our literary publishing. Remember it's just one book, that's all it takes to save us. Please do it now.
My stomach clenches, my heart rattles painfully inside my chest. “No.”
Perhaps today I can take a few minutes to really pray, to really be up-front with what it is that I want. This is the great risk of prayer: when I offer what I really and truly want, when I honestly present my heart's desires, I risk the possibility of rejection. My sinful side clamors, "Keep it in! Keep it in! Better silent and not disappointed!!" while my heart encourages, "Pray, you idiot, and perhaps what you think you want is far less than what you truly desire." This day, may it be my goal to pray my desire, to knock at the door and to make known what it is that I yearn for. While I may not get exactly what I think I want, I shall be confident that even if I don't get what I want, I can take comfort in knowing that God, the Host of Heaven, is extending to me more than I could ever even imagine: himself and his friendship.
Jesus reaches up but not far enough, and he falls. His hands and his arms and his body detach from the scaffold and out he goes, into the air, clear space all around him. Lazarus swipes at his clothes and clings on, hauls him up and over and onto the safe flat roof. It is an impossible achievement, an unbelievable rescue.
Thanks to everyone who's played along with us, it's been another Fantastic year for Charisma Challenges and we couldnt have done it without you all!
So the early economists arrived at conclusions which strongly reinforced traditional British ideas about the value and importance of individual liberty in general. And classical liberal ideas had great influence in 19th century Britain. British politics at that time could in fact be seen as competing versions of liberalism, with the more Leftist version to be found in the British Liberal party. Note that it was a Conservative leader -- Peel -- who sponsored Catholic emancipation and abolished the restrictive corn laws. Perhaps because of Disraeli's extension of the franchise, however, the old gentlemanly British Liberal party was steadily eclipsed in the early 20th century by the rise to prominence of Statist ideas -- particularly Marxist, Fabian and Fascist ideas. And conservative politics came to be dominated by the need to combat, refute and compromise with the new Statist ideas -- with the old liberal ideas becoming secondary. Late in the 20th century, however, under the influence of writings by Hayek (1944), Ayn Rand (1977) and many others, the original liberal ideas were powerfully revived and extended -- when they came to be known among the cognoscenti as "neo-liberalism" or "Libertarianism". They are perhaps best known to the world at large, however, as "Reaganomics" or "Thatcherism" -- from their most prominent and successful political proponents.
7lbs 12ozs
Things are looking very different from the days of Luis Garcia scoring a wonder goal against Juventus or that miraculous comeback in Istanbul – something that is often used as a defence mechanism by Liverpool fans when you question their lack of success.
Efforts in the 1990's to tear down these pillars of failed public policy, and give the former residents vouchers to move into private rental housing birthed fears that these refugees would bring the projects' ill repute into their new communities. These fears, founded on a mix of contradictory liberal NIMBY-dom, decades of de-facto segregation, and a sprinkle of racism seem for the most part to have proven false in at least two major cities.
Anonymous is not an award grabbing movie, nor is it a terrible film. If you are a conspiracy fan this may interest you. Any true lover of Shakespeare will dispute all claims and it is most likely a theory that will never be proven and will stay just that, a theory.
Today's guest mix subject is "V-DAY". Read, download, listen, swoon, repeat.
Cardstock: GinaK Designs
For ancient Celts, the mistletoe was a symbol of fertility and rebirth, as it is an evergreen parasite that clings to its host even after the host tree has died.
For much more grant information, as well as market info and contest listings, visit Hope's website, FundsforWriters.com.
Mitt Romney was asked today about racial statements in the Book of Mormon. He avoided answering the question.
This is a Magpie Tale. To read more or participate, click here!
This is an ideal work to be used in a classroom. Giving children knowledge of this disease before he or she has to actually face it, as many, many will, gives them a bit of a head start in the process of learning to deal with the many issues they will be faced.
By the way, I got married in 1989, and I hadn’t seen those families in a very long time. Everyone still alive showed up for the wedding, and I realized how deep those connections were. I called them all my Other Mothers. It was true. I think Mrs. Lerman (also my grandmother’s maiden name), Mrs. Goldberg (an homage to Molly Goldberg), and Mrs. Rosen come from there—all the Jewish mothers.
At 7 a.m., my heavy sleeper woke up and was ready to go. It would have been a great morning to stay in bed and read, what with the wind, rain and lightening, but it was just too hot to lock ourselves in, and nothing on the island (ie. nature center) was open, so short of hanging out in the restroom or sweltering in the trailer, there weren't many options. So we packed up (I got a freshwater shower in the process) and headed to Marathon Key where we happened upon "Stuffed Pig," a local favorite breakfast spot. Pecan pancakes and other treats hit the table minutes before the lightening FIRST struck just across the street. KABOOM! Midway through our meal, KABOOM again! Certainly the most EXCITING breakfast we've experienced.
The whole concert reminded me strongly of the “Dreigroschenoper”, but less interesting, less captivating, less haunting. In short: I am glad I had a chance to attend this free concert, but unlike a large part of the audience, I was not enchanted. I am totally not tempted to attend any of the concerts in Rotterdam where the complete program will be performed.
In actual practice, the most commonly used species concept is the morphological species concept. Quite simply, species are organisms that we can differentiate based on visible anatomical or morphological features.
Watch the Video for yourself
The “Man, Just Move On. Nobody Will Notice if You Stop Pointing it Out” Response
Even cooler is that the guy informed me he wasn't looking for much because he had received the card as a throw-in, and was just happy to see it go to a good home and a collector who would appreciate it. Hell, he even insinuated a dollar or two would suffice, but I'll definitely be sending him the five bones he originally requested. It's my newest Getzlaf, and one I'm really happy to have.
Cheese Enchiladas (served with Chile con Carne in the book, but easily adaptable to be vegetarian)
For many in the raw food community (and vegan/vegetarian), they’ve had to have the courage or the confidence to deal with those who think they’re being weird (beyond health reasons). The questions, the looks, the “tsk tsks” or whatever. Why is that anyway? It goes for both sides, though. I think everyone should be understanding and respectful of each other’s choices and if
Hello Peeps !!!
All in all, we had a great time and got to visit some beautiful places.
Imagine finding your first love, only to be ripped apart by the apocalypse. Peyton Anderson will never forget the day she was forced to make a choice–between her family–and Chris Parker, the boy she’d given her heart. Now, four years later, as she steps from the fallout shelter and into a dead and broken world, he’s the only thing on her mind.
One of the empty shells popped out. The other remained stuck in the shotgun’s chamber. Xu Guan flicked it out with a fingernail and replaced the two empty shells with two more like them. Xu Guan had never seen 00 Buckshot before, but he liked its effects at relatively close range. One of the men was still screaming but the other was deathly silent.
After we got back we (as a family) went out for a nice, if not cramped, dinner. The place we went to is rather famed for its giant puddings and I decided I’d buy a slice of their newest cake which I can’t remember the name of! The nice thing is, if you buy a slice and can’t finish it they will put it in a take out box for you. They call it Cake-a-way.
As if it weren't enough that today if 4th of July, my little baby Eli is turning one today:
220.6 W
No touching, loving denied
8) Lamps are freaking EVERYWHERE. They have no shortage of light in this city.
I am not one of you. Money is one of many, many issues in my life where I am profligate. And willingly ignorant. Consider me the George W. Bush of personal finance. The anti-Suze Orman.
But recently I received an email in which I was asked to help someone not as a clinician but as a scientist. The person in question has a publicly open blog and youtube channel so I don't think he would mind me posting this; if he does he is free to ask for its removal. The body of the email is essentially the same as the blog. I also want to make clear that my goal is not to make light of individuals who may or may not have a disease of the mind, but to bring attention to it.
2 tsp. extra-virgin olive oil
With the long weekend that's comin' up fast
Power should be devolved to the lowest level possible so that local communities can make decisions which affect them.
The Devil Is My Friend
7.dead bitch
Luckily for me my wife arrived home about the same time the call ended. This allowed her to tell me what price she listed for my sweet Camaro because if the guy I had just finished talking with had tried to hand me a check for that ridiculously low amount then drive off with my car there would have been blood.
So what does this mean for men?
And then–has it been enough hours since I took my morning (or afternoon) meds? Is it too early to take my afternoon (or night) pills?
All of the other walls in the bedroom (including the one that the bed will sit up against) will be clad in white-painted planks of wood, so it's just these two small walls that will have blue/green/gray-colored paint on them.
Beads and ear rings: Mandala_ pearl rain
Dr. L, seemingly satisfied with the positioning, began the numbing process by injecting two spots on my back with lidocaine. After some rubbing and prodding he determined that I was ready to begin the procedure. And this is where, for me, the nightmare begins.
“That is why I have spoken with the high council,” Sister Lakosha continued cautiously. “We have decided that it is time you were sent on a mission to help our Alliance members.”
1. How can this movie ever exist. Have movies gone so far away from the classics that this is the next pitch. A movie about a male stripper. Honestly, I don’t know what to say anymore.
I send you hugs and kisses
I was also getting excited in the beginning b/c the baby's heart rate was 176 (OWT says +150 = girl, 150- = boy). But the hr always starts out high and then gradually drops. At my last appt. it was in the 140's and both of my boys were in the 142-145 range. Maybe baby was just sleeping? MIL says that BIL's heart rate was always really high and he's obviously a boy. . . We'll see what it is next Mon. at my next apt.
While he lay dying, she was still alive. When he was dead, she was still alive. Still alive. Still alive.
Source: Elle.com
Where is our evidence that the New Testament is also God-breathed?
Scalloped Circle Die, cut with nestabilities....
* I don't work in fiction, alas. But non-fiction is interesting too! Just, the uber-high-level technical books like Hydropaleogeographology of Prolific Sandstorms in the Asian Desert** might be a little dull for the lay-listener.
He commented, “It’s been a while since my last role as a human being. You’ll meet me behind closed doors!”
And I bought yarn to knit this . . .
sour like milk so see my style more like wine better with age.
JOB. Been searching the whole year. Had the help of a job coach the first 6 months. Didn’t help much except by fixing my CV a bit. Been to one interview during the year. One. Second half of the year has seen me searching on my own and taking part in a training program for two months where I learned to drive forklifts. The most useful result of the program being just that. The trainee part of the program felt most of all like a waste of everybody’s time because I was doing something I’ve done for 20 years already as an employee, but at least I had something to do for a month and got to be at a regular place of work. Have posted about this previously so I’ll skip the details of that experience.
8.Germany 64
The world of the book is very much our world, except that some people have paranormal gifts; this is taken for granted, and no explanations/detailed descriptions are offered. Although I'm curious about that side of things, I think this was a wise choice--it's not the point, and would have slowed things down.
In some cases the ingredient is available from more than one source. In general I tried to select the one with the lowest shipping charges.
7. What dates from 2009 will remain etched upon your memory, and why?
First and foremost, choose a nicely marbled piece of meat. This will enhance the flavor of your pot roast like nothing else. Generously salt and pepper your chuck roast.
- Passport number
Unlike the pastel multi-petalled English roses in my garden, these roses were bold and brash hybrid teas. These are not subtle roses; the blooms are huge, and the colours are vivid and richly saturated. One golden yellow rose was named Strike It Rich – appropriate for a state whose fortunes were transformed by the discovery of “black gold.” Houston is not really a subtle town. Hermann Park may be a green oasis in its center, but the city is ringed by miles of vast motorways and the cars are all huge. You can’t help but notice that the place is fiercely devoted to consumerism. The first thing we do when we get to Houston is eat Mexican food. The second thing? Go shopping.
Ahh! But you say,
Fine. Dismiss the poll, but something is going on and it has democrat strategist, James Carville, worried enough that he is sending a wake up call to his fellow democrats:
Be sure to print the coupon twice! Use zip 16214.
These beds turned up pretty much empty...a piece or two of small browns, a couple of "undercooked" pieces, nothing special...so north bound we continued, and as we passed a jetty we noticed a HUGE pile of shells along the jetty and up on the beach along the high tide line...and I mean H U G E! A few inches deep, and several feet wide...3 big collections that were apparently left behind by what must have been an especially powerful high tide...and this collection of shells was found nowhere else on the beach...and we walked several blocks and never even came across a sign that anything like this would be possible on this day (I had not seen a collections of shells on LBI in a couple years, and that was immediately after a severe Nor'eastern that coincided with a New Moon)
With summer around the corner and a container of grape tomatoes and a bunch of fresh basil beckoning me, I decided take my favorite summertime appetizer and convert it into a salad.
“Don't 'cariad' me, boyo.” I respond, keeping my voice deliberately light. “I'll tell you when I'm ready. Maybe soon. Just not tonight.”
I’ve been to all five Fat Tuesdays on the Vegas strip. I also went to the original one on Bourbon street in New Orleans where I met a lusty lover boy. (New Orleans has 20 stores overall). Other locations include: Philly, Miami, Puerto Rico.
It is possible that most of us suffer from this terrible affliction - our bodies running away from the soul, mostly because we are very confused. We are not sure which one is which - 'who' is running the show at this very moment - therefore the 'split soul.' Only when we connect with our 'Inner Self' and therefore to Nature - we can recognize 'the other' for what it really is.
At the university, my writing has been noticed a lot lately. I have no idea where this all came from, but it might have something to do with the fact that I've been writing like a nutcase lately. Write, and improve, I guess that's the natural cycle. But success is so strange, and it's all dumping down on my head at once. This is a good thing, definitely a good thing! But strange. And a bit overwhelming. AND UNEXPECTED. Did I mention that yet? Because that's a big one.
The observation raises some questions about my own faith, though. Do I follow Jesus because of the magic tricks as the implications immediately after the events in Cana? Am I just after the miracles or is my following Christ deeper than that? Have I matured to understand what he really came to do? Do I get stuck on the external, visible manifestation of his glory to have faith in him? Or because of my ongoing relationship with him, am I confident that he is who he says he is?
1 1/2 tsp. vanilla extract
EFF 75%
I had him through x-rays last year, looking for a bone fragment, but there is none. His jaw has healed as it should. So we are dealing with a fistula. Awesome… over the last six months it has been going down, the swelling has been none existent, although a tiny hole has remained, leaking a small amount of pus and since it has not seemed to bother him, my vet and I kept our fingers crossed, hoping that it would drain out now and heal up for good.
So why are you still blogging until now?
- I say: How could that lad not see Stan sitting in his car, he was right across the road? I must be nosey because if a car was sat opposite my house with the driver staring across, I’m pretty sure I would notice. Oh, the lad did notice. Thought so.
I found some beautiful glass jars at the dollar store and I wanted to alter them to match my craft studio which is very shabby chic :) I love to use these jars to store my buttons. I used beautiful Iamroses flowers and vintage laces that I've been collecting. I also made some handmade flowers to put on top of the lid. These were a lot of fun to alter and I hope you all like them!!
Yolk of the Day- A post/video of the most impressive play of the day will be
despite all this, the gym is closing because… Well, presumably because of money. Or lack thereof. But this is what I really don’t understand. Apparently we needed twenty more members to go into profit. Just twenty bodies. Yet 1610 (yeah, I know, isn’t it such a stupid name? Can a number even be a name??) barely advertised the facility and seemed uninterested in encouraging more people. Not long ago I wrote a long email to them suggesting ideas for boosting membership (family memberships, links with GP surgery, better marketing, etc. etc.) – I never received a reply.
Felicia Day, creator, writer and star of The Guild has taken her love of the internet and everything nerdy and created a webchannel with some of her closest and funniest friends.
It has become popular in pop-psychology to blame the parents for the child’s issues. Too much mommy, not enough daddy. Too much discipline, not enough love. Never breastfed, never hugged, never came to my Little League games. On and on it goes until we have absolved the individual of any real responsibility for any decision they have ever made and reduced the identity of the individual to the sum of the upbringing, environment, and genetics. Encouraging right? How is your esteem now?
The agreement was negotiated in total secrecy. The state of Alaska was not allowed to participate in the negotiations, nor was the public given any opportunity for comment. This is despite the fact the Alaska Legislature has passed resolutions of opposition – but the State Department doesn’t seem to care.
I've always thought the ubiquitous Graham Crackers were ridiculously hard to make, so I was super excited to finally crack it. In addition, I had never even heard of Nanaimo bars, which is a shame because I live so close to B.C. just hours away.
“I keep the receipts of every transaction. I don’t know how she could have so much of money,” he added.
Dealing with the lack of care from the ‘caring’ profession has been almost as hard as dealing with the injury. Knowing in your bones that you are ill, but its not being acknowledged or taken seriously is, as many people sadly know, extremely distressing. In my case, if I had received the appropriate care on the day of the accident and in the weeks immediately following, I feel sure that I would be closer to recovery now and that the past eight months would have been more bearable. It was only after seeing three different doctors over the course of the year that I summoned up the resolve and mental energy, in November, to go to a fourth GP and ask for a referral to a specialist. This week, at last, I saw a neurologist. He made it clear that I should have been referred to neurological specialists on the day of the accident or as soon as possible thereafter. It is, he said all too common for significant brain injuries to be overlooked by primary healthcare professionals (your GP, in Britain) and for patients to have to cope alone, being eventually – if at all – referred to neurology months too late to be helpful.
(Fresh) basil and/ or oregano
(1) The Huron Carol: This is a gift from our Canadian neighbors, and it was written in the 17th century. My Granther from Nova Scotia taught me the words, and it’s just lovely.
Turning her concealment argument to the lawyers, Murphy suggested that the defense attorneys had “withheld” 1000 pages of documents (sometimes she said the figure was 1200). In fact, Judge Osborn Smith had ordered the pages to be sealed, because they contained Mangum’s psychological records. That ruling had been made in open court, and was widely reported; defense attorneys releasing the records would have placed them in contempt.
“Community groups across Victoria clearly understand what Ted Baillieu does not – that short term profits from coal and coal seam gas will cost Australians our health, our prime agricultural land and our climate,” said Australian Greens Deputy Leader, Senator Christine Milne.
As a company, we can not claim that we are a gluten free facility as we do not specifically test for gluten and we have a test kitchen on site that does contain flour. The blending and packaging room is completely separate from the kitchen, but legally we can not advertise our blends as being "gluten free".
The cover of New York magazine reads "9/11 One Day, Ten Years" superimposed over an image of smoke from the World Trade Center after the Towers were struck.
I am astounded and amazed at her depth of knowledge of baking..cooking etc..
47. Thee Headcoats - We're Gone
I shake the sugar sachet before tearing it.
But I know a change gonna come, oh yes it will”
The other day I was looking for something random… I can’t recall now what it was… but I came across this article about how the internet has some websites that promote eating disorders. A sad truth, and unfortunately not one that probably surprises any of us. But I kept seeing the article mention anorexia and bulemia (mainly because these are both disorders that “allow” someone to become extremely thin and so someone might have a website on “how” to be extremely thin)… and it just made me start to think… when will overeating be in that list of widely recognizable eating disorders. Because in my opinion, America’s obesity rates are not due to McDonald’s and Pop Tarts (although, it certainly can be said that neither of those are helping the obesity trends), but due to overeating. Whether it be overeating at three meals a day, overeating by grazing all day, or overeating by not eating all day and then consuming way more than needed in one sitting, overeating is the cause.
Once these tears dry up, I will moistly remember my love
My first question was this… if you are not losing weight with Weight Watchers are you being honest with yourself? Did you track what you were eating – accurately? That means measuring your portions – accurately. That means tracking EVERYTHING that you put in your mouth – EVERYTHING…
You are a demeaning, cruel, manipulative bitch. I love and have loved you so much ever since I can remember. However, I cannot withstand it anymore. I am cutting off my ties with you, and my sister. I left no forwarding information, and avoid what contact I can via social networking sites.
I do not disbelieve them.
Those horses are BIG.
I was ready to give up on the Sookie series after the last two books but seeing as the series is coming to an end with next year's book I will finish it up. Plus I've been seeing great reviews on it so I'm crossing my fingers that it's an enjoyable read. If not I didn't spend any $ on it since I picked it up from the library.
They straigtened my shoulders.............
Ok, to get my mind off of the pending email telling me whether or not I got into my major (eek!! I'll get it today!!) I'm opening up to questions!
It's noticeable that ATP Recordings acts have been handed primetime slots - but then it's ATP's party and they can fix the bill in their favour if they want to. Exhibit A: APSE, making the first of two appearances in Reds Bar. At least I think it's Apse - it's hard to believe that the band who stand before us are the same band responsible for Spirit. But 'tis indeed they, and a set heavy on new material from its successor Climb Up proves a real disappointment, suggesting an abandonment of Spirit's atmospheric, tribal and frequently fascinating post-rock in favour of bland structure and convention.
Author: Rachel Vincent
This outfit, of course, is not so everyday--at least not for me, not with those pants. But the jacket! I'm in love with the idea of tuxedo jackets, have been for months now, and this shows me why.
Sitting on the wall by the post office, passing the time of day.
1 finely
The Blip Festival has been the chiptune scene’s Woodstock since it started in 2006 as a collaboration between indie chip label 8bitpeoples and New York arts center The Tank. New Yorker Kris Keyser, one of this year’s performers, describes the Blip Festival as a cathartic, unifying experience that underscores the sense of community in the chip scene.
Lori Ospina is Regional Program Officer for Grameen Foundation’s Latin America and Caribbean region.
"We acknowledge that the juxtaposition, on the one hand, of use of a mark on the Internet, and on the other hand, the seeking of a geographically restricted registration is troubling. Indeed, in the age of the Internet, concurrent use registrations premised on geographically distinct uses appear to be a legal fiction as the Internet is accessible not only nationwide but world-wide."
William and his father go to visit his grandmother, who bitterly snipes at William for not coming to see her until now. Mrs. Popper, according to her butler Holmes, has been having trouble lately with black boys who run into her yard and climb on her roof; Mr. Popper suggests she allow those boys to set up a youth club in her yard, but she will have none of it (she wants to buy some police dogs for protection). She also reprimands William for his relationship with Jane: "You think I don't know how you live, but I do. I know you're living with a Jewish girl... Don't smile at me!"
"Do you have a preference for white guys and what do you think about Taiwanese guys who aggressively refuses to be with a Taiwanese guy in any way?"
One of the world’s most exclusive, luxury clothing brands, Thomas Pink, debuts in South Africa this season with the opening of its first store on African soil at Hyde Park Corner in Johannesburg.
So what is this recipe doing in a book published 20 years or more before Francis Coulson invented his famed dish?
Gayle Loiselle, one of the founders and managers of Nourished by Nature LLC, had this to say about Judge Fiedler’s ruling: “As a plaintiff in this case I find it completely ludicrous that Judge Fiedler ruled I have no right to own and drink milk from MY cow, because I may get sick…. Clearly, this issue is not about protecting the health of consumers. It is rather about control of the production, distribution and sale of all milk and milk products.”
Yow MD. Congenital cytomegalovirus disease: a NOW problem. J Infect Dis 1989; 159: 163-167.
Scared to be honest
Cameron spoke about ‘other representative bodies’ other than the MCB. Which other ‘representative bodies’? We’ve already seen that the MAB is, if anything, more extreme and Islamist than the MCB. What about the Muslim Public Affairs Committee (MPACUK)? That group has a history of anti-semitism and encouraging Muslim block-voting. Its logic is simple: vote only for Muslim MPs. This explains why many Muslims vote Labour – because Labour has Muslim and Asian MPs. Thus the Conservative’s ‘first Muslim MP’, according to Cameron, can only be a positive thing in the tribal politics of Islam.
It is humility that brings a soul to nothing before God, which also removes every hindrance to faith. One can only wonder what would have become of her daughter if she had reacted in pride like many would have.
I am trying to decide if, when and how I should reach out to this couple. I don't want to overstep my bounds as I have never met them. Hell, I don't even know their names. Do I give them a list of resources; online forums, grief support groups, my phone number? Do I send them a card via the sitter?
Would we idly, quiet stay;
Hope everyone is having an awesome week!
I think it’s fair to say that in reaching this milestone, no one was more surprised than moi – that’s French for me for those of you who didn’t learn French by taking a class or listening to Miss Piggy and since she liked to interject French into her lines on the Muppet Show whenever I type or read “moi” I hear her voice. Now, that I think about it, you are probably more surprised than moi, but I just wanted an excuse to use “moi” in a sentence. You couldn’t have known how close I was because I don’t have that hit tracker visible on my blog. I do, however, occasionally look at my stats, so I saw the milestone approaching or rather I saw my blog hits approaching that milestone.
the GOP hates Obama?
passing by streets of celestial calm
Although they look a bit of a clash together, I feel it's something I want to do so I can enjoy them all instead of them being in a suitcase! Here are some photos of the initial stages - laying them out to see what could work together. Next stage is washing them all by hand, ironing them and cutting them into exact squares. I shall keep you posted on my progress - it might take a while as I've got my fingers in lots of pies!
AB: Rumors are always swirling around everything, specifically in sports. The NHL is not currently looking to expand, nor do I think they will look to do so in the upcoming decade. The only professional sports league that has more than 30 teams is the NFL, and any league is nuts if they believe they can compete with Roger Goodell. Contraction, however, is a different issue. Do I think that the league has 30 financially healthy teams? No. But is it really helpful to contract teams? I’m not too sure about that, but it surely doesn’t look good public relations-wise if the league shuts down franchises that it granted just a couple decades ago. No sports league has an even playing field when it comes to money, because every franchise is run differently and various markets respond differently to everything. The NHL needs to find a way to get a more even keel for all 30 teams. You’re never going to prevent the Montreals or the New Yorks or the Philadelphias or Torontos from dominating the market financially. But there are ways to balance the playing field immensely and make sure that the Floridas, Tampa Bays, Dallases, and Phoenixes are able to fairly compete.
What a odious cynic you are.’
19After the Lord Jesus had spoken to them, he was taken up into heaven and he sat at the right hand of God. 20Then the disciples went out and preached everywhere, and the Lord worked with them and confirmed his word by the signs that accompanied it. (Mark 16:15-20)
6. Cool Kiss
Every once in a while you get a comment from someone who loves what you have done because of the meaning behind it - that is why we scrapbook - to help preserve those memories and to leave a lasting legacy for future generations to know about us and our ancestors - so glad that this LO is loved by those it is special to - it is a beautiful reminder of why I scrap :) xxxx
Wait, he said, I think I
* He has difficulty following conversations either in person or on the telephone.
Beer Count: ? 7ish?
Its acolytes try to describe its power to me. It's a session beer, they say. But that doesn't do it justice. It's more than that, it's... oh, you just have to taste it, they say, and then, every time, they say, "Of course, there are only about five pubs in the world that sell it. And they're all in Birmingham and the West Midlands."
he held up a stick
What is your all time favorite band (besides us)?
Mac Miller – Clarity (Prod. By ID Labs & Ritz Reynolds)
c) The top two shelves were virtually un-usable. I couldn't reach anything at the top and I needed a step latter to get to it... one that doesn't have space to be stored in the pantry.
For those of you that are still wondering why, here is a few of the reasons. First is the weather. For me this is a big draw, I do not like snow and I do not like heat. There is very little of either there. The winters are mild and rainy, but not rainy like it is here. Its a drizzly rain, not hours of downpour. It was watching “Little People, Big World” that originally drew me to the weather. Second is the affordability of land in proximity to the city. We love both the city and the country and we want a piece of each. In Portland we can have that. You can live literally 20 minutes outside the city and have 5 acres for the same price as 60 or more miles outside of Chicago. The homes we are looking at are in the 200's with 3-5 bedrooms on at least 5 acres and within 30minutes of Portland, where we will be starting a Tea Shop. Which brings me to third point, the culture. We love the culture, we love the open-mindedness and the friendliness. We love the hipsters! I love the fact that skateboarding is still popular and there are quality skateparks everywhere. In short, its a great place to live and open our tea shop and eventually start a dog rescue. The business model Ace has come up with, can easily thrive in Portland and I believe our family can too.
Yes, this does seem a bit dramatic, but all of it has a bit of truth embedded deep inside the proclamation. My children are disgusting...I have several examples from this past week to prove it and I was also a bad Mommy this week...my children ate at McDonald's for lunch two days in a row! I can hear the chorus of sighs and gasps from you all the way over here at my house! Don't worry...My kids are not overweight, I didn't bride them with Happy Meals, and 50% of their lunch consisted of yogurt parfaits. So what if they washed the yogurt down with french fries and ketchup! So, why are my kids disgusting?? Well, here are a few examples!
I was pleased to learn that a half cup of this juice is equal to one full serving of fruit - a stress-free way to help us meet her recommended daily intake of fruits and vegetables.
I created a label for this year with a poem that I wrote for the end of the year. I loved the one that I found online last year but it was a bit too long for the labels. To use these labels, download a copy and print on Avery 4"x 2" shipping labels.
3. Heat oil in a frying pan and put the chicken legs on hot oil. Fry them by turning them occasionally until the color become golden brown. Bring the fried chicken on a plate.
The Big Girls and Daddy rode the carousel, Paige waited in her stroller with Mama. We walked the boardwalk along the beach, had a yummy lunch, searched for shells, and visited the Candy Shop.
The spirit of Murillo is indicated by the fact that he never began a religious painting without prayer and penance, and also by the practice of the pupils of the art school which he founded, who met with the salutation: "Praised be the Most Holy Sacrament and the pure Conception of Our Lady!"
Pappa was one of the last holdouts.
MARCH: Attractive personality. Sexy. Affectionate. Shy and reserved. Secretive. Naturally honest, generous and sympathetic. Loves peace and serenity. Sensitive to others. Loves to serve others. Easily angered. Trustworthy. Appreciative and returns kindness. Observant and assesses others. Revengeful. Loves to dream and fantasize. Loves traveling. Loves attention. Hasty decisions in choosing partners. Loves home decors. Musically talented. Loves special things. Moody.
Your heart is arguably the most important organ in your body. It beats approximately 100,000 times a day or 35 million times in a year. During your lifetime, your heart will beat more than 2.5 billion times. Find a tennis ball and give a good, hard squeeze. That is how much force your heart exerts every time it pumps blood out of the heart. Even when you’re lounging on the couch the muscles of your heart work harder than your leg muscles when you’re at a full sprint!
In lieu of a review of the neo-bobo-Canalside-Indian, here are a few of my iPhone notes taken down during last night's dinner:
1 Corinthians 1:18
~Well. it's midnight now--Happy New Year!! I hear fire works going off outside but I have no idea where they are coming from.
Charlotte Moss.
We have to start holding each other to a higher standard.
I went with my mom to a party... I always have a great time with her!!!!
Antineoplaston therapy was developed by Stanislaw Burzynski, a Polish doctor, who began practicing in Houston, Texas. Burzynski has isolated a chemical, deficient in those with cancer, that he believes stops cancer growth, and his treatment has shown some promise.
Roy pushed the elevator button. They stepped inside when the doors opened and arrived at the waiting room to find Mr. Bowen had nodded off, his chin on his chest.
12. BOTTOMLESS BELLY BUTTON/MOME SHORT STORIES
That beautiful sunset you wanted to capture, the gorgeous flowers in your garden, the view from some high spot on your last trip...
The big new development, I hope, would be in community groups — not only local government but also, for instance, in joint funding arrangements in, say. Aboriginal communities, or areas of great unemployment. ¦
The ironic thing is, to escape, we must get in cars and drive hours away, and even then, must work to get away from vehicular noise.
Jon was coming out with this new book called, "Quitter". I listened to him talk about how he habitually quit jobs. That really he excelled at that! My mind immediately thought of my husband who had been struggling with what he really wanted to do when he "grows" up. (Maybe he was having a third life crisis. He's only 34)
Inside, the house she and her husband once shared
I often find that the intensity flavor varies by flower. You may want to add more water if the drink is a bit too intense.
11Having the glory of God: and her light was like unto a stone most precious, even like a jasper stone, clear as crystal;
The Summit Team members were charged with talking with librarians, distributors, and publishers about how readers find books. We met in focus groups, one-on-one interviews, catch-as-catch-can talks on the trade show floor, and at meals. Everyone we talked with was happy to share ideas with us—frequently they seemed thrilled that someone would ask!
4. Are you seeking your ambitions or your spouses? At the end of the day most marriages look like this…one person has given up his or her dream for the other person. They put their ambitions on the back bunner, and here’s the reality…most people will hold resentment as a result. Men… 9 times out of 10, your spouse is not that interested in watching you do something like fishing or playing video games. She may say with a smile on her face she is…but she is BORED out of her mind. Women….men don’t want to want to do the dishes. When both spouses are seeking each others ambitions its amazing how those ambitions seem to open up to Jesus. Your spouse is your help mate and you have a purpose that Jesus has set before you. Always remember that.
Healthy Living
Today, I'm here to tell you about the third book on the "Blog Book Tour", and an absolutely FABULOUS giveaway that I am sharing with you only because there are two to give away....so after I win one, there will still be one left for one of you!
Section – 1
The focus point of this documentary will be on the participants of this event. The issue covered in this documentary has a relatively light-hearted background on a global scale and will concentrate on the drive and motivation to participate in such a barbarian event in a modern society. This includes the question of why would an individual go through this pain, which is associated with this physical and mental challenge. Gathering information about different types of personal preparation, capturing opinions and emotions on the event day and evaluating post-event effects will help to illuminate this matter.
I'm going to savor the events of this day for a long time to come. Thank you so much Sharon, your passion for gardening is pretty darn infectious and I for one believe I have just come down with an incredible fever!
Also, we sort of missed out on doing as much as we could on Bloggiesta, so why not run another Pick Your Thon to catch up. Plus, I'm on spring break. Woot!
Me: At Grandma and Grandpa M's
Posted on: 2010-11-07 13:05:45
1.FUGAZI "Blueprint"
My Islam is Noble Drew Ali passing out tonics and lottery numbers
When someone asks God, into their heart they are considered (Baby Christians) This is a very tender time for a new christian and the Devil knows this So this is Where Faith comes into place because you will make sinful mistakes Because NO Christian is perfect… When you do make a mistake Speak out to God, (Pray) and repent for your sinful action and Ask God to help you learn from your mistake…
i am Love in search of a body
that's good for you isn't always good for me.
Posted on Aug 25, 2007, Source: TomDispatch.com
I would love to hear anyone's thoughts and comments on my questions - I'm continually second guessing myself. Is it actually beneficial to be so upfront with the doctors, or could I make things worse for ourselves by doing so? Should I say more? or less? I feel like I'm going through some kind of "special needs mum initiation" here...
learn on your own ladies. We charge $7/bird and you get everything back.
Capsicum- 1/2 a small one, sliced
Usually, I give myself an allotted amount of spending money. And, because I know myself all too well, I will put a little more in a side account for extras. But I always have the cash to go and I always give myself a budget. ALWAYS!
The judge noted that a psychologist had told the Victoria County Court in Melbourne that Sharifi, who arrived in Australia in 2001, had an 'unclear concept of what constitutes consent in sexual relationships'.
I had to wake up bright and early on THURSDAY as it was a three-venue day. At 9am, I arrived at ST PATRICK’S COLLEGE in Stockton to cut the yellow ribbon and open SPARC, the new library & resource centre that Mrs Bellwood the Librarian had worked so hard over the summer getting ready. Some of the Yr 7 pupils were there and I read a quick extract from Mouse and was presented with a huge bouquet of flowers. What a nice surprise and almsot as nice was hearing the news that A Boy Called MOUSE would be one of the Library Reading Group titles later this term. Wonder what they’ll think of my book?
Thirdly, I’m glad I didn’t dream about an angioplasty, an icicle, or a ticket scalper and not just for practical reasons. You’ll have to take my word on this unless you want to check out the book because, yes, they are all real entries.
Is God Just a Human Invention is broken into two sections. The first section deals with atheistic claims that fall under the scientific/philosophical category. The first issue that is dealt with is the question of whether or not faith is rational. Much of the discussion by atheists that faith is irrational is due to a misunderstanding of the nature and content of faith. Thus they believe that faith is “blind, irrational and stupid (p. 19).” Whether they realize it or not, atheist attacks on the validity and rationality of faith seem to be more aimed at fideism (the belief that faith is independent of reason). “Biblical faith is trust in God because He has shown Himself to be reliable and trustworthy. It is not belief in spite of the evidence, but belief in light of the evidence (p. 21).”
Apropos Nothing: A Few Loose Ends
So there we were. We'll call him "Bill"...looking over Cedar. It was a beautiful night. Bill goes to kiss me, and I completely turn away. First mistake-misleading. This will lead to upsetting the boy and lots of awkwardness.
As I’ve mentioned before, our Group 2 raids on Tuesday/Wednesday and is currently only raiding on Wednesday to alleviate lag issues that plague some members on the higher-population start of the raiding week.
In 1896 we saw an account in the newspapers of an amusing episode which occurred during a meeting of the Pontefract Town Council. One of the aldermen, noticing that the councillors had "to go borrowing" snuff, suggested the re-introduction of the old Corporation snuff-box.
I'm not a "foot" or "footwear" guy. An attractive woman is attractive whether she's wearing boots, shoes, sandals, sneakers, or no shoes at all. And I don't really care about heels - high heels, low heels, flats...it's all the same to me. But there's just something about high leather boots that I really like - and that I also can't explain why I like.
Another poem left to speak
This artist is very, very talented.
"No, he was probably doing about 35..."
Doing things.
And my idol of control is even bigger than my ability to get bored, so I resist the Author's twists on my life story. I simmer in anxiety and drown those around me with it. I scorn the brokenness of it all without noticing the Carpenter is really wanting to reform my heart. Carve away the ugliness I crudely patched on myself. Repurpose it.
Horses, being dumb animals (Muse: let’s not go there…!), tend to get more sympathy than authors. But sanctuaries exist even for us. The Royal Literary Fund awards grants to writers in need, and also places authors in Universities all over the UK under their excellent Fellowship scheme. So if you know an author who is suffering, point them in the right direction. A bit of kindness and care can go a long way.
I’ve travelled a pile before. I don’t say that lightly, I’m know I’m lucky. But it has always been to places where there was a known face at the other end, (though never standing behind the arrivals barrier ready to call out my name, I’m secretly waiting for my Love Actually moment, it will happen one day!), where I more or less knew how I was going to get there and where I was going to stay. While I wait for Sciences Po to give the final verdict on my exchange application, I feel utterly helpless in the ability to put any real plans in place, much less, seriously consider making any commitment or investigation into the various great opportunities for share house/apartments that are currently being advertised via the uni’s facebook site…
At 6:31am, Iowa City Police received an emergency call from a cell phone. The caller said that police needed to immediately respond to 629 Barrington Rd. and then disconnected. A dispatcher was unable to make contact on call-back.
Sadly she's not got the song.
I added a couple more beads, some silk cord, and sequins!
In most cases that free offer will be some sort of report. When you create your title you want to make them eager to get their hands on that report.
First off, getting a good deal is subjective. Is it worth saving $500-1000 on a vehicle to have your paperwork messed up, poor customer service, promises unfulfilled, and a generally terrible experience? Or is getting a stellar customer experience worth the extra money, not to mention the time savings?
Friday afternoon I felt defeated, my best laid plans were cast aside as “life happened”, you know those parts of our lives like wife, mother, sister, employee? Yeah, well I can’t very well cut out the paying job to “play” in my writing garden, as it was told to me. I was ready to chuck it all, cry myself a river, and sit by the bank and watch it all flow away. What would that get me? Not what I want, so I chucked that ideal – it was a weed after all.
Honestly, I still enjoy many things about farm life, and love the pleasures of living in the country on our little farm today. But what I saw as limitations are gone. And yes, that’s really my tractor – a 1937 Allis Chalmers B.
The short answer: because if you wind up heading to the ER later that day with a gallstone attack, you will feel very defensive about your food choices. (I swear, it was only about a 2 ounce scoop, and I was out running errands at 6 AM on a very hot day; it seemed like a decent idea at the time.)
First things first. I snagged a cute binder from my second home, Target, and added some lettering to the cover, to label the contents.
16-year-old Nima Ardiera is the wrong thing in the wrong place at the wrong time: a Mexican illegal immigrant crossing the former United States, hiding in an age where the American Inquisition keeps trying its damnedest to eradicate everything and everyone foreign.
3. Secrets Revealed: What is one thing you have never shared with the creative community?
This time of year can cause us all a great deal of stress … presents to buy, people to please, and it feels like there’s never enough money or time to go around. A few years ago I started keeping a “gift file” where I keep pages ripped from catalogs and notes on things I’ve seen throughout the year that might make a thoughtful gift for one of my loved ones. I also shop at antique stores for things that will make unique gifts for those people who appreciate things like that. Recently, I also began keeping a “handmade gifts” file where I write down ideas for things I can make that will cost very little but will still fit the bill for Christmas gifts. Here are a few of my favorites that can be done last minute…
So how are we going to change our drinking habits? In my opinion these advertising campaigns will have little or no affect, people will only learn from experience. My ramblings will probably be forgotten before the next session and Irish throughout the country will continue to do what we seemingly do best, drink until we more than likely drop!
too bright to see
i hope no one felt that i was judging them for coping differently to me. i swear, that was never my intention.
Mia and Frida, both in their thirties, meet each other for the first time at their parents’ engagement party. Mia’s father, Lasse, is about to get married to Frida’s mother, Elizabeth (Lena Endre), which will make Mia and Frida stepsisters. Lasse’s daughter, Mia, has not visited her father in years and arrives with her boyfriend, with whom she is about to get married. As Mia and Frida get to know one another, strong emotions begin to stir between them. Their relationship will turn everything upside down for everyone close to them with dramatic consequences.
The 2012 NBA Playoffs are underway and I’ve been reading a lot of underlying stories that could take place given certain circumstances. Will LeBron finally get his first elusive ring? Will Tim Duncan and Gregg Popovich upgrade their legacy by grabbing their 5th title together? Can the Bulls win without former MVP Derrick Rose? Can Kobe get his 6th Ring and finally catch up to Michael Jordan? That last one is the one that bugs me the most and has been for several years now. There is no question Kobe Bryant wants to be compared to Jordan, if not surpass him when it comes to their ring collection. Does Kobe winning a 6th ring make it fair to evaluate Kobe on an even playing field with Jordan? Does 6 rings for both men mean they are equal superstars? Is Kobe really being compared to being the next Jordan? I mean all rings aside the two aren’t even in the same league. I’ve heard it all too. Kobe had developed a better jumper earlier in his career than Jordan did. Kobe this and Kobe that. I’m not saying everybody actually believes Kobe could be considered an equal or even better than Jordan, but the media seems to like to compare the two when really there is no comparison at all. The only thing Kobe has over Jordan is the number on his jersey.
The excitement to head up there for five days is palpable…at least for me. I am so excited to see everyone and to get some wedding things done and just be in the city near the holidays. It is also the EXACT time we met six years ago, so we couldn’t have planned it any better. I am sure it has something to do with meeting the love of my life at this time of year, but there is nothing like NYC during the winter/holidays. It’s unbeatable. Two more weeks!!!
*Elvis wore himself and another pup out. That pup’s owner came up to thank us. Haha.
Today was freeeezing wtf? I was unprepared and left the house in only a boyfriend blazer and a sleeveless lace top. It was a hard journey to the mall and back...but I survived :)
I was feeling better, singing along to Adam Levine, and then, the pepper shaker on the elevated breakfast counter fell onto the edge of my mixing bowl as I was cutting the butter into the flour. Before I could react, the cap had flown off and a shower of dark granules had descended on my flour and butter. Holy *^%?$(*&^?!?% !!!. Was there a toyol in the house?!? And who had forgotten to cap the pepper, AGAIN!?? I was shocked sneezeless and just stared at the blanket of black grains for about five seconds. Then, frantically, I scooped up as much pepper as I could. I got most of it, but enough had worked its way into the flour to give the mix a speckled look and unmistakably peppery smell. No time for another batch! Church was barely two hours away, and the boys were still snug in bed, so into the oven they went.
What can we expect from the future? Visionary and futurist Barbara Marx Hubbard sees the emergence of a new type of human. She calls this being a Universal Human, and quite possibly the key to our survival as a species.
Last year in one of the assessment tasks, many students focused on community engagement events like Race for Research, Red Nose Day and Girls Night In. This year I’m going to encourage people to focus more on examples where the community was engaged in more substantial ways than attending an event. Essentially these events are fund-raising and awareness-raising rather than engaging people in meaningful ways.
If we look at answers to the question of what is the most important issue facing Britain today we see that there are some differences between the majority and minority:
Not quite finished with the photos from wandering around Alloa looking at where breweries once were.
The state liquor store. The Europeans go wild buying the inexpensive liquor.
Although you you can't really see it in these photos I actually cut all the circles out of the white cardstock with a craft knife and then stuck pieces of patterned paper from the 6x6 paper pad behind the circles. You can see it quite clearly in real life and I think it looks much nicer than if I had of just cut the circles and stuck them on but then I am a sucker for punishment! The fab stitching stamp I used in between the circles is from an old set of Hero Arts stamps that has a load of different stitch stamps.
* Hypersensitivity to any insults or imagined criticism
Hearing it by this distant northern sea.
I don’t know what’s going on in other states, but this election season in Georgia is getting pretty scary. Here’s what we’ve learned lately from television ads about our two candidates for governor:
6. Regular reading of this blog will not cause blurred vision, vertigo, or itching. It may, however, bring on tingling in the extremities, profuse sweating, and slight heart palpitations brought on by giggling and swearing when you read some posts. At least, I certainly hope for a reaction.
I am so anxious to continue Lenny's story and get the answers to all the questions I have. But for now, I will have to wait. However, author David Morgan has been kind enough to join us and answer a few questions!
Fernando Torres
In contrast to this, I do regard 1939's ADVENTURES OF SHERLOCK HOLMES as an invigorating adventure, for all that it's partly based on the same stage-play as the 1922 SHERLOCK HOLMES:
One thing I didn’t know was that Karloff doesn’t sing the song; Thurl Ravenscroft does but isn’t credited in the special. BTW, Thurl Ravenscroft doesn’t even sound like a real name, does it? It’s more like the name of a spooky dwarf magician in a D&D novel, but it’s really his name. From birth and everything.
Looking for locomotives
Peter Gyulavary, 44, Warwick, N.Y.
The good news is Jesus Christ; how that He “died for our sins according to the scriptures; and that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures.” No, we don’t relate to man’s sin but rather to the righteousness of Jesus Christ. He can and will save all who come to Him by faith.
Why Did the Appeal Fail?
These days, market is flourished up with many leading providers of communication products and systems. NEC is continually developing products that help both in ensuring corporate security and productivity in their day-to-day affairs. There is hardly any industry vertical where the unlock nec mobiles of this notebook will become a perfect notebook for me. But for you which think the nec mobiles e616v of NEC phone means that businesses will be accompanied by a multiple of the nec mobiles e616 but is necessary, useful instruments for any repairs, caused by you or casual.
Locally the proposal to turn the Coniston Hotel into one of these centres was ill thought out and lacked any real public consultation. It was obvious that placing more than 100 people with different languages and needs in the area would stretch local services beyond any reasonable degree.
I saw the omnipotent’s flaming pioneers
"Sure, you have this whiz-bang, whipper-dipper machine that looks at all the elements of the universe, but it doesn't mean anything," said attorney Dave Wymore, a former director of the Colorado public defenders office who fought successfully to exclude such evidence in a triple-murder case and won an acquittal in 1999.
How I Create My Aromatic SoulCollage® Cards
Nate’s eyes shot open in surprise. He had always assumed that she was talking about her friends. He never imagined that she meant these guys. The realization and her obvious anger sparked something in Nate. It was one thing for them to pick on him. He had gotten used to that, but he was not about to sit back and let them torment the one person in the whole school that had the guts to befriend him.
Dear Father, thank You for surrounding me with godly friends who inspire Your love in me, and provoke me to good works. I ask that You direct my path in such a way that every relationship I keep will be with those whom you’ve ordained to impact positively on my destiny in You, in Jesus Christ Name! Amen!
No tears to fall
I for one am terribly anticipating Book 3. Please, please don’t call it ‘Ever’.
Richard Bone - Joy Of Radiation
And don't get me started on Jacuzzis. You can't bathe a baby in one. No one can afford to fill one. And no one has time for one. Please just get me an old fashioned bathtub. Please.
In Face Value, RJ Scott continues to unravel the story of the powerful Bullen family while introducing us to new Sanctuary agents and people involved in the Bullen family past. Beckett Jamieson turned 21 and immediately found out that his life has been one subterfuge after another. Isla and Derek Jamieson were not his biological parents, and his real name is Robert Edward Bullen, scion of the powerful and wealthy Bullen clan. Austin Mitchell, lawyer and friend of his biological mother, Emma, hands him a letter and a box with his initials on it that change his life forever. Soon he is embroiled with the FBI, murder, the Bullens and of course, Sanctuary.
Published by Metro Books
3/8/12 – Fresno, CA @ Audie’s Olympic
1) How did God use this person’s upbringing to shape the person he/she would later become?
What really damns NEVER is that it’s one of the most poorly paced action or espionage films that I’ve watched. Nothing memorable happens in the entire film. Nothing. Well, sure, Bond plays a video game but nothing else. Let’s get to the video game. Taking the place of a card game, Bond and Largo play a video game that Largo devised that involves, um, shooting and stuff. It’s so stupid that it almost trumps the ridiculously dumb bike chase scene that once again sees Bond in a safety helmet. He’s James Bond! He doesn’t need a helmet!
When the police are called in to deal with stressful situations such as domestic issues, car accidents or minor infractions, the adult aspie is already stressed. As tension builds and they feel a meltdown looming, they will attempt to remove themselves from the situation. Unfortunately, during police action, this ability and this "right" is significantly reduced. It's quite common for innocent aspies to run from the police and it's equally common for aspies to resort to violent outbursts in these situations.
But she figured it out. She sat me down in her poor attempt at being a mother and asked “why are you doing this? What do you want from me?”
These rooms could be GREAT!
A MESSAGE FROM DR ERASMUS STRANGELOVE
1. Rock & Roll Band
If you open the box this cute bunny label on it is starring at you :). I got these flats in orange.
Fourth, consider the sparkles. By this, I mean, go for glitter over shine. There is a lot of ill-advised satin in the store windows at this time of year. Believe me, I know. I walk through Georgetown every day. I know the retailers of America are trying to lure you with the siren song of a shiny satin tube dress, but resist! When you see those pictures where a flash has combined evil forces with the satin to add about 8 lbs to your frame, you will regret it.
She dreams
The last few days have included several great reminders of why I love literature so much! In addition to completing a “modern classic” last week (Watership Down by Richard Adams; see my review), I’ve come across several other articles and books about the importance of good literature. Here are a few:
We’d recommend holding off buying one in case prices come down a little – ideally you’d be much better off with the 16GB model but £40 is simply too much to pay in our eyes (it has to be said, at the time of writing, Amazon UK is offering a deal whereby you can get an 8GB Vita card for free when buying the console).
She called while driving home, to tell me she was okay even though she’d had a flat and had to change it herself. Late Sunday night and no place was open, so she managed even though it was dark and no one else was around to help. Good thing she knew how to change a tire. I would’ve been calling 3A for help, waiting in my car.
Owing to public pressure, the undeclared embargo on movement of essential supplies was eased within days. But what remains even today is an uneasy quiet in Tirunelveli district. The stories that local activists tell are quite disturbing. Public demonstrations against nuclear power are not permitted. Private halls and autitoriums in schools and colleges are not available for meeting critical of nuclear energy.
Roy: The fellow playin’ goals …
Here's a pretty card I created for Kim Hupke, Spellbinder's Educational Director, thanking her for the fabulous time we all had at the Design Team Retreat. I sneakily had the entire design team sign the card as well! Come back tomorrow to see what I created for Cathy, the DT Coordinator, then on Thursday I will show the card I made for Stacey, owner of Spellbinder's.
Are you freakin’ kidding me!? I took a full step away from him and gave him a look that read “Touch me again and you lose your hand.” He continued to smile and wagged his eyebrows at me, and and said “Nice ass.” Yeah, I know…. I should have made my exit then.
Isolation joints are placed at junctures where changes in material require isolation for any differential movement between two different materials. Typical example is window frame perimeter abutting façade materials.
10 51st State
And I like the color coordination, but with the dark cabinets and the dark floor and the dark backsplash (and I'm thinking a similar blue-gray on the ceiling), something's gotta be light so I made it my counters. My sister has quartz counters and loves them so I went with the same. The color of these is called champagne, which is my favorite type of wine. They're made to resemble marble and actually have bits of marble in them. They also have bits of gold, which pulls in the copper hood. And then the sandy color is enough of a contrast to chrome and white.
I have also noticed that those who shout others down, be it with anger or mockery, rarely stand up themselves to do the hard work. It’s easy to put on the appropriate garb and join in at a large gathering, or get vocal behind the veil of an internet group, but when a Priest is called upon to teach, minister a service or provide chaplaincy during a life crisis, those loud voices suddenly go quiet.
Last 20-miler is set for this Saturday and I guess it’s okay since that evening we have Julian’s First Communion. Let’s just say, I’m looking to relax on Sunday. My mom’s leaving for the Motherland also. I think someone wants to come along.
That is more will be able to try poker for free wit free poker money promotions. You don’t have to deposit any money if you try on of this promotion and you don’t need a credit card to play poker for free.
6) Contribution
Bar politicians
I must admit that I am a relative new-comer to grits. I first sampled them during a trip to Texas to visit a dear friend. After a night of oh-so-much fun, we hit the Waffle House for some fortification. I only had eyes for the grits on the menu, and sprinkled with a little sugar and a pat of butter, I scarfed them down with record speed. I was head over heels in love. Fast-forward to my return home and I bought a tub of grits during my next shopping excursion. However, they sat in the pantry for a very long time before I took the plunge to make them myself. The first time was as a base for a pan-seared tilapia and veggie dish. I could have kissed the pot I boiled them in. It really was love.
And although I've no easy answer for people who ask me what period of history I write in, you do have to have one, for the current project at least. I've had writers for whom their history is a period I remember; I've had others determined to set their novel in 12th Century China when they've never been further east than Vienna. Then there may be one or two, as at Guildford, who are writing historical non-fiction, but who feel that thinking like a novelist will make their history-writing better. That doesn't make a huge difference... or does it? What if your characters don't talk English - is that easier or harder than when they talk English, but it's Chaucer's? What if you can find very little material to draw on? What if you find too much? It can be even more paralysing: like trying to catch a waterfall in a cup.
‘Get me?’ he said. ‘But I haven’t done anything’.
and put this up on the nail that was there. It goes with my
Andrew suggested that a good next step might be for organisations to work together to help spread an authoritative message, thereby extending the reach.
Much of the talk at the moment surrounds the Malaysian Grand Prix at the weekend; especially as Lewis Hamilton showed McLaren is again the team to beat by setting the fastest time in both practice sessions Friday. We wish you the best of luck Lewis and Jenson, but we instead turn our attention to other F1 news…
Value : CustomDumpFlags
I want to give something to everyone that enters. And I can't. So I'm going to pout.
Some things to consider:
oh wow do I love this small space located in the beautifully designed home of Williams-Sonoma Home creative director Monelle Totah. (seen in Elle Decor 8/09) I actually had blogged Monelle's bedroom last summer {kind of my prelude to the small space dwellers series itself.} I also had the pleasure of meeting and working with her earlier this year. I also might have told her I would move in to her home if she didn't mind because it's so pretty! :) I wanted to share her room in the small space dwellers series because there are some fantastic and easy small space ideas and solutions going on that anyone can use. Let's take a look at some of them below.
Why do you work with all these oldschool equipment? I read about discussions about the right bass machine, synthesizers and so on. I was especially fascinated by the super 8 videos… Is there a specific idea to it?
I tried pebbles, free-form feathers, paisleys, wavy lines, and – oh yeah – stippling! I wanted to see if I could get a trapunto effect by quilting a motif and filling in the background.
Most of the survivors retreated to their family members and some of them chartered private trains to take them home. Everyone was numb and no one was interested to recount the horrifying tale of the sinking. One could only imagine what was the scenario back in Southampton as the biggest population onboard of the Titanic originated from her home-port. Less than a third of those onboard survived the disaster and some survivors died shortly afterwards due to injuries. A 9 weeks old baby, Millvina Dean was among the youngest survivor of the Titanic.
survivors all,
The theme of "man versus concrete" is embodied by track 8, "Reduced to Clear", specifically in the opening verse:
4. Middle Recovery - Lifestyle Balance 5
And thus the New England Naughty Hog was born. Here's how you make one.
A new imagining of a power system that is not hierarchical but a push-pull system instead.
I don't remember where I found the giraffe template, but I drew the lion myself.
This book is beautiful!
SO. For this reason, I am posting about caramels, because this is about all I can wrap my brain around right now. To be fair, they do look exceptional. From Fusion Sweets. Taro Butter Caramel? Rose Orange Blossom Vanilla Butter Caramels? Come on! I'm not sure candy could melt away a bad week but this something else entirely!
For my last card I used the wonderful Let It Snow set, which I have had my eye on for a long time. Anyone who knows me knows that I LOVE snowmen. This is an amazing set with tremendous versatility and, did I mention fun?
The area around 8,091-metre Mount Annapurna attracts thousands of trekkers, both local and foreign, each year as well as day-trippers.
That torch is a symbol;
Enveloped by the atmosphere, smoke rings reach altitude,
Pour into a greased loaf pan.
All of your vistors will have laid their eyes on your house number simply because it’s what lets them know they have arrived at the correct location.
Anyhow, where was I? Oh yesh. Coupons and movies and excitement. So anyway, I was pretty eager to use my coupon (of which I purchased three) so off we went. We had our delicious half-free dinner (I chose fajitas. Freejitas). ..
Will you risk traversing the steady foundation I offer…
Something tells me that I may have to join a gym. There is even a gym that is rather close to my home, only a twenty-minute walk away. All of the other gyms require driving, and I prefer to spend twenty minutes walking as opposed to twenty minutes driving. Sounds like the perfect place to go, right?
I'm just saying.
With my mystery of Michael and Maria Dowd Downes and the disappearance of them and the six daughters has gotten interesting. I found them in the 1900 Iowa census living in Sioux City, but just the parents and the chilling thing was that it was listed as parents of six and zero children living. Michael and Maria were about fifteen years apart in age and the Iowa couple fits age wise. Thanks to my cousin to point this couple out.
A mother is a person who seeing there are only four pieces of pie for five people, promptly announces she never did care for pie.--Tenneva Jordan
All matter is in essence a group of particles vibrating at a common frequency, (a current scientific theory) and it is understandable that we human beings, made up of particles vibrating at a certain frequency, are affected by other vibrating particles–positive or negative–depending on the interaction.
When markets are large enough they trump laws. Whenever there is significant demand, supply will arise to fill it in a black market. A legal market, though, can be regulated. State lotteries and legalized lottos did more to wipe out numbers running by the mafia on the east coast than the FBI ever did, just as ending Prohibition effectively quashed violence related to alcohol production and distribution, and reduced deaths from bad product. We hear terrible stories in the media and certainly at the Legislature, which has passed potent sex trafficking enhancements, about coercive sex trafficking that's often compared to slavery. Would legalizing and regulating adult, consensual prostitution similarly drive out the criminal element the way a legal lottery defeated the mafia? Perhaps. If so, it would be a greater boon to exploited young girls than another criminal-penalty enhancement.
To quote her press release:
Preliminary Glimpses at Christian Endeavor
Let me begin by stating the obvious in that the iPad is different. I’m also secure enough in my marriage to also state that Mrs. Lemon was less than familiar with this new device when she received them last spring. To her credit, however, she had a clear vision about what the iPads could accomplish and how her 10- and 11-year-olds could benefit.
New Bronson? I'll have an order of that... extra hot sauce on it please...
All. Day. Long.
with another pebble?
She added: "I have been asked to apologize but refuse to do so and resign the whip of my party."
She is the kind of mother, friend and woman I aspire everyday to be.
The sparks that fly between them are hotter than ever. Good thing they have a real-life mystery to focus on: why people all around them, including Evan’s new boss, want to get their hands on a journal that once belonged to Kyle’s grandfather.
your comments and emails over the past year.
But you're still the same
This declaration emphasizes the concern of the European Parliament and the systematic character of the attacks against white South Africans, and asks the South African government to urgently take measures to protect the Boers.
I have also come to see that a writer mustn’t give up. Nobody ever got readers by not writing anything. I have three things that keep me going.
i’ve got a very real loathing of the whole Ripper industry, in particular those seriously disturbing ghouls who enhance the Mary Kelly photo to emphasise the extent of her mutilation and post the results on casebook.org, but I read the first edition cover to cover and thought it was great. Now it looks like it’s time for a rematch as there’s a new edition and, but for a very few exceptions, i can no longer remember which articles did it for me back in 1999 and why? Simon Whitechapel’s piece on the occult symbolism of it all (dropped from the 2008) certainly stayed in my mind as it totally bamboozled me, but, far more my type of thing, M. J. Trow’s The Way To Hell builds up a strong case against philanthropist Frederick Charrington – only to dismantle it at the last when he admits the whole piece has been a conceit to demonstrate how easy it is to invent your own Ripper suspect. And then there’s the Barbours who seem to think Dr. Barnado had more to do with it than you might think ….
Which you might have predicted, if you had really looked at Nature.
A Survival Guide for Decent Folk
My oldest daughter, Jessica, (Who is graduating college in two weeks… go Jessica… there are pictures of her in some earlier posts if you wonder how stunning she is)… told me that I should never… sorry, told me that I should try not to do more than one post a day… (No matter how many frightfully clever things I have to say)… She thinks that will alienate my readers. I am going to ignore that advice today… again…
Sponsorship and Participation Report)
A Thanksgiving to be with family, friends and loved ones, to sit with full bellies and a warm heart and most importantly a renewed sense of faith in humanity.
he thinks
2. Sugar, Sugar—Archies
“Let’s see what we got here” the engineer says while walking towards the bathroom.
Theme not mandatory..just have fun and make some creations!
All of a sudden, everything I watch on TV is hick-related—in one way, shape or form.
target shooting
We are planning a memorial service for September at Leaming's Run Gardens, one of her favorite spots.
The artist knows when not to take the shot – not just because of poor light, but because the subject just doesn’t “feel right”
See him laughing
... and Penny on my right. As they sleep around me, half on me, I am covered with soft, warm, sleeping teddy bear creatures, and I thank God for them every day.
Our tomatoes have not been too great this year
First up is "Happy Retirement", which includes one scripture stamp, two sentiments, and a super gorgeous (and dreamy) scene.....perfect to use not only for retirement cards, but anything from vacation scrapbooks, birthday cards, encouragement, and much more!
A history chapter, a therapeutic session, a sonic novel bursting at the seams. This could’ve been an ambitious failure, but it became a full-fledged triumph. A demanding one, yes, but music shouldn’t refrain from asking the listener to make an effort. Or should it? The best news: this is supposed to be the first chapter in a twelve-part cycle. If she manages to keep this up, it’ll be a major achievement.
In our heart, we all know what's right; young and old, left and right, black and white. Thousands of people risk their lives every day for a taste of what we take for granted, and are in the process of squandering forever.
I had a hard time waking up this morning on only 6 hours of sleep, but still managed to stick to my plan. I made a protein smoothie for breakfast, made out of protein powder, bananas and chocolate almond milk. I also packed two of yesterdays meals and a yogurt and granola bar for snacking.
Also at the market, we got to taste grass-fed goat. I was astonished by how much I liked it. The nice lady from Van Haren Meat Company was there selling her local product. Realizing that the best way to draw in customers is to give away samples, she had a slow cooker of goat shoulder roast going that had just been salt, pepper and garlicked. So very mild seasoning. Jenn and I were hesitant, at first deciding to split a sample. Jenn took a taste, and I was immediately told to get my own. The flavor really is very similar to beef. It had only a tiny hint of the gaminess that tends to mar non cow animals. I have tried lamb many times and can barely eat it. Goat I would eat knowingly and gladly. I will probably order some in the future, as soon as I work through the ton of meat I got from Dickman’s. I can already think of a bunch of ways to cook it, and its super healthy for you. I was so glad I got the chance to taste it.
This weather is amazing, chickens.
February 1st- current (continued to use the Body By Vi programming)
it's hard to believe the scotland run on saturday will be my first nyrr race of 2012! i had signed up for the Manhattan half in january - but the only snowstorm of the winter turned it into a fun run (and a point toward the 2013 nyc marathon). i've run this 10k before - and even volunteered at it's packet pick-up a couple of times.
Cops are hunting the abusive motorist after a cadet noted down his registration plate details.
***I'm not quite sure why I'm giving you a spoiler warning for a twenty-plus-year-old Women-in-Prison movie, but I guess if you want all the fragrant freshness of its story to unfold in a pure fashion, you'd better stop reading here***
“Shad-up with the retarded noises and pass me the papers.”
01 - Devilish Hurry
The #1 rue when it comes to the Mahjong Wrestling Federation, 95% of its roster are lesbians with superpowers. We kick this episode off with some Ryuuka and Toki bonding as we see how Ryuuka invited Toki to join the Noble Core.
“I need to get to the Sherim. I may not have much time. Sir.”
So I've got a new strategy...oops, sorry, it's not a strategy...that died...it's a...a "conversation" or a "shared value" or something...
Action mystery fans and those who like a little fright in their stories will enjoy these.
In contrast, the Home Affairs Select Committee, chaired by Mr Vaz, has taken a far more structured approach with witnesses. Mr Vaz’s practice is to deal with one area at a time, giving the members of the Committee turns to ask about the specific areas identified before moving on to another part of the investigation. This seems to be a more logical way of proceeding, allowing MPs to follow up on and return to issues raised in the answers.
1 level cup, basmati rice or any long grained rice, soaked for at least 30 minutes in water
Coriander seeds - 1 tablespoon
Find a hole in [Image]the ground – instead of thinking of it as an inconvenience, look at it as an impromptu open-air exhibition or archaeological dig.
Your presence with fullness of joy…and Your pleasures forevermore. Amen.
Will it work when it's in the shops? I'll have to wait and see.
However I did buy this gorgeous Marianne Charleston lady die and also bought the Elegant lady one
Sew each handle right sides together using a 1/4" seam. Turn right side out. I stuffed a piece of cotton batting (1 1/4"x13") into each handle 'tube' to add a little softness and structure to them, then top stitched along each edge.
Once relegated to the depths of basements, laundry rooms have become functional and chic main-level spaces that include built-ins, organizational units, and fashionable home accessories. While they may be the place to wash and dry clothes, they can also include an ironing station, storage, a sink for other home chores, and even nooks for other household activities. Here are eight organized (and stylish) laundry rooms.
“Nature seems to be a Book written in the Language of Mathematics” Galileo (1564-1642)
b. Our puppy/ies chewed up some wire on our air conditioning unit...bad dogs! My husband and I like to be cool when we sleep so finding out about this at 9:30pm after we get home from our busy weekend was not fun. Luckily, Chad was able to fix it - thank-you God for giving me such a handy husband! I'm not sure if this is a permanent fix or if we'll need new wires or what, but I'm praying that it will survive the torture our puppies gave it and keep on keeping on.
Mr. HERBERT SAMUEL The facts are as stated. The erection of the box was suspended because of local opposition to its substitution for an existing box near its site. The matter was fully explained to the rector by letter on the 16th August.
I worked for a disability rights organization that promoted the ‘independent living movement’. My position had quite a broad description of responsibilities, but the thing I specialized and excelled in was Special Education Advocacy.
Any good agent knows the business inside out. They know which publishers are looking for what to fill their catalogue, and they can get to talk to people that we mere mortals wouldn't have a hope of contacting. Much more than that, a good agent should be a friend that you can talk to when things aren't going as planned. Agents are part schmoozer, part Rottweiler, part agony aunt, and in my opinion, wholly essential.
The payments exclude the cost of several helicopter trips to meetings in Gauteng during his four-and-a-half year tenure and the cost of a chartered flight from London to Paris where he apparently has a home.
b. Destroyed yourself!
Which are outlined in my heart!
He is the boss, he is, because he's big and we are small.
A feature of UK TV that has long amused me are the made up brands that often appear in UK dramas. From the Stellaberg lager that Frank Gallagher drinks in the TV show Shameless to the well known Newton and Ridley fictional northern regional brewery whose ales are sold in the Rover’s Return pub in Coronation Street. Drinking is a normal form of behaviour in TV drama. In fact the behaviour is more than a little contrived. No one really goes to the pub with the regularity of TV characters, but the fictional pub provides a social setting for characters to interact, a requirement of drama. Arguably one of the more ridiculous elements isn’t the frequency of pub going but the number of characters in the soap EastEnders that use the local laundrette with a regularity that suggests they either do not possess washing machines or they have all bought ones that break down on a weekly basis.
The driver glares at him through his rear view mirror, hangs the phone up, and mumbles something Dr. Aregone can’t hear.
The Kabala is a companion or adjunct text to the Talmud.
Applying the Theory to the Policy:
So how does shopping while your hungry apply to this? I thought a tip of a different kind might be helpful this week.
As we followed the coastline of Dingle Peninsula, the sun was setting creating an array of beautiful hues of golds and greens and blues. The sheep pastures outstretched all the way to the Atlantic Ocean. I can still feel the chilly wind on my face along this beautiful grassy stretch of Ireland in the fall. See this photo enlarged in the “Gallery” to truly appreciate how beautiful this area truly is.
That about sums how I was feeling while I was doing these watercolor paintings of the Green Parrot Bar. My watercolor skills are minimul, so when I see something I want to change I have to start over. This Green Parrot series had nine takes. These are the only ones I can show you.
Statistically, over 400 billion cups of coffee are consumed every year, which is why coffee also happens to be the second most traded product in the world. In America alone, over 450 millions cups of Java are consumed on a daily basis, where the typical coffee drinker imbibes an average of three and a half cups a day. While it is already evident that the production and sales of coffee is healthy to any economy (especially in Brazil), what most health experts now are questioning is whether coffee is beneficial to one’s body in the long run.
today, me, Chala, Pauline and Thangorthemotherinlaw embarked on a traditional British Easter pastime, of driving to the coast and wandering disconsolately around a faded seaside resort in the pissing rain. With this heartwarming recipe in mind, we drove all the way to Ingoldmells near Skegness in Lincolnshire.
Is worth a lifetime
The problem I normally have with anti car groups, traffic calming schemes designed to discourage use and general environmental propaganda is that they never try and provide an alternative. Yes, you've made this road an absolute bastard to use with your bollards, bumps and bus lanes but where's my affordable alternative? You scraped plans for the alternative? Why did you do that? You still have pipe dreams of running the failure of a tram project over the Forth in order to link it with Dunfermline? Come on now, Edinburgh, you aren't fooling anyone - that'll never happen so just let us have our hovercraft.
It should include your account of of surrendering to Him, depending on Him, and trusting Him completely for salvation.
You can understand my dilemma.
19
After Junsu back (or he back to the time when Junsu still alive), he became more caring toward Junsu. He look at his organizer. The day of his presentation and Junsu’s accident.
when you want it and how you’re going to achieve it.
Place the Christmas pudding into the double boiler for cooking. Be sure to check the water level every 30 minutes to make sure it doesn't boil dry. Add more boiling water as needed.
Tracy xxxx
I first came into contact with this film thanks to a high school social sciences class which required us to watch it. Imagine a roomful of rowdy teenage boys (ah, Catholic school), sarcastically skeptical that this movie had anything to offer them, only to find themselves entranced by the drama and laughing at the comedy within minutes. This movie is entertainment at its most fascinating, a brilliantly acted, unflaggingly witty whodunit that just may be the finest courtroom drama of them all.
5. Poinsetta Petal (Vernon) 4:02
I’ve remarked before that the DC Council seems better at making good policies than at providing the oversight and resources needed to make them work.
It was interesting to note that both the parents in the film tonight had suffered at the hands of their parents - parents who had let them down. It was this that drove them so relentlessly - and ultimately unrealistically - to be the perfect parents, living the perfect family life, for their boys. And it was ironically this which led to the collapse of the castle in the clouds which they had built for themselves. There was much to reflect on in this sad, sad tale where a young man was still struggling to come to terms with the isolation he feels as a result of that one horrific day when his world and all his preconceptions of family life and relationships, of love, trust and respect, crashed around his feet.
“All of a sudden, when it hit the ground, the plane was kind of bouncing. Someone said the plane was skidding and there was panic,” a passenger said.
Speaking with colleagues of Mrs. BD about the merits of the second amendment I was dumbfounded to find out not only had they concealed firearm licenses - but were “carrying” and did so in a nonchalant manner akin to that I would relate to having my mobile phone on my possession.
Eating- You still LOVE to eat. You are still getting primarily breastmilk but typically get one bottle of formula a day since it's hard for mommy to keep up with your appetite. Thankfully you've been great about switching back and forth between nursing and the bottle and breastmilk and formula. You typically eat around 4ozs every three hours or so with a 5-6oz bottle right before bed. I think we may need to increase you to 5ozs soon for your daily feedings.
Sure, often I make the treats myself, but I have fun doing it. Sometimes I even share.
Good Morning, Midnight by Jean Rhys
The one major thing I disliked about the film though, was its underwhelming special effects. Compared to other blockbusters in its tier, this one’s probably at the bottom half, but I commend them for their effort to prioritize the story more rather than the visuals. And it only goes to show that you can still execute a solid film with a small budget. They still have a couple (or three?) of movies to go, and with all the cash they’re raking right now, they have plenty of room to improve. I just hope Lionsgate will be able to propel the franchise forward instead of back.
My daughter was quite upset by some of the things that happened to slaves, and I think it's most definitely one of the most important subjects to teach children. Go check it out.
Islam permits marrying a woman from the People of the Book, or a Christian, so that she will enter the Muslim family and society.
The DT members may have changed but our aims remain the same - to inspire and challenge you (and ourselves) to make cards, no matter what your style and no matter what your experience is. We remain open to all, have no allegiance to any company and we actively encourage as much variety as possible - we definitely do not judge one card above another so when we offer prizes winners are always chosen at random.
Label: Bad ass
Hollister nodded. Corporal's privilege. PFCs took Cooper's lectures more stoically.
I wanted to make a maze for them, with multiple food chambers, multiple routes, dead ends, etc. I presented this idea to the professor in charge of the aquariums (and the octopuses for that matter)–it was too complex. “The best enrichment toys are simple, premade, and affordable.” I was crushed. Completely crushed. All my ideas of having the octopuses crawl through this complicated maze for pleasure were dismissed… Until the professor teaching the course said the magical words, “Obstacle Course”.
As it turned out, apparently good but it was not to my liking in flavours, I remembered them as being moist but to me they were dry, but they received compliments and they disappeared quickly.
Yay or Nay: YAY! I really, really, really love this software. Extra bonus points were earned for being free. :)
Now I, for one, am not holding those latest commercials up as being a bastion of unrivalled creativity but I do think these kind of comebacks are a healthy thing for advertising in general.
Deep inside I have these horrible thoughts of "what if"
Dear lord. WHO, tell me, WHO wears a halter top to go horseback riding?? Well. This girl did. It was a hot summer day, but that is no excuse for my idiocy. We started trotting a bit, and all was well. It was around the second gallop that I realized... hmm... it's a little... chilly. No, more like NIPPY. Yes. As in, my shirt had untied and I was pulling a Lady Godiva.
Global Markets Direct Report Coverage 6
So to cheer everyone up, here's another shot of the lovely Kelli, smouldering in her smalls at Michael Lau's studio.
Kimberly Clark - 52
the latitude of
While Sherri, Mia, and Sam were touring the Guinness Storehouse and having their picture taken with Sir Arthur, Margaret, Mary Kate, and I did a bit of walking. I wanted to get a picture of the Ha’Penny Bridge and the Four Courts. So we hoofed it all the way back over to Temple Bar and I took the pictures below.
21Then the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half-tribe of Manasseh said in answer to the heads of the families of Israel,
And that, is a freedom worth
Its Christmas Eve
June 7 - June 13 - Derek Shackell
-Question: What are the two easiest things to do when we don’t get the results we want?
Power To My People!
Iván Meade – How have you found the Victoria design scene and projects differ from those in Calgary?
You can be as cocksure as Bendtner fresh from a day at the salon, but what’s important is the maturity and intelligence to knuckle under when football becomes a grind. David Bentley had lots of skill and abundant swank, but he turned out to be a bit of a swanker.
“The courage to face one’s guilt leads to the question of salvation…” (pg 17)
A lot of reviewers have commented on the "old-fashioned" nature of the story (in a good way!), which makes me happy, because that's exactly what I had intended: just a good, old-fashioned, somewhat outrageous, somewhat wacky comedy of errors -- but with contemporary characters and a more contemporary feel.
If you’ve had something on your To Do List for one week or more, DELETE IT off your list, go on do it. You will feel a lot better about it not being there every morning when you look at it and it will save you the time of shifting it to the next day, then the next day, then the next day in your diary whilst also feeling rubbish that you still haven’t done it.
It is easy to do...
McLaren use a split cooling outlet set up, rather than Red Bull who tend to focus all the outlet area into the large bulged exit high up on the engine cover. McLaren’s main outlets are the exit to the sidepods coke bottle shape. With outlet area to the side of, and above the gearbox. This is aided by 3-slotted louvers on the flanks of the sidepods.
These days, I don't care about landing a big book deal with a major publisher, and am fine with low print numbers. Print has become a subsidiary right.
Okay, so the likelihood of Christopher Nolan ringing me up to ask me to direct something he’s written is kinda slim (read: nonexistent). But I’m still sticking to my promise. I think stories are like kerosene lamps. They may not be light bulbs, but they do add light when it gets dark. So I might as well let my lamp burn for as long as I have kerosene for burning.
His critics describe him as arrogant.
At the center of many of these webs were companies trading in diamonds, which experts say are fast replacing more traditional money-laundering vehicles because they are easy to transport and are generally traded for cash. Large transactions leave no paper trail, and values can be altered through bogus transactions. A number of these dealers had been implicated in the buying of “conflict diamonds” and other minerals used to finance civil wars and human-rights abuses in Africa.
It wasn’t easy work, and there were a few times when the stress of it all made me lose sleep. But I tried, as hard as I could. I was at both set construction days, I helped compile the prop list, I direct the spots every performance, and I’ve tried to keep everything running on time like it should.
So, another list. Another top 5 (or top 6) and this time it’s going to be Dr Who.
The word "pony" reminds me of The Sugarcubes song "Cowboy" (on the Elektra Album (USA version of) "Life's too good").
The reason I talk to myself is because I am the only one whose answers I accept. -George Carlin
It hit me that I need to put off the "natural mom".
<U+591C><U+591C><U+76F8><U+968F><U+4F60><U+7684><U+8EAB><U+8FB9>
Vereas del camino van dos gitanas:
I'm thinking good old scaffold bars will do the job, but seeing as after the festival we'll have a marquee, bar and stillage for ale, we'll be advertising an outdoor bar service, specialising in real ale but I've also got a flash cooler with a few taps. With this in mind it's going to have to look a little neater. As for the bar itself, we'll probably use scaffolding boards (those thick wooden planks) on top of a metal frame, then staple something on top to make it look like a bar.
Napoleon Solo, Illya Kuryakin (the girl’s favourite), April Dancer, Maxwell Smart, James West, John Drake and of course Emma Peel.
I like to listen to Dave Ramsey. I find him to be very encouraging, not only about money, but about life in general. I’d also like to change my view, my family history of money. I don’t want to think of myself as poor. Just because my parents were in debt, and their parents before them, even if they weren’t in debt, were at least very poor, doesn’t have to mean that I can’t be successful financially in my life.
Each life unravels differently
Later, the GMT constant was bolstered by American linguist and anthropologist Floyd Lounsbury, who used data in the Dresden Codex Venus Table, a Mayan calendar and almanac that charts dates relative to the movements of Venus.
Malika Zarrar: Ahmad, you were in high school, just like me, and you could see for yourself. When did we ever talk about such things? By the way, you deserve the Egyptian State Prize or a Nobel Prize for raising topics that interest people. You remember the days when we would talk and they would cut us off the air…
I believe Mr. Stanton had a confused jealousy of my father, even though he had engineered getting the man and his family out of the elements.
American Soul and Gospel legend, Candi Staton will be performing on The Main Stage on Sunday 15th July. Candi’s voice has captivated generation after generation of music lovers over the globe, and with an illustrious musical career spanning almost 60 years she has an extensive discography consisting of a massive twenty eight studio albums and thirteen singles
He will not abandon His heritage. . . (I really am NOT alone)
aSprinkling, who said:
Can't wait for the album.
Other insect problems is the tomato horn worm. It blends into the foliage surprisingly well for how huge it is. It can defoliate a small plant quickly, but will just damage big ones a bit. If you see one remove it. You usually find it by the damage it does and not by seeing the caterpillars first. Sometimes you will find white cocoons on the caterpillar. If you do leave it, those are parasitic wasp cocoons and you want to encourage them. Trust me that caterpillar will be doing no more damage.
When it comes to literary representation, I've heard the phrase "shopping for an agent" a few times. Honestly, I didn't think much of it until it came time for me to "shop" for an agent of my own. But I've learned it's not really like shopping at all. There's no trying agents on to make sure they're a good fit. No 30-day return policies. No exchanges--at least not right away. You have to simply research it out the best you can, decide what qualities are most important to you, and hope you find someone with those qualities who also happens to like you in return.
so to me...this was a dream!
On the dog-hair covered floor. At least it was pasta and not a steak! Pick-up-Stix anybody? Ha! Remember that game or am I showing my age? hee hee
So there it is, we still have 21 days to go and my golden pints are in, cheers for the beers, opinions and general friendship guys, you have all made my year better!
This Saturday we took a day trip into Fes, and spent the afternoon in the ancient Medina, or old city. We saw a madrasa (pictured above, an old school of Quranic learning), a 900-year old leather tannery, and a carpet factory, pictured below. After being mobbed upon arrival by wannabe tour guides, everyone else we met was incredibly friendly and welcoming. We sampled the street food, pastries, pastillas, and sweetbreads, all ranging from 1-3 dirhams ($0.12-0.36). The medina itself seems like a giant labyrinth, with alleyway after thin alleyway, towering walls, and identical shops on every corner. A Moroccan student served as our guide; without him, we would have been hopelessly lost.
Investors focused on Greece’s fiscal woes for much of the three months. As agreement on a second bailout package for the troubled country grew more certain, market sentiment and share prices focused on the positive. An infusion of liquidity by the European Central Bank also helped stocks, particularly the financials sector, by ensuring that banks would not run out of cash over the near term. Germany, Europe’s largest economy, was among the better performers with its best first quarter since 1998.
In the past, I have felt more generalized pressure, as if my head is in a gentle vise. One man related that his hair stood on end and his body was covered with goosebumps.
* In a small bowl, cream butter and confectioners' sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in egg and extracts. Gradually add flour and salt; mix well. Divide in half; flatten and wrap each portion in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or until easy to handle.
Next week: Sophie throws Laura’s stuffed animal in the pool and shit goes down. (I honestly wish that sentence was a joke but that is actually what they show for next week’s episode, I can’t make this shit up.)
"I think they're magic."
What ought to be acutely troubling is that the history of revisions to oil and gas resources has heretofore been one of increases. For the first time, we are now seeing not just downward revisions in estimated natural gas resources, but drastic downward revisions. That should tell us that the era of unlimited horizons for fossil fuels has come to a close. All the advanced technology that was supposed to bring unending plenty in the form of fossil fuels is now giving us better estimates of what will be available, namely, not nearly so much as we thought.
This must be taken very seriously, for the country that we have always considered and taken for granted as being free, is no longer free. It is owned almost outright by government investment.
Then it hit me. When I judged the previous book-owner's actions, I missed the point. And that is the difference from the past: the fact that I saw it at all, let alone so quickly. This person had chomped on this book. I was getting their chewing gum and I didn't like it. But I failed (momentarily, thank God) to see what a beautiful thing was before me.
I felt that I had to do this review because of the upcoming movie One Da the book of which is by David Nicholls who is also adapting the book for the screen. I read One Day and of course instantly fell in love so I had to see what else he’d written. Most known for his screenwriting, he has done Tess of the D’Urbervilles, Cold Feet and Much Ado about Nothing. He’s written three novels, One Day, Starter for 10 and The Understudy. All of these have had screenplays written for them and Starter for 10 and One Day have both been made into films.
VIVIENNE: Red. It’s a power thing.
Brewed: 02-02-2009
One More Tip:
Another summer passed, and when fall arrived, I acted out again. This time it ended with a narrow escape from real legal problems. My husband reached his breaking point, which forced me to take therapy seriously. Or at least attempt/pretend to do so. But starting therapy somehow threw me into a tailspin of depression. I really wanted to die this time – not just sleep for a while. I was drained. Emotionally and mentally drained. I know now that the reason for my exhaustion was the near-surfacing memories. There was an internal battle going on between my alters; between the ones who wanted the story told and the ones who didn’t want me to know. The ones that had been carrying the secrets for so long were worn out. The ones who had blocked the memories from surfacing were stubbornly holding back – out of habit perhaps. This left me with nothing to keep me going. All my energy was being used on this internal battle.
The first time we met it was dark outside and I was walking down the street. I was pregnant with our youngest. I will translate that since you don’t know me well enough yet…
baahon mein chupkar saanson se, jaise dole raat
This would be a major needed change in our public policy, and deserves more than just an update on the Daiichi crisis, so I'll put this on my short list for a post.
If you are happy to write books to commission, rather than coming up with the ideas yourself first, you can contact commissioning editors of relevant lists and introduce yourself, explaining what you write. This only works for some types of books. Don't approach an editor at Faber saying you'd like to write some literary novels and would they get in touch, please, when they need some written? That doesn't happen. But if you want to write reading-scheme-type fiction for early readers, or books on cat care, or travel guides, you can approach a commissioning editor, with examples of your previous relevant publications, and ask if they have any openings in their list. Expect to be told 'No'. That's the default answer. You just might get lucky. Then they may say 'we're commissioning short stories with a scientific content supporting key stage 1 science' or some such. And then you decide if you can do it and want to do it.
Nothing is more shameful than the attempt of law makers to by-pass the provisions of Constitution. Earlier there were a tendency of political parties to appoint large number of ministers popularly called ‘Jumbo Ministry’, to accommodate everyone.In fact there was a Hindi movie titled ‘Aaj Ka MLA Ram Avatar’ (Today’s Member of Legislative Assembly). In that movie the Chief Minister appoints all the legislatures of his party and supporters as his Deputy Chief Ministers, as he had promised everyone in exchange of supporting him as Chief Minister. But all the Deputies had no Portfolios. He retained all the portfolios.
Now this would have been cute as a pin, but I’m not much of a pin wearer. So naturally I snapped the pin back off.
And then there's Lily. They spent their first year together in an orphanage waiting for a family. And now they are just a short car ride away from each other. I am grateful for such a God given friendship; one that shares their homeland and first year. Lily was there when I couldn't be. She'll always be special to me.
How is it that major artists make a name for themselves, and then turn around and do paint by number? There is nothing original about Hirst's canvases (don't get me started on the sliced, pickled cows, for real). I believe he has an atelier of devoted, starving artists painting his polka dots for him.
All is good in the hood.
Tuesday in class, we practiced various vocal techniques to develop a character: speaking fast, speaking slow, speaking high, speaking low, speaking with an accent, and speaking in the voice of a celebrity. The most memorable parts were my scenes with David. He did the most ludicrous version of Kermit the Frog, and I could not help laughing, but with some coaching from John, my character said that he could not take the character of David seriously, thus saving the scene.
One of the biggest issues facing my state right now is its education system. As a teacher, I am just dumbfounded by what I see my elected officials doing to the job I love. I didn't enter the classroom to enter the political game. Yet, it's something I do on a regular basis over the past decade. Instead of focusing on teaching the content of my subject area, I am often too busy doing mindless paperwork, which at times seems to be in triplicate despite technology, or a host of other mindless tasks that again take me away from doing my job. I now find myself in my free time writing letters to my elected officials in the State House to not vote for cutting the education budget more. And I am alarmed that more of my colleagues aren't doing the same.
"She thinks of him
The mother, more that a little surprised, asked fearfully, "That's interesting. How do you make babies?"
But you know what? I don’t even remember what exact class that C was from… because it’s not important.
Children of Sarah Ann Knight and Jesse S. Bostick:
My favourite drink is water. I just love its taste (for those of you who think water is tasteless – it is not!) I cannot think of any liquid the taste of which could rival good tap water (mineral water isn´t half as good). As a child I used to get seriously annoyed when well-meaning people would try to force Coke/Sprite/orange juice on me, assuming I was only asking for tap water to be modest.
Aiming at the dreams of the innocent, people who had a right to look forward for a brighter future for their country and themselves. Free of being bullied, hated and looked down upon because of being different only to have a dark shadow cast over them by the invasion of the soldiers.
Here's to new beginnings.
I believe a series of ground based stations , using a HAARP type technology (i.e. a ground based station that emits a HF frequency to induce an effect in the atmosphere or higher)…. possibly even a tweaking of the current RADAR system itself .. is being used to emit VHF or EHF .. could conversely POSSIBLY produce VLF (very low frequency) or relay very low frequency on using the tiltable AIM method..
That dragons never die
James says that no man can tame the tongue. That is actually good news, because it is not you who will tame your own tongue but it is the fire of God, the anointing of the Holy Spirit that will help you to change the way you speak and to start using your tongue to proclaim life and power. Get the fire of God in your life and it will transform every area of your life.
We’ve seen it become more common now a days and most recently, Ubisoft has confirmed the existence of Rayman Legends after a trailer leaked out showing gameplay and featuring the WiiU exclusive content. As a big fan of last year’s fantastic Rayman Origins, I can’t wait to get my hands on this one. It looks even better.
Unlike when you are on a trail and decide you are done and still have to get back to your car. And lets face it, everyone has a day now and then when what is distance or time is less than what was planned. Even has an emergency cord!
The shockwave of glass rocked me off my feet and I toppled to the ground at Cloak’s airy feet. His purple aura was strong again, his power emanating in waves of joy and praise.
On the boat, the crew said they had lost not only all their possessions but their jobs. Cosmo promised to give them £5 towards restitution – an offer that was deliberately misinterpreted by one of the crew later as a bribe not to return for survivors because the Duff Gordons were allegedly afraid their small rowing boat would be swamped. In a stoical and moving account of the tragedy sent from New York to his anxious siblings, Cosmo writes: “Indeed at that moment I would have given anything that I possessed to anybody who wanted it, as my heart was full of thanksgiving that the two women in my charge and myself were where we were.”
Bad tactics: Assuming that you can ram everything, trying to get it into tight areas or around blind corners.
Jessica would be graduating college this year, assuming she had all her credits and didn't switch majors halfway through. Would she have stayed in this area or would she have found a job in Chicago, New York, or halfway around the world?
“I just rang the police. I’m here on my own!”
I might still be ruining Mom's recipes, but at least I've learned how to at least make a recipe look like hers along the way. I used the same vegetables and sauce ingredients, but made it Mom 2012 style by cutting the fat in a big way.
A few questions …
Soon after this the family moved away; to where I don’t know. I never laid eyes on any of them ever again. Later I did overhear that the poor woman got pregnant every year and every pregnancy ended in miscarriage and a period of insanity followed with each loss.
~ I don't like nominating the next victims to do it.
KALI
“Umm.”
but it never ceases.
But Sarrack says he left the industry in 2006 after spending a frustrating 19 months trying to persuade the regulators and industry officials to consider his proposed solution.
Of blueberries hidden
Now honestly? I never ever would have thought about signing up for this. I already have family and friends I would like to see more of, and never seem to find the time for. So new people? Strangers? Umm…don’t think so.
Having just picked up Barrowmaze and read it in a cursory fashion, I thought it would be fun to run as a rather leisurely pbp. If you are interested, the link is above. No number of players is too many, I should think, but if there are fewer than four people interested, I'll probably give it a pass.
Gupta: "Dr. Lustig believes that's primarily because we replaced a lot of that fat with added sugars."
1 globe
Anyway, I know that if I don't practice, I'll never get better. So I pushed on and decided to finally trying my hand at a second cake.
All of that would be at most a minor annoyance, but this time, Eater has gone too far. Earlier this week, they published photos of the nation's most prominent food critics, many of whom pride themselves on their anonymity. This ridiculous "news item" does an immense disservice to restaurant consumers. Even in this day of Yelp, Chowhound and countless bloggers, there needs to be a place for the professional food critic, a knowledgeable journalist who takes multiple meals under the cloak of anonymity in order to make reliable recommendations to the public.
Young people teaching other young people about healthy food is incredibly powerful. Where teachers and other adults sometimes sound hectoring, young people (often saying the same thing) sound cool. I teach creative writing to kids alongside student teachers and the connection the kids make to these teacher candidates is immediate and profound. The kids see themselves in the young teachers, and they work hard to impress them. I’m not saying adults have nothing to offer (or I’d just go hang up my hat!), just that young people supporting younger people can be a massive force for positive change.
Ciao!
Hi Jen,
Very important: you have to set up your "mi sen plaz"...all your ingredients in a row, just like this. Your grated carrots, your chopped cilantro, the sliced scallions, I added with some fresh chopped mint, your dressing, combining them with the fresh ginger slices, and of course your cut limes.
When you first start out with Pay Per Click you may lose money before making any money. This is normal and even the big guru’s will start out losing money with a new PPC campaign.
So that’s Black Sabbath, and wasn’t it wonderful? It’s nice to go back to a time when horror movies were geared to be fun, like campfire tales. Too many modern movies in the genre forgo that aspect for extremity and overly serious tones that just end up falling flat and coming off as immature. So this was a treat, and if you love old horror you will dig the hell out of this. Plus, it inspired a great band!
Good Luck to everyone! :)
The name chosen for the new Oakville high school located at 2820 Westoak Trails Blvd. is Garth Webb Secondary School.
The north side, on the other hand, is dominated by a copper-clad, beak-shaped balcony, a prow to the “ship of state,” as it were, initially called by Predock the “Armadillo’s Tail,” but now referred to as “The Stinger.” It points towards high-tech North Austin. And like twenty-first century Austin, the Stinger stretches out, ever reaching, aspiring, striving for a future that all Austinites know is free for the taking, floating in that crisp, blue Hill Country sky.
He picked number 1. SURPRISE!
It didn't seem real to me. As I watched it unfold, it seemed like some bizarre Orson-Welles-War-of-the-Worlds-style hoax. As the reality of it slowly started sinking in, I still had trouble processing it, accepting it as something that will affect countless innocent lives. I had to shake off thoughts about whether my vacation would be ruined. I talked to my parents. I talked to Vija, who lives in Manhattan and works in Midtown, so I was scared for her, but she was alright. A little later on, I went to a comics website that many of my friends frequented and checked in with them on the message board. I don't remember too much of the rest of the day other than laying in my bed at night playing my Tori Amos CDs over and over again.
On the non-knitting front, we had an unprecedented and totally unexpected visit from a pair of King Parrots a couple of weeks ago. DH was having a cuppa out on the back deck and quietly called me out to see these beautys. We kept our movements slow and quiet, and they didn’t seem at all fazed by us. At first glance, I thought they were Crimson Rosellas, but DH, the birdo of the family, assured me they were King Parrots. Coincidentally, B had just learnt about them at school, and wondered if this was a sign to make them her project subject. Up to then, I’d never seen a King Parrot either in captivity or in the wild. Quite a treat!
although a lot of women enjoy their bodies and experience wonderful orgasms, it seems that in a world obsessed with body image and over-achieving, woman have added their 'inability to orgasm' to their list of reasons to feel shit about themselves.
Giana xoxo
– End rant –
Whether Joe intentionally made such a false claim to portray his service during Vietnam equal to that of Mielke’s, who served with the 82nd Airborne and was awarded a Bronze Star with ‘V’ device is known only to Joe. But, we called him on it and he corrected the misleading statement.
Pray, Adopt, Advocate, Support...Do Something!
154. Kris is positioned as a rapper in the EXO-M
The best way to tackle a tantrum is to ignore it, Dr. Leman says. "When your child is throwing a tantrum, the purpose is to get attention and to exert authority over you. And if throwing tantrums has worked in the past, your child will continue to throw them in the future." Dr. Leman's suggestion is to step over the child, totally ignore the behavior, and move on with whatever else you were doing. Nine times out of 10, your child will get up and follow you. If you're in public, don't be so worried about what other people will think -- this is about nipping this bad behavior in the bud.
Bearing in mind the focus on phone hacking, illegal investigative techniques and alleged payments to police officers, we are able, I think, to leave out of consideration as regards alleged perjury much of Mr Wight’s evidence where these matters were not raised. Unless News International have presented the police with clear proof re these extraneous matters, it is highly unlikely they form the basis for the present investigation.
Germaine Cheng, Elizabeth McLean
The second store showed me a Janome something or other, I don't remember the model number. It was ok, but I didn't love it. Then they showed me a Viking Emerald 118.
Prior to this, I was working on the doomed “Annoying person from Saved by the Bell for President” campaign. I assumed the Chief of Staff role in good faith, thinking that Republicans might just vote for a guy that looked and spoke like Horshack from Welcome Back Kotter. My feelings were confirmed when I viewed YouTube footage of the aforementioned “Screech” taking on the also aforementioned “Horshack” in a boxing match (real, actual footage that can be actually viewed on YouTube). Horshack’s defensive strategy needs to be overhauled, though he has got a great ‘really mad guy’ stare. Needless to say, we pulled out of the race after the Florida primary.Not enough boxing based debates, I thought.
Time letters has been cut out with my Gazelle, paper Memories. I have used the Weathered Clock die by Tim Holtz/Sizzix for the clock (paper 1922). The butterfly has been cut out with the same paper using a Martha Stewart butterfly punch. I added some Distress Stickles Rock Candy to make it sparkle. Roses from Wild Orchid Crafts.
First off, question your assumptions. High school does not look the same for every student, and the high school years will not look the same for every unschooler. Some end up taking some courses. Some get intrigued by a subject and read college-level textbooks that Mom found for $1 on the clearance shelf at Half Price Books that have been gathering dust on the shelf at home for more than a year. Some learn skills on their own by following interests that lead them into jobs that become careers. And some do a combination of these.
It’s real easy Dean. Sign up 200 members and you’ll be the MLA.”
She has kept many examples of my early artwork to this day, and I can see the progression in my drawings. One of the earliest things I could draw well was an Elephant. I loved elephants (and I had a ratty old baby blanket in the shape of an elephant). So when I was little, my mom would fold paper and write the words and I would draw the illustrations for my own little books. (One of the first stamps Our Craft Lounge had me draw was a cute elephant, I thought this was very ironic). My next favorite things to draw were dinosaurs (because they were the only things bigger than elephants). When I was in 1st grade there was a program at school called "Young Authors" and I wrote a book about dinosaurs.
UPDATE: After a couple of weeks, I decided the stationary envelopes were just TOO SMALL! So, I switched to creating larger envelopes! Much better!!
So, long story short, this is my last post on this blog (wierd!) Our blog will now be switched to the web address www.dealstomeals.blogspot.com Be patient with us as we convert the two together--I promise, once it is done, it will be an AMAZING blog with exciting new options! If you are a current follower of this blog, feel free to become a follower/Google Reader of our other blog. You will continue to get food storage information, tips, and recipes on this blog, as well as even MORE recipes, tips and tricks.
1 Interstellar Overdrive 14:56 October 31, 1965 - Demo
And yet, in the course of only a 3-week fieldwork period in eastern Congo in the winter of 2004, a couple of female bureaucrats at USAID who didn’t shy away from tackling head on this phenomenon, gave it the name sexual terrorism, now tagged by the UN, and developed in the process a basic theoretical toolkit for understanding it - to the shame and grief of academic social scientists!
This past Friday night was her first time. She had played a bit of V-Ball at her school in gym, but that is nothing compared to how these girls play. They had placed her with the younger kids because she hadn't played much, so she learned how to serve and volley. She worked muscles she didn't even know she had, so she was a bit sore, but still had a lot of fun.
I opened the door and the first thing I saw was a small puddle of pink syrup on the floor. Laying next to the puddle was an empty bottle of Benadryl. I looked at Jackson and noticed pink syrup dripping from his lip and running down his shirt. I asked him if he drank the Benadryl and he said that he did. When I asked how much did he drink he said "A lot." I did not know how much medicine was in the bottle to begin with so I went into a bit of a panic. More of a panic then the time when a three-year-old Wyatt drank almost a full beer. Panics at 6:30 in the morning move a lot slower than afternoon panics.
Commission
Heard it through the grapevine......about the Bidor business ?
“I have a couple more to get,” I said.
Here is a close up of the spinner and game:
Add butter. Pulse about 10 times, or until the mixture resembles pea-sized crumbs.
My deepest dark corners find confidence frayed
I tried to get one with the wings open, because they were the sweetest blue I've ever seen. No deal. They were too busy enjoying whatever it was, on the mossy rocks, at our little creek.
Had gathered up some food,
California’s native plants offer gardeners many pleasures– from fragrance (the best), color (amazing) and texture (exquisite) to glorious bird and butterfly activity, to ease of care and low water bills! A varied assortment of gorgeous, garden-worthy native plants – including many of the speaker’s favorite flora – will be shown and described, with helpful tips on plant selection, installation and ongoing maintenance. Lili has worn many hats through the years, all of which have contributed to her limitless knowledge about most anything that grows! She was the host of "The Garden Show" on radio station KCRW-FM, wrote a gardening column for a design magazine, taught gardening and horticulture through UCLA Extension, consulted on homeowners' gardens throughout Los Angeles, and had her own very successful magazine called The Southern California Gardener. Today Lili leads the Thursday Garden Talks at the Arboretum and is Special Projects Coordinator for the Theodore Payne Foundation. www.theodorepayne.org
Magic potion without a herb
Narhanhan
For all of you who don’t know, I am a licensed cosmetologist for almost 4 years now and work at a local salon.
Iced Tea... hot tea... chai tea... green tea...
And that is why we are looking for two new DT members that will join us from May 23th on. You have to make a card every two weeks in Christmas or Winter style and leaving a comment on the participans blogs but we have a schedule for that ;o) Do you want to become one of the new DT Members make a card with this weeks sketch abd leave DT after your name in InLinkz and you will soon hear from us if you are one of the lucky girls. You can join us untill Sunday May 6th.
2. Hal Holbrook (Sandburg’s Lincoln, 1974; North and South, 1985; North and South, Book II, 1986)
The podcast changes to an interview type listen, where Ricky and Steve ask questions and Karl answers. When Karl says something, like how things in the house are constantly breaking, you will notice Ricky and Steve will always question what Karl has done wrong before they ask if what happens is a result of something someone else has done. This is done purposely to wind Karl up, as they know and the listeners know how defensive and grumpy Karl will get and that when he gets wound up, he'll come out with some of his best quotes or arguments.
the greatest dreams
(4) When at length the Judge or judges and the King of kings comes from heaven. He will overturn the whole dominion and power of the Adversary. He will also consume all of them with the eternal fire of punishment. But to His servants, prophets and martyrs, and to all those who fear Him, He will give an everlasting kingdom.
Is that the case in England? Or are we paying our bills to rent the use of water which is then mostly returned to the companies for re-renting after clean-up? It's difficult to tell from the media announcements but they do take the form of specific prohibitions - 'banned' activities rather than banned mains water usage (you can leave your kitchen tap running and there's no penalty).
It can be devalued.
When, however, an already occupied yellow truck drove by with mangled car in tow, I relapsed into my adult thinking and mumbled, "Dammit."
P.S. Have you met Henri, the existentialist cat?
Have a lovely day y'all!
After a quick stop in at Pinkberry (my new obsession, more on that later) for breakfast, we headed up to the Nederlander Theatre where the musical ‘Newsies’ has just opened. Friends of mine at home encouraged me to go and see it on Broadway if I had the chance, but the tickets are pricey, and with it just having opened (for a limited engagement), almost sold out. We headed to the lottery… and BINGO, I won! Pretty exciting, since although I have been to a lot of shows on lottery tickets, rarely is it my name that is called!
Tuesday, 10 April: Dave Foxon (43), manager of the Umbhaba Lodge near Hazyview, was shot dead in front of his pregnant wife and two children.
"I swear not to say a word about what we do in this game to anyone outside..."
But it’s not that the Occupiers are adrift at sea without a light to paddle towards. The light exists, but it’s in the opposite direction from what they think. Again Etzioni;
Newt Gingrich
Among the items displayed alongside the Ten Commandments at Narrows High School are the Declaration of Independence, the Mayflower Compact, the Magna Carta, the words to the Star-Spangled Banner, and the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom.
Love yah sis, mother, father and bro! Dad, I love you too of course!
You're focused on the wrong thing here. In a novel of suspense (which is what this is), you want to focus on the person who is the target. The less said about the perpetrator the better. Take out everything that isn't Gina. Focus on what she sees and fears.
A three-movement montage, Lovers on a Bridge is Tom’s dedication and musical valentine to his wife, Jenni. It combines the perspectives of husband and wife. Pain, love, confusion, commitment, sorrow, compassion, remembered promises, new pledges written in the throes of searching for something true and almost lost. Lovers on a Bridge is deeply moving. Taken part by part, this mélange holds the sheen of tears. Taken in sum, it is an acoustic mural of affirmation for two long-time partners who renew their marriage—soulmates who share laughter roughly won.
And I thought it said:
Lantrai*
Physically, it is so easy to go to the Lord in prayer. But we have an adversary who makes it, oh, so difficult. The flesh is still willing, but the spirit is weak. Are you utilizing God’s grace, striving together so that the preaching of the cross bears it’s intended fruit?
it started with me – and if it'd ended with me, i would have just thought i had a common cold. no huge deal. but then it hit bonzo, seeming entirely like a cold as well. but with a couple days of a fever sprinkled in and wrapping up with a cough. then it hit the chooch. it was exactly what me and the bonz had but a whole lot worse. the flu.
Monday: high-level question, direct instruction/note taking (15 min.), prolonged independent reading, and answer to question; HW: 30 minutes reading and 15 minutes practice
I needed five minutes before I could face this morning porridge of duty and love and joy, which Roger usually shares with me. So I flicked open my iPhone and I glanced at Facebook. My west coast friend Elizabeth had already posted a link to Emily Rapp's Slate essay on Rick Santorum's abortion politics and the facts of her son Ronan's life. It's a great essay, and you all should read it. As Elizabeth notes on her own blog, Rapp writes about paradox, about the pain of holding contradictory ideas in one's mind. I admire the essay and I admire Rapp's blog.
Thanks for stopping by! That's it for me for today. See you tomorrow for another fun Mo's DP2 Challenge!
when freedom is simply pulling closer
Was it Yogi Berra who said you can learn a lot by just watching? Well, you can also learn a lot by reading books that explain how others survived their individual journey through life. They are frequently entertaining and often inspiring, but they always open a door to other’s experiences that can prove useful to your own life choices.
We married exactly 3 years after that first 'date'- May Day weekend 1984.
They searched the water-logged city to find anything of interest, any kind of clue or hint as to where to proceed next. They were just about to call it a day when they realised there was still one building left they hadn’t checked. Opening the front door, they saw a flight of stairs leading down into darkness, a most familiar sight to them.
Fleischmann aspires to become a research scientist in chemistry and to use his Arabic skills to study environmental issues concerning fossil fuels in a region that has some of the largest oil reserves in the world.
So…Evil Feathers. You win. Haha though – you’re stuck right on the butt of the Evil Cute costume…nanana-boo-boo. (In other words – you don’t really win, you just think you do).
Pages read since last update: 100
The worst punishment a school can receive is something called the “Death Penalty.” This means that a school, no matter what Division they are a part of, cannot compete in a certain sport for an entire year. It has only been implemented five times, including twice for basketball programs. If this trend of recruiting violations continues to increase, punishments may start to be become more severe.
Actually there is none.... Just some college band I played in... maybe I'm just experience that period now!!!
Throw your hair up to show off the jewelry, and not let the ensemble get too busy or forced looking.
The placenta came away very quickly, maybe 5-10 minutes later, and Tyler was already breastfeeding when the midwife turned up five minutes later. I couldn't stop apologising, I was so sad that after all these months they had missed out on the birth!
Just when you think you've had your fun,
Sigmund Freud
Muse: Are you rich?
This month my foodie pen pal was Lauren, from Lauren Living Locally. I visited her blog before receiving my package, and I was extremely excited to be paired with her! I just knew she would send me different, delicious treats, and for my first #Foodiepenpals box, she definitely did not disappoint!
Click below to link up your answers!
This week, the sergeant said it was “better for him” not to speak to us. He requested that we didn’t use his name and wouldn’t elaborate on the threats against him.
Last month I made a few Rice-Filled Heating Pads for some special adults in my life. I thought about those and then decided to make a "child's version" for our grandchildren for Valentine's Day. As a result, this here flock was created...
I am way too passionate. I read this great article about the different male archetypes, and while I found that I have an ok balance of many traits, I lean more towards “the lover”; romantic, artistic and idealistic, which could lead to perversion and addiction if I don’t stay in balance.
Like tonight!
Roll into balls, flatten with the back of a spoon or a fork and bake. For the Coconut Ice, I rolled the balls in coconut before flattening. For the Lemon Delice, I added a small bit of lemon essence to the dough. Grated lemon rind would've been nice too but I didn't want to risk it with my fussy daughter. She would've complained if she saw specks of 'something' sticking out of a biscuit. For the Choc Crackle Caramel, I rolled the balls in cocoa before pressing.
It wasn’t just a good week for men’s basketball; UGA swept the Vols in 4 sports last week, as Bernie is happy to recap in vivid color.
Their life stories are grandly told, from the time they were young, but the passing of a Veteran goes unnoticed, and unsung.
After a bit of Depapepe and Laura Fygi (both good), we went in to hear Pat Metheny. And I was floored. An instant convert. His music was magical; there was only the single sore point of ‘VIPs’ sitting behind us and opting to talk to each other LOUDLY while he played. Souvik, the non-confrontational man, went off in search of another space in the music hall, while I stayed put and gave those oldies a very small piece of my mind to shut them up. Pat Metheny played an encore which was probably the most heavenly piece of music I’ve heard in a while. Hats off!
I started my own personal music collection in junior high. Before that I listened to my parents music or recorded things off the radio on my fischer price radio/recorder.
The twins are awesome. Blake is a much happier baby since we stopped breast feeding at 11 weeks.
jen xx"
I just need to get Kaitlin's information to send her the Cricut Cartridge seen in my blog candy picture- Congratulations! I hope she enjoys it.
In a matter of moments, Oliver proved O’Donnell’s point and stumbled over questions about his “close pal”‘ causing O’Donnell to shut him down saying, “You don’t even have a consistent story. You’ve told us you don’t know what his mistakes were; then you tell us he grew from them. There’s so much you don’t know, Joe.”
“Nineteen seventy-seven brought a shift back to punk, as expressed in Malcolm McLaren and Vivienne Westwood’s fifties-influenced clothes and music, bondage and restriction, amphetamine sulfate use, and angry, confrontational politics.
To those people still “nostalgic” for the flavorless, meaningless, vomit-inducing cheese-fest that is late 90s music, is your brain incapable of progressing? Do you even have a brain? How can you possibly think the BSB still sounds good? Help me understand, actually don’t. If I have to listen to a Backstreet Boys song one more time, my brain is literally going to explode and I am going to vomit all over you.
I don’t remember being particularly nervous or excited as we drove to the courthouse (maybe my stuffed-up nose and ears prevented that), but when we pulled up and tumbled out onto the courthouse steps on that sunny morning, my heart began to flutter a bit.
In Midnight in Paris the protagonist played by Owen Wilson is a writer with a love of nostalgia. Paris 2010 is okay, but to him Paris 1920's is the golden era of the city. Through cinematic magic he travels back to that desired time and place and eventually becomes attracted to a woman from a time before he was born. What he finds out is that the citizens of that era (the woman in particular) are no more enamoured with their time than he is with his own. To her the golden era of Paris was before the assimilation of the automobile. Horses and carriages were a more romantic means of transportation than the 1920's automobiles she was used to, though those very same automobiles were beautiful and quaint in the eyes of the protagonist. Woody Allen’s conclusion at the end of the movie is that there is no golden era when most things were good and lovely and so you should make the most of the place and time you live in. For Allen this would probably be chalked up to a world philosophy, but as a Christian I recognize in his discernments a parallel to something we find in the Bible.
12) Our Hands Tell Our Stories We receive the body of Christ in upturned hands every time we kneel at the altar. And as we kneel and wait, our hands, so unique and revealing about our lives, are made equal.
Now go and clean off your desk :)
That's frustrating. And it's made me enjoy the job a lot less, in recent weeks. Which I'm sure has made me less pleasant to be around, in some quarters. It's tough to buck up for another 55 hour work week when you're just not sure it's going to get you anywhere.
But however they do it, let the hiders be warned: Electronic discovery is making it a lot easier to uncover all that covert activity.
This is a silent film, so be warned. And because it's a silent film, they have a music score that runs under the film. I found the score to be super annoying but the footage made it worth while to watch.
"Waiting and watching. Weeping into your sleeves -- these are not the traits of heroes, neither Ulysses, nor Aeneas, and not Joshua. Think, rather, of Penelope. Think of all the women down through the years who have watched and waited -- but who, like the boys with their horse, wept and picked themselves up and went on -- and you will have a small sense, then, of the heroes here. The occupied, the bombed, and the very, very brave. This is Frankie Bard in London. Good night."
Setbacks
Our only hope lay in the time-wasting intrinsic in the colour coding, the glitter pens and the opportunities they would already be taking for laying down excuses against not coming top.
To believe in the sincere and genuine, and have trust built,
Belmont also insinuated that Christians have wasted public resources by lodging police reports over the matter:
a whiff from my blooming lilacs
Something dawned on me the other day. I haven't been blogging lately. I'm a month behind on my "read through the Bible in a year" plan. I don't remember the last time I worked out. These were all supposed to be priorities for me - what happened?
around the world to get
Costume College ended nearly a week ago, and I've been so abominably busy that I haven't had time to write about it! Of course, it was a BLAST. There is nothing quite equal to a full weekend spent among fellow costumers. I always come away overwhelmed by the creative energy, and with sore cheeks from continually grinning at the fabulousness I see everywhere.
What are YOU watching right now? Any recommendations for me?
He married Martha Coetzee and in 1904, like many other fighters in the war, he traveled to St Louis to perform in the Boer War Show at the Exposition. The show was taken to Coney Island where it went bankrupt, stranding its players in New York without finances. Many of the Boers in the show settled in the United States.
But on this night, we rejoice for a savoir has been born. A savior that has taken up our sinful fight and with that we wish you all a good night.
'Petra heard the key turn in the lock and the clacking of Prada pumps walking down the stairs outside. Without hesitation, the Louboutins made it across the room, almost like the heels weren't touching the dusty and extremely dirty carpeted floor. 'Petra kneeled down on the filthy floor, and looked at the woman his mother had been hunched over. She looked so tiny, peaceful yet disturbingly pale. 'Petra reached down and wiped the hair away from the old womans forehead and mumbled an incantation.
He hemmed. He hawed. Then finally:
"The indigenous California Indians used this poppy as both a source of food and medicine. Several groups boiled the plant, or roasted it on host stones, to eat as a green. The Costanoan Indians rubbed a decoction of the flowers in the hair to kill lice; the Indians of Mendocino County used a poultice of fresh root for toothaches and a topically applied extract for headaches and sores; and Cahuilla women used the pollen as a cosmetic and the whole plant as a sedative for babies. Medicinally, California poppy is a plant with sedative, analgesic and antispastic activities, but unlike the alkaloids of the opium poppy, it does not seem to induce tolerance and dependence. It is touted by some for the treatment of anxiety and to induce sleep in patients affected
Come ride, dance and experience the ultimate freedom: trading your car for a bike!
And so before the music fades and the producer offstage gives the wrap it up signal, I shall move on...
You are our heart. You are such an amazing little girl and we love to watch you grow. Your independent and a girl who knows what she wants. That makes it hard on your parents sometimes - that strong will of yours. Your sweet and tender heart shows love. Your laugh fills our home with happiness. Everyday we are thankful.
Puss in Boots – The Great Adventure - In this version, Puss is helping a budding musician, and the twist comes about because of a surprise relationship between Puss and the Ogre. I really love how this story ends. It has some very touching and some very funny scenes and your children will love it (and you will too.)
For this months challenge I decided to use an A4 piece of lilac pearlescent
Let’s face it, there are only so many dinner salads in the world. And I don’t want to start relying on the microwave too much. All those preservatives make me just the slightest bit nervous. Is Susan Marlowe paranoid? Google food additives and see just how squeamish it makes you.
Mickey...Toni Basil
HAS no theme strictly speaking...
1B. Media and the City – TEL 238
The next day proved a first for me. I shot my first official "photographer" event. It was a Sweet Seventeen Party for some friends from church, who I love dearly, so I figured, why not. Note to self: Event photography is not your gig, deal with it. But I had a blast and Sami was beautiful. Here are a couple of my favs!
However I wasn't really able to connect with the characters, which ultimately hindered my enjoyment. Main character Elizabeth Margaret has always done what is expected of her and is prepared for an internship before going to Harvard and then becoming a lawyer like her father. She would rather be a chef and try new things instead of accepting the life mapped out for her by her grandmother and parents. But she wasn't going to try that until she receives an offer from an aunt she never knew she had to visit for the summer.
that said
He has the slightest hint of a grin... just the slightest... and that throws me over the edge.
Off to pick up the brother, and said items.
At 20 months, McKinley is talking a ton! It seems like a light bulb just clicked this last month and she is now trying to talk all the time and say everything! She can pretty much say anything she wants to say! She is even putting ideas together and using small sentences. The other day we went out for ice cream and McKinley looked at the empty bowl and said, "ice cream, all gone!" She's starting to put words and ideas together more and more! Whenever we tell her that we're going to see Mya, she goes through all the names of everyone in their family. She says, "Ma (Madison), My My (Mya), Bra (Brad), and Emmy (Emily)." She usually is doing a dance and squealing while she goes through all their names because she is so excited to go and see them! Here she having Mya put some makeup on her :)
This is MY journal of recovery from and eating disorder, so certain items may be triggering. If you are in remission I will warmly welcome comments; if you are trying to delve deeper into your ED I will not tolerate those who try to drag me down with them.
Obama favors control over governing? In the most important big policy changer so far, health care reform, rather than dictate to Congress, Obama asked Congress to assemble a proposal. Republicans refused to participate in making a good bill until Nancy Pelosi got it passed in the House. Then, rather than wake up and try to make changes they might need in the Senate, they launched a campaign of slander and fiction against health care.
Realizing that much gave me an idea. It wasn’t much, though.
Second, the Court observes that, according to the Directive, the purchaser of a software licence has the right to observe, study or test the functioning of that software in order to determine the ideas and principles which underlie any element of the program. Any contractual provisions contrary to that right are null and void. Furthermore, the determination of those ideas and principles may be carried out within the framework of the acts permitted by the licence.
“Good boy!” she said, kissing him on both cheeks. “Now remember! You’re not to tell anyone about what you’ve just done!”
Maybe harmonious relations can only be produced by approaching the prospect of becoming an expatriate alongside your children and seeing it as a journey taken undoubtedly together, despite the different emotions and experiences along the way. Let your children teach you whilst you are doing everything you can to help them in their new lives, and you will both find it
- Retief’s so-called manifesto has too often been accepted uncritically and without analysis of context. Not all the assertions can be accepted at face value. It must be analysed carefully and critically.
I completed everything in Super Mario Sports Mix. At first, the game was mostly an average party game, but after completing all the tournaments, I found out there was a boss battle in the game! That just made the game absolutely great in my eyes! I even made an epic team of Mario, White Mage from Final Fantasy, and Slime from Dragon Quest. There's just something awesome to have three characters from different worlds teaming up to save the world.
Anyway I felt I needed to do a quick check in. Here is a thought that struck me in church this morning: lately I’ve been thinking a lot about this whole concept of sin, and especially the idea of a “sin nature” or Original Sin. Which has a long history in Christianity, but it’s also a tempestuous one, full of debate and doubt.
I had a dream the other morning, just before waking that I want to share with you. I was in a small boat at night on the Hudson River that traveled from island to island and around Manhattan. In the boat was a beautiful woman. When she spoke to me, she engaged me with such genuine passion and she had a special way of holding my hands and gently rubbing them as we spoke. I was utterly moved by her presence and how intently she delivered her message and how well she listened with her ears, heart and hands. I wanted to become her.
They are post-advertising agencies. They have no interest in the art, no passion for the craft.
(1) Propaganda attacking Falun Gong that originates from the Communist Party has been spread seemingly everywhere, leading to bigotry and suspicion toward the Falun Gong internationally. While much of this situation has been rectified as people have gotten to know those who practice Falun Gong and what the discipline stands for, the effects of this smear campaign, which began in 1999, can still be felt today.
Finally got some excellent pictures of me preggers.
The Album is accompanied by quite some extras, e.g. four videos, form concerts, and one of them exclusively for the album, there are classical violin recordings (you may know that Emilie Autumn is an excellent violinist) playing songs by Bach, an excerpt of a reading of her book, an “interview” (really funny), a poem (she also wrote poems), etc.
In today’s gospel reading John 11:45-56, the first verse,
This world is a cathedral to an animist’s eyes - even things from the modern era, like computers and radiation, are sacred. There is absolutely no reason that the old saying ‘everything in nature has a soul’ can’t apply to nature as re-arranged by brainy humans. Integrated circuit-boards and the radioactive force included.
Pippa Middleton is the highest ranking royal at number 1 but despite creeping up seven places since 2011, her sister, Kate Middleton aka The Duchess of Cambridge could only manage 32nd place.
it's easy to fall into the trap
First, I think it is important to let you know who I am. I am young, well-educated, and female. I am a mother, a wife, and a professional. I am a member of my neighborhood association. I vote in local, state and national elections. I am well informed, and follow both the mainstream and alternative media. I attend church regularly (Unitarian Universalist) because I value the community and the values of social justice it supports. I am a home owner, a taxpayer, and an engaged citizen.
"Charles Wallace understands more than the rest of us, doesn't he?
Stoop and stretch, scratch and yawn,
TIME: 6:30 PM
Call the Elements.
me to get back into shape with them at the gym with Zumba.
Or a mathematical genius and borderline autistic girl who can see all the angles and save that extra special Luke Skywalker figurine from the forces of chaos and darkness all by herself, thanks very much!
Then Sam goes berserk, and with a good reason…
the flames which i escaped
Sleeper Agent
Pushing someone to let go before they are ready, allows emotions such as anger to linger and causes us to doubt ourselves and even have regret later on. Going through the process of letting go brings understanding... and ultimately peace with our decisions.
Surely, the widespread perception of anomie and disorder contributed to a climate conducive to crime, but broken windows were a symptom of poverty, not its cause. They were a sign of the abandonment of the projects’ residents by the city, and by an economy that either could not provide jobs—as factories closed and the middle class fled to the government-subsidized suburbs—or simply could not provide employment at a wage that could pay the rent necessary for decent housing.
Here are a couple of vignettes I did a few years back for a Zombie Pirates of the Black Coast Army. I never completed enough figures for the project to make it to the gaming table and besides my interest in all things GW was on the wane by this point in time. However I think these boys deserve another crack of the whip so they may yet get incorporated in the Retro Dungeon project.
The book is short, and that could be fine, but too many things were crammed in and none were particularly fleshed out. Plot threads were minimally developed and some were even dropped all together with no resolution. The supernatural parts didn't have enough explanation for me either. It was a fun read for sure, but the more I think about it the more I can find to nitpick.
“So can faith,” he calmly responds.
Istigkeit. My reason.
Do you know what he did? He listened. Since he didn't feel attacked he actually listened and he even told me that because I stayed calm and spoke honestly it made him want to hear me.
A recording of a session at my place, almost exactly twelve years after the previous song, of a song made famous by Super Biton from Segou. Flani was a good friend of Biton singer Mamadou 'Percey' Doumbia. This song was never part of the Djata Band repertoire, so you can hear Zani switching to more suitable chords, displaying a great talent for improvisation. Zani and Flani were in Holland to perform in the 'Opera Bambara' with the title "Fura". I'll post more songs from this session at a later date.
FORT WORTH — For more than eight months, officials have been forcibly injecting convicted murderer Steven Kenneth Staley with anti- psychotic drugs that one day may make him sane enough to be executed.Whether Staley deserves to die is not an issue — that was decided long ago by a Tarrant County jury and upheld by the appellate courts. The controversy surrounding Staley now is a complex issue at the forefront of a legal debate about the death penalty in the United States:
The fact that “global warming” was generated by the United Nations should have been the red flag that something was not just wrong about it, but that it hid an agenda aimed at Western industrialized nations.
:: Clean Eating. Have you heard of it? Pretty sure I could not sustain this long term, but it's a nice idea, right?? Or there's Low-Carb/No-Carb or Dr. Oz's 17 Day Diet.
Spaghetti with Meatball. K doesn't eat most types of cheese and he didn't want to go for their rice meal (which was something most diners ate that time), so he went for spaghetti with meatball (1/2 serving). He wasn't that hungry and he didn't want to eat the entire half serving, so while the staff was putting spaghetti on his plate, he asked the staff to stop as soon as she placed some spaghetti. I told him he wasn't getting his money's worth because it was obviously less than what the serving should be, but he didn't want to end up with a bloated feeling and he didn't want to force himself to eat the entire serving, so this was enough for him. Well, I guess I could consider that as a diet tip. :)
PREPARATION TIME
~Andrei Guruianu
Prosecutors filed papers of intent to seek to have Anthony executed if she is convicted of first-degree murder, said Danielle Tavernier, a spokeswoman for the State Attorney’s Office in Orlando.
Modern technology which purportedly makes our lives easier, is also making it easier for government agencies to monitor suspects. The technology I’m referring to here is of course smart phone technology and related social networking applications, blogs, online forums, geotagging, etc… If you cannot see that this world is fast moving towards a system that is automatically categorizing people with similar beliefs and viewpoints into easy identifiable groups, then you must be blind!
I'll bet it is a very rare occurrence. I'd probably not go. Although it would be an exhibitionist's dream ailment and emergency room visit.
We'll keep you updated on here and on Twitter. Be sure to follow Shauni on Twitter, you can find her link on the right hand column.
In other words, by isolating and elevating phonics into this prime method, testing it and then describing it as 'reading', we are in serious danger of losing sight of what reading is for. Or put another way, we're in serious danger of producing some (how many?) five, six and seven year olds who can 'bark at print' but who are 'getting' very little from what they're reading. In which case, I and most of us would say, what's the point?
When the day finally came, I was so excited, S. Godinez and I drove up around 12:30 and we got to the studio around 2:45, but the CBS parking lot was full, so we had to park at the Garden Grove lot, which was nice, but we had to pay a fee (The CBS lot was free). While we were leaving the CBS lot to go to the Garden Grove lot, a Kid Cudi doppleganger walked by and asked if we wanted to buy an iPad…that’s not shady. After we parked, we stood in the 1iota line, and we waited to be let in. The 1iota reservation tickets say to arrive 30 minutes before the check-in time (we were told to check in at 3:30), but we weren’t let into the studio area until 4pm, where they made us go through a metal detector, and leave our phones at the door with them. They then had us sit on benches where a warm up comedian (Mickey B) tried to get us pumped up and laughing, his style was very similar to Lewis Black, whom I’m not a very big fan of. Mickey had a few funny jokes, but I feel that his purpose was to get the audience used to the vulgarity and crudeness that we would experience while watching the show.
I can’t begin to explain the overwhelming feelings of frustration and despair I experienced watching tonight’s game.
"Looking at his hair makes me feel funny on the inside."
It's one thing, if you have 5-6 waiters waiting on you,
We conducted an extensive investigation of the occupy movement to identify the people involved, as well as the money and influence behind it. What we found is that nothing related to the “Occupy Movement” is what it appears. In fact, nothing from Arab Spring, to DHS policy and beyond is what it appears to be. We found unsettling relationships between people, elected and appointed officials, groups, and organizations that extend back many years.
So as they shun idealism and progress with their hoofs firmly on the ground, they free up a few moments to really enjoy things, to really have a look at the world. Instead of mindlessly chomping on whatever their ancestors chomped on, they will try a discarded fan belt. And the calories and minerals from the fan belt allows them enough free time later in the day to lock horns with their friends, or climb a tree or just have a lie down in the shade.
1.) Whisk together all of the batter ingredients in a large bowl.
PM: 1:37, 2700'
FACT: The highly unusual music soundtrack in this story was created by a group called Les Structures Sonorés, who produced music on glass tubes.
About a month ago I stumbled upon a “Bears” blog. People were asking this man about how he got so large, why he did it, and if he was healthy. After sifting through many Q&As I found a picture of this man. A before and an after picture. The before was him in 2007 at a shocking 120 pounds. The after picture was of him on the first day of 2012 at a staggering 310 pounds. This man had made a conscious decision to gain 190 pounds. In many of his updates about his successes he mentioned that he was perfectly healthy. Blood pressure was normal, no pain, his lungs were in working order, and he felt better than ever.
Shakespeare in Love (Marc Norman and Tom Stoppard)
1/3 c almond meal
I then made the metal panels to cover the bottom part of the box. I used a Ten Seconds Studio mould and rubbed Black Stazon ink directly over the raised part of the metal. For the word 'inks' I hand drew the letters onto tissue paper and then used a scoring tool to draw the letters onto the reverse of the metal. I did some freehand doodling and then used the Pearl Mixative to highlight the letters. I think that letters are something I need to practice as they didn't have quite the impact I was after.
He comes from a very proud heritage you see, he comes from Vikings and warlords or lords of war. They are men just because they fought the fight; any other reason other than strong will does not resonate well with the masses. He was angry for letting his guard down, he could feel his daddy turning over in his grave, his mama looking down from up in heaven in disdain, he could not stomach it, and so he let out a hurl, a heave, a sigh, a gulp and out came the rabbit leg he had taken for lunch. It all came out. He had a foul taste in his mouth, but there were no tooth brushes or toothpaste, all he did was wipe his chin and continue sitting there. After all no one is here to see my shame, and even if they were here, I wouldn’t care that much, wait, I wouldn’t care at all.
to Nigerian Universities,
Schenker MB, Gold EB, Beaumont JJ, Eskenazi B, Hammond SK, Lasley BL, McCurdy SA, Samuels SJ, Saiki CL, Swan SH. Association of spontaneous abortion and other reproductive effects with work in the semiconductor industry. Am J Ind Med 1995; 28: 639-659.
2) Cloud Computing to Enhance Your Business
Normally these spikes into the high RF end up making the storms MORE intense — or cause storms to occur up to TWO/THREE days later !
On "The Specter of Genius", two Berlin-based players whose influences encompass Punk Rock and Heavy Metal as well as Free Improv and contemporary notated music offer their variations on the theme of guitar/drum-units like the famous Derek Bailey/Steve Noble "Out of the Past" album. Recorded about a decade after the Bailey-Noble meeting, the improvisations by self-taught guitarist Olaf Rupp and drummer Michael Wertmüller, who studied music intensively in Berne and Amsterdam, differ from the other CD due to the drummer’s larger kit and Rupp’s use of both acoustic and electric guitars.
I gave up on getting to Maryland in time for the events that had set our timeline. My cousin's band was playing at a favorite little cafe, and a dear friend was having her last big birthday party in Maryland before moving to Chicago. Yes, these are the kinds of things that fill our sails and set our "un-schedule". Why not?
to play
if they could speak
Me included.
to the ages than these white
10. Tina Charles – Connecticut Sun*
After that, I never admitted to liking anything that wasn’t Cool Guy Approved – The Mighty Lemondrops, The Violent Femmes, Kate Bush, They Might Be Giants, Blondie, The Cure, Uncle Tupelo, The Pixies, The Replacements. I genuinely liked and like these artists.
MARRIAGE is beautiful and is FOREVER.
My delectable cookies are done.
To Bloom One Day is a wonderful conclusion to this series. No strange events such as Enishi suddenly becoming very competent at his job and running the inn occur. It’s a very melancholic end, yet we see hope that everyone will come back together one day in the future. The mirror setting of Ohana on the streets of Tokyo is very well-crafted. I was heavily depressed when this episode aired last year and it still makes me feel sad when I re-watch it. It’s a pleasant ending to this series.
Now, in case you read the sentence above as I painted this painting... that is definitely not the case.
It probably won’t be back. NBC could potentially renew any non Chelsea Handler show, but the ratings for this show probably wouldn’t even justify renewal on this network.
When I asked the guys what music inspires them, they informed me that “Bobby is heavily influenced by Nirvana and Abner Jay, Leo is really into Titus Andronicus and Manchester Orchestra right now, Zach is jockin’ GDP, Nasty Nas and Lagwagon and Bill is into Discordance Axis, Pig Destroyer and Regina Spektor. The bands that influence us as a band are all of our friends bands (Tigers Jaw, The Greek Favourites, The Holy Mess, The Menzingers, Choke Up!, etc…)”
There is so much I want to say, so much on my heart, so many truths that need to be preached, but I don’t want to weary my readers with too much at once. Let me relate what happened in the last two days. I was driving home from getting the mail and as I approached the intersection where our farm is there was a Chihuahua dog running around in the middle of the road. It seemed to have no fear or concept of the danger vehicles posed despite me blowing my horn. I slowed and was careful not to hit it. There was a truck pulled over with a guy who seemed to be rearranging things inside the cab, so I hoped the dog belonged to him and went on. From the house I watched as he drove off and could see that traffic had to slow down and stop so realized that he didn’t take the dog with him. As I plowed later I saw this little dog in the field between our house and where it had been before.
I get the number of her specialist and fire off a rocket. I call the nurses and leave a roaring message. Within 5 minutes the nurse calls and I get her to call my Mom. And an hour later she's in hospital. Turns out her heart is ok, thank God. But she has a severe bacterial infection all the way from her mouth to her gut. And her wound from surgery is not so hot either.
*No animals were harmed in the reading of The Hunger Games.
IF: “What the f##k is Dylan for the Deaf then?”
“There has never been a demand for an alcohol ban on campus from Muslim or non-Muslim students.
While he was amusing himself with his own game of watching, Pookie was having herself a great time. The adoration for children was something that the two of them had in common. She was sprawled out on a blanket, a slender hand (she knew it to be her mother-owner), being drawn across her back in a smooth and steady rhythm. Just as smooth and steady as the purr that came through a parted jaw. A quick lick across a fingertip that strayed by her face, and then she was off. A big fluff of white, with her equally fluffy and white tail perked up high behind her. She pawed off the blanket and across the grass, not straying too far, but far enough to catch the eyes of children. Ah, children. It didn’t take long for a group of three to kneel before her, coaxing her in. Pookie’s tail flicked back and forth as she moved closer, the damp grass against her paws, until their own little paws caught her up. Another purr later and she was soon stretched out across the grass, chin tipped up as a frizzy haired boy scratched under it. What a day. What a glorious day. Lots of petting and cuddles, fresh air and a breeze. She could lay there forever, simply soaking up the sun and the love. And perhaps she would have.. except a droplet had fallen down again. Another one followed, then another. It didn’t take long for the group to split up and her to be scooped up, as everyone ran to find cover.
My Favorite Lasagna (page 137)
I see red when Tina's asked this question because I know how it feels to ponder it, to try to look "inward" when the answer is outward. It's not always within ourselves to find these answers, but sometimes, it's really about someone else.
Maxine Miller ... Lesley McKane
Here it is, PeaTalk:
As both Mr B-in-B and I are writers, it was always much of a given that we’d write our own vows. However, as both Mr B-in-B and I are writers, there’s a whole lot of pressure for them to be good.
My life is back now. It’s not perfect, but it is probably the best it has been in years. Some days, I even feel like I have it all. So this year, when baseball season was coming back, I made the conscious decision to throw my weight back into my Mariner’s. Everyone predicted that they would be horrible this year…again. But I didn’t care. I downloaded some necessary apps to my phone, started following some key M’s blogs, and I started watching the games whenever I had a free night.
So, say a little prayer for us tomorrow afternoon. I know I will need it!
Dear Father, thank You for surrounding me with godly friends who inspire Your love in me, and provoke me to good works. I ask that You direct my path in such a way that every relationship I keep will be with those whom you’ve ordained to impact positively on my destiny in You, in Jesus Christ Name! Amen!
Speaking outside court, Mr O'Dwyer is also quoted in the Telegraph as having 'faith in the High Court in making the right decision' and (perhaps unhelpfully) adding that he did not regret starting the website because it had 'helped him no end' with his studies.
Football with an old can.
But she knew it wasn’t the city so much as the energy of the place. Ten million people crammed into jam-packed streets, everyone trying to get somewhere, all of them convinced that their particular mission trumped everyone else’s. If her driver worked in another city, say St. Louis or Abilene, she felt certain he’d be far less disagreeable. Audrey, on the other hand, just wanted to survive long enough in New York to catch the tail of her dream.
Overall, this cake definitely will take some tweaking from me to get it right! But it’s definitely a keeper and I’m thrilled that I had a opportunity to make it. And this praise is coming from someone who was not thrilled at having to make buttercream, so you know this sh_t is the tight!!!
We will be working with Adrienne this summer on her math skills. So hopefully she won't be behind at all by the time she starts 2nd grade. Whoah! My sweet baby girl is going to be in 2nd grade. Where did that time go?
I am in love with this 'carnival' fabric by Christopher Farr pictured in the foreground. This is just the kind of fabric one needs to jazz up a currently mundane living room and bring it (or me) back to life.
In order for us to continue this blog we are going to need contributors. We therefore give you the opportunity to send us your articles for publication, on the only Crown Heights Blog.
For example, the girls spent the weekend organizing all the earrings I had taken off when I discovered at my desk that the jangling was distracting me when writing and so tucked them in a little corner “out of the way”.
The desire locked inside was not seen by anyone.
year milestone and once again, we could
Finishing Screnzy feels weird. I feel just as weird as I did after finishing NaNoWriMo: I’ve spent about a month working on something and then it’s just- done. Alright, not completely done, because I plan to edit it. I keep feeling like I really need to work on it, as if I haven’t yet met my page-count goal by the required date. But I have. I just did.
Its me (Hazel) who is the hostess this week.
Poor Chris. After his hard work on the guest bath remodel, all he wants to do is sit on the couch and play video games. But he married me and I always seem to have plans to keep him busy. This weekend it was to help me rearrange the furniture in our bedroom.
Looking at the other bakes, I think I did something wrong, since my fruit and nuts sank to the bottom (which is the top of the cake) but who cares? They were there and they filled their requirement. This
There is a part of me that wants to insist to be treated like another friend. Like one of the guys. But maybe that's why it hasn't worked, because at the end of the day I make a pretty awesome woman.
centre of lid & under the brow
I gave up beer, for a short time. I went days without a beer and even started working out. That didn't last long. After some encouraging words of advice from my beer buddies, Michael and the Beer Buddah, I started up again.
(Thanks to Peter Harrison for this post!)
The Advantage of Cordless Phones
Then there were the police officers we charmed out of giving us a ticket and convinced to take our picture in the backseat, behind the bars (they said they couldn't handcuff us even if it were for pretend lol). There was an epic kidnapping scheme involving a stuffed animal. We had shopping car races in parking lots, went swinging at the parks at two a.m. We camped out in our cars after concerts, spent New Years in New Orleans, and of course there was the epic Mud Fest of 1999 that involved rain and a massive mound of construction dirt.
I might as well go insane if this goes on
The Bar has major advantages in terms of quality and cost. Barristers have a great opportunity because they are both specialised in advocacy and advice, and often in particular areas of law. At the same time, because of chambers’ significantly lower overheads, barristers’ services are considerably cheaper than those of solicitors. ‘There is also an excellent opportunity for clients and consumers to benefit from the expert services of the Bar in different ways and at less cost. This will provide an important response to the recent review of costs in civil justice, by Lord Justice Jackson, which warned of the need to reduce the cost of going to court.’
One choice I made was to eat as much organic food as possible. Another was to avoid processed foods as much as possible. Nothing off the deep end here. Just goals … and determination … to eat and drink better quality food. I’m not here to sell this approach to you. If you look at Gatorade and you think that looks like a good idea to put into your body, that’s okee dokee smokee with me.
The following are essential to the development of literacy, information literacy, teaching, learning and culture and are core school library services:
The GDP for the USA in 2010 was $15.2 trillion.
* Finals - inserted 1:32
#3: I had to be honest with myself about just how many glass vases, hurricanes, platters, etc I needed. The answer, as it turns out, is about 1/4 as many as I had. 3 trips to Goodwill remedied that issue.
Wontons
I smoke.
geocaching
Crowns (red)
In Dean Koontz’s revisioning of the story, Victor was incapable of repentance, being an egomaniac with delusions of grandeur.
BLITZER: A quick rebuttal from Speaker Gingrich and then Governor Romney.
Last week, I wrote that as our lives become more text based, we in turn become increasingly less human. I want to expand on that thought by focusing on the idea of the word itself.
Before I wear the crown so I won't forget
Steve said, “You know where she is? Ethan, she may be a help to us.”
Joe quickly made the beautiful Great Pyrenees sit in front of me. I bent down, wrapped my arms around it’s large neck, and buried my face in it’s damp fur. I could hear it whimpering wanting to be released from the command to sit. Joe smiled and I was nearly knocked down as the muddy paws came up to my chest. I grabbed at it’s fur and said, “Ah, you’re a good baby!” Joe grabbed my wrists dragging me and said, “But, you’re not.” He dragged me across the room to a bedroom door with me struggling against him. When he stopped I said, “Why, because I won’t be your beck and call girl?”
Brazilian Lea T. was born Leandro Cerezo in 1981, but that didn’t stop her from becoming one of the most famous transsexual fashion models in the industry today. Lea has been called the muse of high fashion design house Givenchy.
Lastly, my copies of the PIG HEART TRANSPLANT/JUHYO - Split 7" showed up today. Beatiful layout, very excited about checking that out.
I didn't wear a white dress and he didn't wear a suit.
Other Products used was CTMH ink, stamp, cardstock, ribbon and shape for card was cut with my cricut. The Butterfly is one that I got from Lisa G., Small little roses both pink and green, also the other little flower and spray are all Sd's. How about some close ups?
I have to admit when I received The Drain Claw for review I was skeptical. It just appeared to be too simple- as in so simple it wouldn't work. However my husband grabbed it and was immediately fascinated. Being a handy man type of guy he is much more aware of tools, gadgets and how they work. He was actually excited by it. So excited it disappeared from my grasp because he ran off to use it.
So, I thought it would be pretty funny to put these subjects into a picture book. And based on my Mom's reaction when she opened it...well, I couldn't have asked for better. I figured I'd put it out for sale in hopes to get many others to have the same reaction. I hope they think it's funny too.
Fans can also get special VIP packages that will include amazing seats, VIP pre-show parties, autographed memorabilia and exclusive merchandise. Check www.ticketmaster.com for more information about ticketing and VIP package offers.
Bringing me a sweet fragrance
So again we have the ‘universal church’ showing just how holy and spiritual the Christian religion really is. Apologists for the Church say it’s not the church, but the humans involved. However it has been proven that this crap is known by all members of the organization all the way up to the Pope and they all try to wiggle out from under any responsibility, and hide it as much as possible. This Church is evil from top to bottom (talking church executives, priests, bishops, etc…not congregations) and why any moral and righteous citizen would want to listen to or join with these evil people is beyond me.
These quickly morphing GIF’s are completely captivating in their fast and fluid transition between images. Especially striking are the examples which follow a common theme, like famous paintings or iconic celebrities, morphing between many visually similar images. Micaël Reynaud of Montpellier, France, has been creating the animations in his spare time and has a treasure trove of well made examples over at his Google Plus account. You can also find him on Twitter.
Tom Ognibene on the $750,000 that got John Haggerty indicted: “John got this money funneled to him. That’s why there was no complaint filed. He never took a penny. He could’ve been making hundreds of thousands of dollars. This was John’s bonus.”
The answer to this is the ‘Delayed Foot’ walk. This is where, as the person arriving at 90 degrees steps in front of you, your leading foot hovers for a split second before continuing it’s journey into the space recently occupied by your fellow commuter. This action avoids the alternative which is the Tap Tackle, as practiced on the rugby field (legally) and the football field (illegally).
Also, LAST CALL on our 100 follower GIVEAWAY! Do you like funny T-shirts? Do you like Pride and Prejudice?! Click here and comment to enter! Contest closes tommorrow (Friday) at midnight.
More importantly, Booker concludes, it should focus our attention once again on the fact that we are still being presented with by far the biggest bill in history, to counter a threat that never actually existed.
In short, instead of stating what cannot be believed concerning the Gospel accounts, skeptics would do well to concentrate on what they admit to be known about the texts.
It is no secret that our eating habits change as the school week ends and the weekend begins. A 2003 study funded by the USDA found that the consumption of fat, calories, and alcohol is, on average, higher Friday through Sunday than during the week. Weekdays are structured while our weekend schedules are more variable, changing the timing of our meals. Weekends often include social engagements–such as pizza night or creamees at the waterfront–that dictate our food choices.
And I think that's about it for now. I'm going to try to get caught up on blogs this weekend. My schedule is just all out of whack and it seems now I get to sit down on the weekend and read and that's it. So lame. Have a great weekend everybody - and have great races for all of you that are getting ready to toe the line!
You have taken my savior away
I had 27 minutes to spare tonight so I watched this video.
- WRAG’s Katy Moore shared this interesting report from nonprofit consulting firm FSG and Grantmakers in Health that looks at “the untapped potential for community-based funders to transform the cost and quality of healthcare in the United States.”
6001 Rathbone Dr.
A First Edition deluxe size Optimus Prime is available in a special Matrix of Leadership box. This was released for the 2011 SDCC. Another deluxe Prime comes in an Entertainment Pack with Megatron, the kids from the cartoon and a DVD. Unfortunately, I don’t think this was ever mass released. The Cyberverse Commander Optimus Prime is a nice little toy. Its truck and robot modes are very good for that size toy. It has cartoon accurate dual guns, though oversized and clear blue. The mini DVD that it comes with contains the episode “Masters and students”, the same episode all the other Cyberverse Commanders come with. But it is a good episode.
Anyway I figured it out eventually, and have forever had a special place in my heart for textile design. Sometimes, when I need a bit of inspiration, I like to stroll through the pages of illustrators who have pages devoted to their beautiful designs.
Doesn't even look like the same thing huh? Look how nice it looks in my kitchen holding popcorn kernals!
For beauty, for love, for something up above, and now mercy is on my lips and
Each season of the year.
Now you're probably thinking, What vintage pattern contest? Friends, I'm not a competitive person. But Cathy was so happy with her coat -- which I just happened to complete on the final day of contest submissions -- that she insisted we enter it. When it comes to self-promotion, my cousin has the instincts of Jayne Mansfield.
My paper was a six column weekly, with a small Roman letter head, my motto, “Speak unto the children of Israel that they go forward,” the names of my candidates at the head of the editorial column and the platform inserted as standing matter. It was quite an insignificant looking sheet, but no sooner did the American eagle catch sight of it, than he swooned and fell off his perch. Democratic roosters straightened out their necks and ran screaming with terror. Whig coons scampered up trees and barked furiously. The world was falling and every one had “heard it, saw it, and felt it.”
(don't give up, there is a point to all this rambling)
"Spend everyday casual, but industrious; Every moment alert, but relaxed."
–While the good deeds that we do may have some functional value in the temporal world we live in they will never be enough to save us. When the logic of Jesus’ statement really becomes clear we understand that doing good deeds alone does not change the spiritual status of a person one bit.
They’re probably doing some upgrade that blocks even more websites.
General Secretary, is an attempt to
So I stopped thinking. I ran across a field. I knew I had three more to cross before I reached the outside of town.
But it felt right
I went into defensive mode -- scooping up our little pet, whom just about any other dog could bite in half like a McNugget -- a concern of which she is blissfully unaware. She squirmed in my arms to get down and barked at the shadow in the dark.
2) The Rule, because it was playing all the best 80s/90s music. Though I really don’t understand why all bars don’t play Skee Lo all the time.
I do not want to watch a snuff film. Even if it features a famous politician.
And then the lists. THE Lists. The LISTS! To-do. To-bake. To-give. To-send. And, like most kids, To-get. You know, THE big WISH LIST!?
I’ll be honest, while I had a terrible relationship and experiences with my ado-mom, I kind of felt abandoned. When I had my kids during my teens, I didn’t have a loving mom by my side to help me and guide me on my new journey into motherhood. I didn’t have a role model. I didn’t feel loved, I felt lonely…abandoned maybe.
Western Oregon University is hosting the University of Washington Canadian Fulbright fellow, Claudio Aporta, on Wednesday, April 11. His presentation, free and open to the public, will be held at noon in the Willamette Room of Werner University Center. Aporta’s talk is titled “Trails and Their Role in the Construction of the Inuit pan-Arctic Identities.” This event is sponsored by WOU’s Canadian Studies program, with the assistance of the Government of Canada/avec l’appui du gouvernement du Canada.
Happy Friday Friends, Oh how I love Fridays. Do you like Fridays? Tomorrow Tom will be home. We will go to the Farmers Market. I love to go there. I wish it was bigger then it is but it is better then no farmers market at all!!! I see these big beautiful markets on TV and I drool!!!! I love eating healthy!! It is more work but oh so worth it!!!!!
The theme for The Summit this first time out is PANORAMA. Let’s link arms (and brains and hearts!) as we pause to grasp a big-picture view of youth ministry present and future.
After an intensive but fruitful week with three Pulitzer Prize worthy books, below summarizes my verdict. (Click here for my previous post about this reading challenge)
One: You will be able to do many great things, but only if you allow yourself to be held in someone’s hand.
We will miss the quaddies and little Annie so much (Mike and Amber too)! We hope to "experience" them again soon!
I dare not ask why. He will let me know — or not. He will let me grow – oh yes.
Like picking up the feathers.
It’s Just One Bullet (10)
and, use is at the sole discretion of the owner/participant. The rider
The shame is in lying about it or deceiving your partners around it.
Democrats are so quick to qualify any comments they make about politics, by stating that both Democrats and Republicans are to blame for the ineffectiveness of government, and especially of Congress. While I think it’s important to recognize how poisonous money to both Democrats and Republicans has been to our political process, when we’re looking at actual legislating, it’s naïve or just completely disingenuous not to recognize that Republicans are holding up the process.
This was another gem I snagged for a steal and was left breathless. Utilizing the story within a story tactic, this one takes it a step further and adds another story within the first two. Following? It's a twisty, turny, spiral through mystery and darkness with an ending that left me with my jaw on the floor.
* Overtaking the lead car under grip conditions automatically forfeits that pass.
Joel concludes on a modestly positive note:
Before you download Securimage there are some prerequisites to consider. You must have PHP installed with the GD option. The GD library is used for image manipulation. If you installed WAMP as I recommended, GD is automatically available. Everything else you will need in this session will come from Securimage. Okay, next we download Securimage from here – http://www.phpcaptcha.org/download/.
The Bagman is one Frank "Mac" McCullough, a one-time courier and thug for a crime family during the First Great Depression. At an early age Mac's life took a major turn when he became an orphan, spent time in a reformatory, and then later got involved in the rackets. But he's always had a core of decency and honesty buried in his heart. So when he chooses to help and old family friend who got in hock to the Mob, Mac turns his back on crime and his Boss, Slots Lurie, and suddenly finds himself taking another turn on the road of life. In a last-minute decision to conceal his identity from the wiseguys he's hunting, Mac dons a paper bag over his head, and soon he's known as the mysterious Bagman. (Later he acquires a mask more appropriate to being a man of mystery, crime-fighting avenger.) And then, in the first part of this origin story, he becomes a fugitive wanted by both the Mob and the police.
I am not even kidding you. Every stinkin' bit of plumbing-related equipment in our house is having issues. It's lots of fun. Especially for the checkbook. And occasionally the plunger. To put it in perspective - take your mortgage, multiply it by three, and you'll get an idea of how much richer our local plumber is. Oy.
“Nellu, there’s a mosquito in our net,” I whispered loudly “Do you want some more DEET.”
Sometimes up.
I love her more than I thought I could love an “in law”. She and Rebecca are my sisters and I’m so grateful for them.
Instead, he glanced at Taslin, settling his explanation into careful order. Then, without breaking stride, he said, "Dora's first tease implied I might be attracted to you, Taslin." He turned his face back to the path as he stumbled over the Gift-Giver's name.
Help, the Beatles
Morgen: Do you? Wow. I struggle to concentrate with too much going on, although I do blot it out eventually. Classical music is as ‘noisy’ as it gets for me. What point of view do you find most to your liking: first person or third person?
I used White Hammer Card to matt and layer my image and sentiment to add yet more texture, and I’m really happy with the finished effect. :0)
We hope to bring attention to our cause to put pressure on the Kuala Lumpur Mayor to stop this hill slope project which will destroy the environment of the area.
Debby
I would also like to try their new year-round release, Kellerweis Hefeweizen. The Sierra Nevada PR group says about it, "Several years ago, the brewers began working with a unique Bavarian hefeweizen yeast strain unknown in this country. This amazingly flavorful yeast was so exciting that they began working on a recipe for a traditional German hefeweizen with the Sierra Nevada twist."
In a small bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, and salt. Set aside. In a large bowl, on med speed of an electric mixer, cream the butter until smooth. Add the sugar gradually and beat until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition.
'Can we order some coffees?' Note the absence of any polite P word.
What’s worse is that Ray-Ray types stay emboldened by some perverse sense of respect that they claim to be protecting when terrorizing folks’ communities and daring the neighbors to speak up about it. But when the damage is done and the dust settles, where is Ray-Ray?
The two individuals had been taking part in a “multiday event to castrate and dock the tails of 1500 lambs,” and were the only two to come down with the infection. Further investigation by the Wyoming Department of Health found this alarming tidbit:
Edited to add that I inherited both a tan Coleman cooler with one unmarked bottle of homebrew, and a hula hoop after everyone left on Saturday. If you'd like to claim either, let me know!
A much needed quality and inspiration in the final third which has benefitted all of his previous clubs, not to mention Scotland on the international stage.
my voice has been gone for the past 8 months, i feel. not literally. but in my soul. it has been a season of surviving. learning. clinging to Jesus. And today these lyrics are on a continual play in my itunes.
It's been busy couple days...I am preparing for the Baltimore regional ... I have several things to show you. but you will need to wait for after the regional, as I will be presenting those there....so .... patience (I am not good with patience)....anyway....
Alecina B. White, born in New York City, published a poetry collection called Little Folk Songs over 100 years ago. It included a short poem about squirrels which has been reprinted many times over the years, often without receiving proper author credit. Susan Luri, author and editor of R.L. Stine's best-selling Goosebumps series, wrote additional verses to White’s poem to create this charming story.
I got to kiss the dolphin.
Maybe you haven't watched mecha anime, its a niche where the writers of newer robot shows grew up on beloved classic robot shows and inject their writing with homages to those classics. Gurren Lagann is the best example of that, an enjoyable stand-alone show made better by tons of homages to Getter Robo and many Gainax anime. While younger fans enjoyed it for the show itself, older fans found a deeper enjoyment in all the references. Before calling out a rip off, consider the context. (ex: Scales' back story flashback to his origin is an homage to Killer Croc's original origin (before he got re-written a bunch), brought to life in a fun way. "No cake for you!")
If we sigh with relief because we’re not personally oppressing anyone, we’re missing the point.
We also still have to do our last big shop for snacks, medication, pain relief, first aid kit supplies and any other cream, band aid or paste that is going to make our trip more comfortable.
Tea sweetened with liquid sugar free sweetener
“Because we needed Dianne to demonstrate it,” she said.
Spring 1964
by Chris Ware, 2007-2008
You see, it goes both ways. Women are scrutinized for being too heavy, but they’re also scrutinized for being too thin. I’m proud of all of the “embrace your curves” movements going on out there, but too often those images of beautiful, curvy women are next to images of very thin women with a caption that says something to the effect of ”I’d rather be curvy than look anorexic.” Granted, many of those pictures show a thin woman that looks obviously unhealthy, and I know it’s meant to comment on the pressure women are under to be dangerously thin, but is that actually the message that comes across? To me, it says that you love your body, but … what? “Ew, that skinny girl is gross?”
I was tipped off that the following two articles presumably represent duplicate publication. I fully support the allegation that the 2002 article from the Journal of Pathology represents a case of self-plagiarism.
That means the Kansas farmers could switch some acres to soybeans, which is why the report is an estimate.
Billion dollar organization. Which means about $0.93 per dollar earned,
All of this ridicules health safety nonsense… I have a much better idea, take it all away, all the warnings, the barriers the signs take it all! Those who survive the onslaught of accidents, well done natural selection favours your genes…carry on!
My broken blood runs through your veins
-cumin
should pen and ink reveal me,
While this passage opens with a great deal of frustration over death, it seems to close with a question that expresses a sense of hope … Who will bring man to see what will occur after him … after his death?
What a total honour to get to sing with you guys and hear your AMAZING harmonies on my songs. It made me feel really lucky.
With my stash of white twill fabric I came up with this.
Friend: Why do you have 3 rings?
May we all remember the Silent Pain that many women walk in everyday. The empty cradles or infant graves that they deal with each day. Our world doesn't allow us to walk through life without thorns, and yet we have a Savior that wore the thorns so that we will be perfect, lacking in nothing.
Record – Somers 9-0.
And then I went home, emptyhanded, and had some pizza.
Frustrated by seeing the more superior Williams of Nelson Piquet and Nigel Mansell often get the better of him despite his undoubted talent, Senna was convinced the switch to McLaren would finally give him the success it craved. There he was partnered with the Frenchman Alain Prost, the golden boy of McLaren at the time. Fireworks would explode between the pair, though not initially. The 1988 McLaren Honda was the most dominant car in Grand Prix history, winning 15 of the season’s 16 races. If Jean-Louis Schelesser hadn’t taken Senna out in the closing stages at Monza, it could well have been a clean sweep. Senna won eight races to Prost’s seven – though the ‘Professor’s’ consistency meant he went on to score more championship points. However on a countback system, which the sport used at the time, Senna knew that victory in the 1988 Japanese Grand Prix would be enough for his first championship.
“Most voters agree that marijuana law enforcement should be a low priority. Holton used prosecutorial resources to go after state-approved medical marijuana providers. That’s wasteful and unnecessary. That’s just part of why Dwight’s not right for attorney general.
The plan is lofty, to be sure, but just the detox I need to re-boot my system. On the financial side, I cannot spend any money that isn’t necessary. Basically, that means I can buy groceries and gas but nothing else. No going out to eat, no bar tabs, no movies. On the health side, I am giving up alcohol (GASP!), sugar (BIGGER GASP!), soda, and fried foods, and choosing only whole grains.
We love to do something different for each market we participate in.
Andrea is an assistant pastor’s wife and stay-at-home-mommy in Brooklyn, New York. She is serving the Lord with her husband Ben while they prepare to plant a new church in New York City. Her daughter Elaine is an adorable 2 years old, and Nolan is a rambunctious 9 month old bundle of trouble! Andrea also enjoys blogging at Random Issues, Polished Palaces, and Doable Diapers. She is a recovering Pinterest addict, loves snow storms, walks in the park, Starbucks, a good read, playing the piano, and anything paper-crafting.
129 Ah, think at least thy flock deserves thy care,
Our hotel had a zoo shuttle that dropped you off and came back in 7 hours. I had planned to do 2 days at the zoo, but after 7 hours, we actually did pretty much the whole thing. We might have missed the reptile house and maybe one other thing, but nothing worth coming back a second day. Good day at the zoo!
Papers: Papertrey Ink's White, Tan cardstock, Green Cardstock, Georgia Pacific White, DP by My Mind's Eye and MemoriesComplete
There are links to videos, like "Ethnic Studies in Arizona" on the PBS site. I encourage you to set aside ten minutes today to watch the video and then head over to the No History is Illegal website. Download the curriculum and start learning about the program. There's a lot to learn, and a lot to choose from if you only have an hour to give to supporting the program.
It’s been a long time since we’ve had them. Probably since last July, when we were camping, before leaving to India. And again last night, we had some with our friend’s new fire pit.
Pretty much every swatch I've ever seen from Depend has been a very "me" polish. If I ever go to a county that carries Depend, I'll probably buy one of everything. Why do mini polishes make me feel like having all of them is justifiable? (I'm looking at you, Essence.)
But if, baby, I’m the bottom you’re the top!
Many people seem to mistakenly believe that our judges are simply out-of-touch, semi-senile old people. However, there are clearly far more sinister forces at work here. Judges who make political comments counter to our traditional British values are showing that they have a subversive agenda which is clearly not in the interests of the majority. The judiciary are supposed to be independent from Parliament but some of them have shown themselves to be highly politicised with a clear anti- British agenda. This cannot be tolerated any longer. They have forfeited their right to be judges, in my opinion. During the Nuremberg trials the German judiciary who had enacted Nazi laws were prosecuted and in some cases executed for their crimes. Others were given very long prison sentences. In June 2000, Sir David Calvert-Smith, former head of the Crown Prosecution Service, but now a judge, described nearly all white people as racist. He was head of the CPS from 1988 till 3rd November 2003 and is heavily responsible for turning the police into a totalitarian force policing opinions instead of crime. In 2005 he led an inquiry for the Commission for Racial Equality into how the police forces of England and Wales dealt with racism within their ranks. At a press conference Calvert-Smith said they would not be investigating “racism” because it was a “given.”
His surgery is scheduled for next Wednesday.
Discard, release and F L O W...
There is one depressing proclamation in answer to this question which is tempting to subscribe to; it was crushed under the merciless wheel of capitalism. Looking back, we can see that 2011 was a considerable turning point in international politics. Social movements seemed set to change the World. The Arab Spring might have been the biggest influence and catalyst for ‘Occupy’, but of course the two are fundamentally different in more ways we might know.
Yummy food you make: Russian Fudge
There really wasn't anything more to say after that so we just looked at each other.
The dad came back. "Thank you for watching him," he said. "No problem," I said. I wondered if he had just taken his little son on a drug run.
Then, we wish a Merry Little Christmas, and a Happy New Year to all.
I mean, how do you say no to this?
Keeping mum has been the standard police line on the Bersih 3.0 rally, which is a huge contrast to the Bersih 2.0 protest.
However we follow the printed directions of sex
But so worth it!
S5-089 Home Sweet Home
Now, I don’t agree with that particular angle, but it brings up a certain point. Many women who train super hard, who attain that level of body fat, begin to stop menstruating. This means that their body does not have enough “stuff” to maintain all their functions, so their reproductive organs stop first.
Following the moon night after night I am amazed by how many different ways it can look in the sky. Yet when I stop to watch it for a while, or for an hour or more, on any one night – wow, how still and present it looks in that moment, as if it is quite capable of holding that one long extended note endlessly. With ease such solid and timeless presence, the moon.
“Our goal is to destroy al-Qaida, and we are on a path to do exactly that,” he said. “Afghans want to fully assert their sovereignty and build a lasting peace. That requires a clear timeline to wind down the war.”
"Oh look! there's my friend, Valorie"!
Anyways, after the hunt, I tried once more for a shot of the kiddos together. It was another highly successful attempt as seen here….
The fabulous designers are
Calvinism also maintains that because of our fallen nature we are born again not by our own will but God’s will (John 1:12-13); God grants that we believe (Phil. 1:29); faith is the work of God (John 6:28-29); God appoints people to believe (Acts 13:48); and God predestines (Eph. 1:1-11; Rom. 8:29; 9:9-23).
I have asked lots of people if they have read it and it seems the answer is actually no and those who have tend to be men, in all honesty I’d say it is much more of a male book then a female book unless you are into Freudian psychology.
You'd make little Gordon Matta-Clark-esque incisions throughout the city – taking out whole floors and elevator shafts – cutting away at every building, one executive office suite at a time, till each building begins to tilt, warp, or list... at which point you'd stop, take a photograph, calculate something, then submit the image to a mathematics journal, thus winning the next Fields Medal for Applied Mathematics.
in the convenience of your own home.
Rewind to the start
1/2 tsp vanilla essence
However, little does Fanny know that his heart still belongs to her. . .
Luke 3:21-22
A writer sits down, scribbles a few words that become the basis for a novel. Later that may become a screenplay with actors and sets and props and before you know it, legions of fans believe the reality of the movie to be more compelling than their own workaday lives...
Anyway, these ads for the "Strange Change" model kits from the early 70's were something I had forgotten about completely. It must have been well over 30 years since I saw these ads and thought about them! Or course, I never owned one of the kits; if you've read this blog much you know I kept my collecting to things like books, magazines and comics that could fit flat in a drawer, for easy hiding and quick packing. But that didn't keep me from reading and wishing!
We found out, by the way, that the film was called “Closed”, but that’s the only information we gleaned about it… IMDb told us nothing, and we didn’t see anyone famous…
Some are halfway between the two, with a sort of hint of pitch, like the sound of the wind.
I think the combination of the good recipe, the addition of sour cream to make it extra soft and me watching the oven like a hawk proved to be the best batch of my life. No joke.
To me at least I believe that CLAMP is one if not the only legendary producers of anime manga and anime series that actually do justice to both!
14-Third Degree
lagt er en oed boek van de wörms half opgevreten
Recently, the NUJP-Bulacan conducted a series of seminar for student journalists from different universities within the province. With the theme “End Impunity, Defend Press Freedom”, the said seminar commemorates the infamous Maguindanao Massacre, condemning the culture of impunity within the country.
Obviously this can be taken as coincidence, miraculous intervention, or just plain dumb luck, but I will give you an example.
for new home buyers. So stop mulling over that spring fix-up and get
Hi there! To all of you who celebrated, I hope you had a wonderful Christmas :) I received some AMAZING news yesterday that I would love to share with you ... PLEASE click HERE for COMPLETE details :) and PLEASE feel free to share your thoughts :)
See you soon, Hayley xxxx
This pack has 2 each of great Sam Adams brews: Boston Lager, Black Lager, Irish Red, Dunkelweizen, Octoberfest, and Harvest Pumpkin Ale. My stand out favorite was the Harvest Pumpkin Ale.
If I don't see through my window,
They spent their lunch together in the Park, a beautiful area, full of greenery and flowers. A large number of people were eating there, sitting in the grass or on nearby benches, making small-talk over the sounds of birds. Laughter and music filtered out from the door of a pub across the way. Bees buzzed around as they ate their sausages on the grass, dripping with grease and generally making a mess of things, such as dresses and dolls who got in the drip line.
The world narrowed to a tunnel around the koldun’s face. The last thing Stolik saw were the corpses of his fallen men, rising up from the earth.
While I take all your jewels.
I thought I would make her this cute little card and mini album I made with the Yourstory mini.
The cross is so common in our culture that most people don’t think twice when they see one on a church. But unfortunately, familiarity with the symbol can actually get in the way of understanding what it truly means. Let’s consider how Jesus became the bearer of our sin.
A little bit more about Wildflower Linen....
“MRU” is a pretty technical term for such a simple concept. Some people call it Action/Reaction. Same thing. Boiled down, the writers’ purpose is to give the reader a Powerful Emotional Experience. The best way to do this is to make sure everything happens in order. Rapunzel can’t let her hair out the window before the prince calls for her. The airplane can’t fall out of the sky before the pilot shoots it down. That would be taking away the readers ability to Experience your writing! To fix these you need to break them apart into paragraphs. A Motivation paragraph where Rapunzel lets her hair out the window, and a Reaction paragraph where the prince climbs up.
The nineteenth century dislike of romanticism is the rage of Caliban not seeing his own face in a glass.
Observing and reacting. Not hunting.
“It hurt me very bad, but finally it went out, and I felt like heavy chains had been lifted off me. I haven’t felt this good in a really long time.”
And you just a dozen years more.
3/10=Garbage!!
So, had to tell him he is right, but there is a tweak to what the sign meant. He did not get what alcohol was or the effects. I had to induce that wisdom which made me think…how much do we say? What do we say? I guess now I must dread the birds & bees talk!! Or am I hitting the panic button a bit too early?!
A: Atty. Ferdinand Topacio
In a report from Wunderground, some snow totals from today as of 7pm were: 10<U+2033> in Newfield, NY; 13.6<U+2033> in Laurel Summit, PA; 11<U+2033> in Sylvania, PA; 5<U+2033> in Aurora, WV; and 5<U+2033> in Keysers Ridge, MD.
The years passed by, and despite remembering the wolverine episode in great detail, I never could recall the name of the series itself, and whenever memories of the episode periodically came to mind I always promised myself that I'd pursue this intriguing little mystery, but somehow I never did. Eventually, even the wolverine episode faded in my recollection until it became little more than a hazy, half-forgotten dream. And although I would often flick through books on vintage television, I never obtained any clues as to its series' identity.
In the next few weeks, I will sign up for my first official beer class. I want to learn as much as I can, as fast as I can. Homebrewing has been all the education some people have ever needed. But that's not me. I want more. I want to know it all. I'm sure that will never happen, but I can try can't I?
She’s a little homesick from time to time too. Yesterday she talked about how she missed biting into the apple. They have apple juice and apple treats here but it’s not the same. Fresh fruit has a different smell or texture. I’m sure they have some around here somewhere, how else do they make stuff taste like apples?
Publishing – what is with all the bitching and fighting? Can’t we all get along? It isn’t about size, or how we present our words, it’s about words. Digital or traditional, words are simply our tools. My words are my tool. As you are reading this, it’s like I am putting my tool inside you. My book is my tool. I want to put my tool in as many people as possible. I want you to tell people about me. I guess what I am saying is I want to be in your mouth. Okay, I agree, mine may biggest or thickest tool. But my tool has satisfied many people. I have had people say “Oh it was good, I loved it” I have then had their mothers begging to have my tool in them too. But, it’s okay, I don’t mind if you want to get your teeth into someone else’s more meaty tool, I’m happy to share. I do believe everyone has a book inside them. While I had mine surgically removed, I still love books, they touch that inner child we have inside all of us. Regardless of age, we all have that inner child. So lets stop arguing about what to love, and enjoy love. The love of reading. A love of books. Let’s stop fighting and let me put my tool in you and and let me touch your child.
I wrote this Friday but couldn’t post til now.
I might laugh,
A : Yes, by his own admission.
"The Council on Foreign Relations (CFR) is the American Branch of a society which originated in England ... (and) ... believes national boundaries should be obliterated and one-world rule established." - Carroll Quigley, Professor of History Georgetown University, in his book "Tragedy and Hope".
By this time I was exhausted. I hurt, I was hungry, I was pissed. I wanted my daughter out of the birth canal and in my arms.
Boris Johnson – Tories. Mental hair. Current incumbent. Bit of a mental tosser. But he’s not as bad as the fuckwit Ken. I honestly think nobody could be – well, perhaps the Yogic Flying nutters.
I wish everyone had such a place. It’s really just better to turn everything off for a few days. I’m scheduling a few posts (including this one) to go up while I’m gone, but there may be several days without posts. I’m not entirely sure when I’ll be back. Enjoy your weekend!
Do not visit your partner at his place of work or call him during office hours. True love means if you did not ask in the morning, then wait until he comes home. Tell him how tired he is after working so hard, massage his feet, feed him and only when his tummy is extended from overeating can you make your demands.
1 candle
Peace, friends.
The San Francisco Chronicle is posting voicemails from readers in podcast form. Check out this example from a caller who is angry about the way the paper describes drone aircraft. He wants to know why the “sub-editors” aren’t doing a better job.
a hundred or more of them flying, blowing in
HE WILL PUT THEM OUT.
My name is called out in the silence, even though the market is not silent at all. The world is polluted with noise but my heart remains dead to the world. The clanking of sestertius’ being exchanged in the market stalls clink to the beat of my thundering heart that is furiously pounding away. I recognize that voice.
It often comes as a surprise visitors that the quaint Victorian town of Eureka Springs, Arkansas, hosts more weddings per capita than any city in the United States.
These are or were at some point...some of my favorite things:
I’ve spent so much time learning to spread my wings and trust them to keep me in flight that I’ve forgotten what it’s like to have them clipped. Now that I have experienced freedom and have begun to live into my gifts and calling, I can’t go back to the way things were. I can’t go back to being satisfied with being in the background, watching and listening as the men lead, accepting their leadership without question, following well.
The photo above is the view I had in front of me through my office door at Science Park. Susie working, smiling and always ready to help a Norwegian in his challenges of being HR Director for DNV in Asia Pacific. Well done Susie, and a pity that your career in DNV became limited.
By Palash R. Ghosh: Subscribe to Palash’s RSS feed The Foreign Minister of Singapore has warned the US against the rising tide of anti-Chinese rhetoric coming out of Washington DC, ahead of a visit to the US by Chinese Vice President Xi Jinping’s next …
Congratulations to this years nominees for the Academy Award® for Art Direction. This award is given to both the Production Designers and the Set Decorator who work hand in hand to create the built-world that's surrounds and helps define the characters in the movie. As we learned from our discussion with set decorator Beth Rubino (Something's Gotta Give & It's Complicated) on The Skirted Roundtable, set decoration is more than just pretty rooms, although we sure do love the pretty rooms!
A winter snow scene painting
It’s just strange to laugh at the sheet for it’s asking questions she mastered long ago, when I have been often known to laugh at them with Braska because she’s not anywhere near some of the things it’s asking.
* A written part in A Tale of Two Goblins
at least a piece of Gil was there,
I am not suicidal.
4-5 Parboiled potato cut into long fingers
I just couldn't resist.
Note: I am aware that these are fairly pedestrian choices. But what was it Woody Allen said about banging his stepdaughter? "The heart wants what it wants." (Coincidentally, I also have sex with teenagers!)
The Commission submitted its report and recommendation, dated 28 May 2003, recommending the suspension of respondent Atty. Henry Adaza from the practice of law for a period of one (1) year, and that he be ordered to pay to complainant the value of the two unpaid checks he issued to complainant.
What remains to be discovered is how Rumfoord's predictions will come to pass, but even then readers face unsympathetic and purposefully two-dimensional characters. I couldn't connect with Malachi or Rumford or Rumford's ex-wife, because they function on a symbolic level. Malachi endures humiliations and tortures, hand-picked by Rumfoord to be humanity's martyr, punished for his sins. On a symbolical level Malachi represents human decadence and therefore suffers for all of humanity's sins. A sinner Jesus.
And poor handwriting, no matter how brilliant a paper may be, negatively influences the reader. Presentation is a huge part of the equation. Research also supports the conviction that children with better handwriting are also more adept at using proper punctuation, capitalization and grammar.
One of the songs is about the king looking for his ghostly bride Esther- This is what I envisioned and how it was brought to life.
James Murdoch’s chief lobbyist, Frédéric Michel, communications with News Corp reveal Jeremy Hunt’s cosy relationship with the company and a bias in favour of their £8 Billion pound BskyB takeover bid:
Collecting Free Stuff
I have always been an avid buyer of French Baker. I love how they baked their goodies and it’s so delicious! I just had an unlucky experience the last time I bought something from their store.
about little kids who don't have food to eat for dinner.
But, I couldn't stop thinking about it. Once I get an idea in my head, I have to try it or it drives me crazy. We have a small candy and cake supply store in the area, so I gave them a call. They not only had the spray, but they sold it for less than Michael's did. I have never been to that supply store before, but it's been there for years and I've always wanted to check it out. Oh My.....Was I in absolute HEAVEN!!! Anything you could possibly need to make cupcakes, cookies or cakes they had. We're talking an entire wall of cookie cutters - I could spend hours starring at them.....And I probably would have if I didn't have Nathan with me. I have a feeling that the woman who owns the store and I will be on a first name basis very, very soon....hahaha.
4. Why did the Greek boy run away from home?
When my parcel arrived this week I ripped it open and the most stinky fusty smell filled the room. I've washed and washed it, now it's getting the overnight air treatment. I'll have a major sulk if the stink doesn't go and I can't use it. There's lots planned for this sheet - Miss Rosey fancies a dress from it which is pretty brave I think. Smell or no smell.
Fort Walton Beach Florida – Tallahassee Florida
My partner, Ron Wagner, is teaching our Course, Comprehensive Elements of Trading and Investing for Results this next week! This course lays down the blueprint for how you can trade and invest consistently for profits. It’s offered live and online over 2 evenings. Session 1 is on Tuesday, April 10 from 7:30 – 11:00pm EST. Session 2 is on Thursday, April 12 from 7:30 – 11:00pm EST.
We flooded onto the platform and up the first bank of escalators, then a steep staircase where we marched out of the subway pit proper. The soaring expanses of glass and steel amplified the echoed din as an even more massive bank of escalators lifted us to street level, those who rode yielding right to stair climbers who passed on the left, their stomp in a rhythmic cadence as strong as a battalion. Upon landing, I would scoot across the ceramic concourse and through the gleaming lobby of the North Tower. I knew the silken, seconds-long elevator rides, too, when I was working on the 72nd floor of the South Tower in 2000. I was a contractor then, and I also worked on the 32nd floor of the Deutsche Bank Building. I was offered permanent positions at each, but declined both because the fit wasn't right. I look on those career decisions with belated gratitude. I do believe they helped save my life.
To move this confederation through the elucidation’s multiplicity
I hope you guys found yesterday's sourdough post informative. Maybe a few of you even found yourself in the kitchen putting a starter together?? If so, you're in luck, because that means you're only a few days away from having these pancakes in your life, and that's a very good thing! If you happen to already have a sourdough starter in your fridge, no need to wait - you can make these pancakes for your family this weekend! Everyone will be glad you did :)
Urging all to let their guard down..
And what of the Stoke supporters. Like many of their counterparts, they are obsessed with the cult of the manager. Arsène noted of the abuse he received at the match,
There were several books on our longlist that I really rated too - Keren David's When I was Joe (see above), Tamsyn Murray's quirky black comedy My so-called Afterlife and Marie-Louise Jensen's Daughter of Fire and Ice, to name but three.
We didn't talk again. On the final day as goodbyes were being said and final thoughts were being shared, we did have a beautiful and intense moment together that I will treasure for a long time- just as I treasure the talk we did have on that couch in that room when God opened that door.
We have also been through AISD's special education referral process. In February, we went to see the district's audiologist who gave Alex and Elle a good score on their hearing report. Good thing those long-term tubes are working. Elle was referred for speech as well, but didn't qualify since she was labeled "average." Never thought I'd be so happy to have an "average" kid! We went to have a formal evaluation at a place called Kooken which is AISD's early childhood special education center. Elle was great, and was dismissed from their services. Alex was consistent with his testing through my ECI therapy and qualified. I am very excited about this (not the fact that I have a kid who qualifies for these services, but estatic that I have the chance to help my kid who needs these services). He will now have a daily PPCD (Preschool Programs for Children with Disabilities) program from 8:05 to 11:05. He will then be bussed to CLC (Alex and Elle's church preschool). During his daily class he will receive speech. The lady will work with Alex two days a week. Next year, he will be evaluated for OT (Occupation Therapy), PT (Physcial Therapy) and MT (Music Therapy). Made that last one up...not sure if it is MT or just music therapy. Here is the cool part. He gets to start next week. Since the twins are turing 3 on Saturday, he will have the opprotunity to start right after his 3rd birthday. So we get to begin all these wonderful services right away. Yeah!
For the next few months my husband seemed to adopt that 'slapped by a wet fish' look, probably wondering how the hell he had managed to go from having a slim, carefree wife at our wedding in July 1990 to being the parents of twin girls by the following March - lucky guy eh!
Cousar is not so much concerned about the literary structure of Philippians. He seems more concerned about the theology and context of Philippians. He believes the authorship is Pauline, which is the majority view. The probable places of writing are Rome, Caesarea, and Ephesus; he leans toward Ephesus.
Ran to Chat and the base of the 2nd with Joe. Scrambled the 2nd before continuing to the summit and descending Gman-SR-Amphi and running all the way back to Pearl St. The 1010s were fantastic on the scrambling--surprisingly sticky outsole, almost like some approach shoes. Really solid outing but my ankle was a total liability on tech trail and I actually kinda re-rolled it a bit on Greenman which was really not ideal. Totally fine on smooth trail or pavement but I have zero technical descending ability right now with it. Soaked it in the creek afterwards for 10min; yesterday was definitely the worst I've ever rolled an ankle.
We just got back from what I would definitely call the most relaxing vacation I've ever had. I can't remember the last time I'd felt so relaxed. It was easy for us to go because Kaylee is so attached to all of her grandparents and practically pushes us out the door when we drop her off. We knew she'd have a great time with them, and vice versa, so we had no worries about being away.
B. Boat Party
Some scientists have suggested that giant wind farms, comprising hundreds of thousands of turbines, would not only alter the weather but could be used to control it.
Ultimate Pet Resort License is attached
Mission Beach, San Diego
That’s too bad
But, imports from overseas get a tax-free ride, coming into the American market without federal taxes.
Across the room from my painting desk and computer is a shelving unit that houses, among other things, a television, photos, sunglasses, readers, necklaces, items the girls made in school, etc.
in a moment of weakness, i gave into my natural inclination towards cast-on-initis and started a coral and cream triangle loop (because there isn’t enough coral in my life already, i guess?):
Examples of the confusion of Afrikaner intellectuals are easily found. A simple survey of recent publications provides the following examples: In a 17 August 2005 editorial Die Burger states that it is "die ANC vandeesweek 'n spesiale verklaring uitgereik het waarin Afrikaans gelukgewens word met sy 130 jaar van bestaan …". That the ANC is using statements such as these in a cynical attempt to pacify Afrikaners on the language issue has apparently not quite registered with the editors of Die Burger. Nelson Mandela is almost universally revered by Afrikaner commentators. It is indeed true that his personal intervention and charisma avoided a civil war in South Africa, but it is also a fact that the ANC, under his leadership, negotiated a new South African constitution which apparently implies the extinction of Afrikaners and the formation of a "New South African". An honest and frank evaluation would indicate that at best, Nelson Mandela should be regarded with mixed feelings by Afrikaners. Lastly, leaders of the Afrikaner community realize that many skilled Afrikaners are locked out by BEE and AA from the economy, and they have now offered to compile a register of such people. This is a very lame reaction. In a normal situation, the leaders of an ethnic group would have expressed outrage at the discrimination, but then, these are decadent and not normal times.
CyberSkin® is unquestionably the most realistic material on the market. Quickly warming to body temperature and mimicking the elasticity and softness of human flesh, CyberSkin® has the amazing look and feel of real skin. This material in its many shapes and forms is a stunning replication of the human composition.
I'll introduce you to Flower, and wish you happiness until next time.
Let’s view diversity as positive values. Each of us work together to make a balanced community!
She is thrust into a death match.
503 **D-Fall/1950. “Some Thoughts on the Issues Arising in Connection with the Tax Measures of 1798 and 1799, with Some Glances at that Most Mischievous Concept of Progression.” Tax Seminar of Walter Blum and Harry Kalven, Jr., The Law School, The University of Chicago. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(5), above, pp. 240-51.)
“Here. Let me read it to you.”
Empyrean Brewing Co.
4 cups canned low-sodium chicken broth
When you see most blogs, you have to wonder why their “publishers” ever got out of bed to do them. Trivia! Drivel! Published so that their publishers can say they have a blog… rather than to say something timely! Significant! Motivating!
Vanity anthologies are a popular way for unscrupulous companies to make money on writers' hunger for publication. By far the most common vanity anthology scheme is the free contest scheme, in which writers are enticed to enter poems or stories in a competition, and then pressured--though usually not required--to buy the anthologies in which their work appears. I blogged about one of these a while back: Eber & Wein, a company that is allegedly run by a former employee of the granddaddy of all vanity anthology schemes, Poetry.com.
So this weekend I’m sending out good vibes and positive thoughts to New York, where Joey’s going to do what he does best and give it his all. And no matter how they respond or how the other kids seem or how serious the faces of the auditors or where he ends up for the next four years, I’m confident that years from now he’s going to look back at this weekend and smile from the memory of his gumption.
behind-the-scenes work. “He runs off to Rome every two weeks,” says a local priest who worked in the archdiocese’s office and got to know Rigali when both of them were at the Vatican two decades ago. “His work there is more important to him than here—it’s a terrible thing for the parishioners and clergy.” Many observers believe that the Vatican will soon find someone new to run the
Stretching
The French Revolution
Maggie, an Aquarius was always looking to help people in need even if it means that she gets into trouble.
Sounds a trite story, but the shocker is that many Christians are attracted to this spiritually dysfunctional romance and worse, are attempting to give Christian applications to its demonic premise suggesting this be acceptable “Christian” discussion. Some Christian reviewers on Christian Internet sites are using the story to initiate Bible "studies" and discussion on so-called “Christian” principles to be drawn from it. A new “Christianized” twist on demonic deception is invading Christian values!
Though I have to confess to resting and sleeping quite a bit this weekend, I did manage to whip up a couple of super easy and quickly executed projects.
Beasts Of Bourbon
Sling on a Tight Tube Top: You work hard for that body, so show the world what God blessed you with! Ok, so you have not hit the gym in a few weeks – but who cares? You have a natural physique that others will certainly admire at the beach. Well, maybe you don’t work out and you still opted for the second helping of apple strudel ala mode after a delicious Taco Bell dinner…again. Wouldn’t you be more comfortable with less fabric constricting your junk as it hangs out at the beach? Go ahead, you’re sexy dammit. Wear that tube top with a fierce confidence usually reserved for those much younger and sexier than you. Oh, wait, did I say this already?
When they did have a listing with potential, the owner always seemed to be in Paris with the only set of keys. Or caught up in messy divorce proceedings pour le moment. Or at the beach with her children until we-don’t-know-when. Or not quite sure that she wanted to rent after all.
Chrys.: Or otherwise: the Lord proposed this parable to them with this intent, that not understanding it they should give sentence against themselves; as was done by Nathan to David. Again, when they perceived the meaning of the things that had been said against them, they said, “God forbid.”
Somehow, her father had kept from her the news of the loss of the Titanic and to her, in 1915 and 1988, it was still the greatest ship afloat. I was talking to someone who had seen the Titanic, but had no idea it had sunk.
The bisous are serious business. French parents don't just hand out the bisous willy-nilly to everyone at school. You have to earn your school bisous; you have to be part of the inner circle. Well it looks like I finally made it, people. All that saying stupid stuff to the hot people has paid off -- they finally love me.
Moonblood Draws Near, and Soon the Dragons Will Wake
...living arrangement looks something like this:
Here is a list of things that I'm really happy Andy doesn't think are acceptable to wear out of our house (or, when noted with an asterisk, EVER):
Luke 6:36-38 NIV
Gerald! Look! Look! I am invited to a party!
Thank you for showing me what is really important.
I started with winter, which is a bit ironic in that I tend to want to hibernate and not do anything productive at all in winter. To some people winter means snow sports and fun and exhilaration, to me it means dark and cold with lots of blankets and very little activity. So, that is exactly what I drew.
You see to understand the sacredness of time we have to understand the sacredness of Sabbath (Saboath). In the opening poetic lines of Genesis 1, God creates. God works. God makes and speaks. This is a continual pattern– God speaks, day and night, first day….so on and so on.
CRUMBLE remaining bar mixture over jam filling
Riley being the aww shucks Southern woman that she is occasionally treats her clients to something extra special – she gives them marriage advice. Riley is like the Ghost Whisperer if you replace the ghosts with unhappy husbands and the whispering with handjobs and insight. The Client List is a trashy romance novel in television form, and there’s nothing wrong with that because why should the ladies miss out on some escapist fantasy. Despite being one of the most ridiculous shows to come along in a long while (seriously, imagine trying to sell this idea to your friends and co-workers – “Jennifer Love Hewitt is in it and she gives massages… TO SAVE HER FAMILY) The Client List is strangely compelling. There are a lot of bad shows on television but there is no bad TV show quite like this one.
In 1943 the Procurement Division of the United States Army asked Hershey's to develop a heat resistant bar for the troops. Voila, the Hershey's Tropical Chocolate Bar, formulated so the bar can hold its shape after one hour in heat up to 120 degrees Fahrenheit. In True Confections it was noted that Eli was quite jealous of Hershey's military contracts and took particular delight when Kiss production was shut down during the War, because of a shortage of material for the foil wrappers.
2 brief
From the Grimm’s fairy tale of the princess who became a goose girl before she could become queen, Shannon Hale has woven an incredible, original, and magical tale of a girl who must find her own unusual talents before she can lead the people she has made her own. ” – Description from the Official Site of Shannon Hale.
16. Cut & Run, argues that the Welfare State is a clever strategy developed by Big Capital. It is like a State run Truck System.
In terms of ease of carry, battery life and long service, and the price is cheap, the computer is becoming a favorite among journalists. It weighed more than 2 kg with dimensions of 30 x 21.5 x 4.5 cm (12 "x 8.5" x 1.75 "). Also this laptop use by 8 KiB RAM is expandable to 24 KB, and a 3 MHz processor.
Having systems in place, a booth that is well put together, an ad that is well constructed with great copy, a 3 month marketing campaign prior to your event, and the energy to meet and greet your customer is essential.
"Then the wings," she said.
Last night’s sponsors include: Subway, Chili’s, Red Lobster, L’Oreal, Ford, Hotwire, and AT&T.
País: Autralia
E. Stereyeland
To download the files, just click the captions under each photo!
It's been a long time coming, but here, finally, is my collection of the best tracks from Christmas in July 2010. I shared a whole lot of stuff out that year, and here are the very best of all those songs. If you don't find something in here that you like, well, you aren't trying very hard. What's in here? Let's have a look...
1. You there. Yeah, you, with the hip eyewear and the pegged black jeans? No, not you, the other guy. NO, behind him. Yes, YOU.
A ride back to where she started
3. Go home.
Auckland's pride rests on the grave
Now I knew before I arrived in the Netherlands that this day was a big deal as a person who had visited UCU before from Exeter had gone on about it when we had a meeting with him. So I was already planning on going to Amsterdam this day. Tina was also very keen as she’s been here as long as I have now (nearly a year) and hasn’t visited Amsterdam yet. Hence we could easily kill two birds with one stone on this one. A plan was vaguely coming together a week beforehand. The 29th is also a day to be celebrated, Koninginnenacht, where music plays in the street and everyone grabs a beer and has a good time. So our plan was to go to Utrecht for Koninginnenacht and Amsterdam for Koninginnedag. Crazily though many of the Dutchies did not have a clue what to do on this day. The were many debates between me and Myrte about if it would be best to go to Amsterdam. Even her friends that lived in Amsterdam had no idea! I don’t see how you couldn’t know as even if you haven’t been, which sounds ludicrous, then it must be on the News and things. Crazy.
Says the media too hard on her, and not analytic enough.
The other Mod dogs woofed their agreement and then began to make their way towards the long seaside grass, as they did so, Kelly trotted up bedside Moon and nudged him in the ribs.
Two other staff members appeared, armed with Kathryn’s version of kiddies loot bags. She had tailor made each one to fit. The cries and laughter as they were opened were classic. Dildos, vibrators, lubes, restraints, ticklers – it looked like she had bought out the entire sex shop.
GB, the Glad Game is the best thing you've taught me, and I cannot be more grateful. Thank you.
6) The Spirit of Christ was in the Old Testament prophets and testified beforehand the sufferings of the LORD Jesus Christ, and the glory that should follow. 1 Peter 1:11. In Genesis 3:14-16, BEFORE the Old Testament existed, Christ was to be the Seed of the woman; in Malachi 3, “the LORD Whom ye seek.” In Isaiah 7:14, Christ was to be the LORD AND the Seed of the woman. Fascinating stuff!
08-Phantoms-Don't Be Cruel.mp3
There is no such thing as “green waste” where I live in Nevada County,. Most people take their green waste and turn it into their own mulch. Larger cuttings get thrown into what is called a “burn pile.”
Furthermore, in the same article, USA Truck noted the scarcity of drivers. They reported a “$4.3 million loss; said 10% of its fleet of more than 2,200 trucks don’t have drivers.” Other carriers that have driver-related issues are Heartland Express and Knight Transportation among others.
What really disappointed me was in the third paragraph it said “Richardson stunned football in December when he went public with his faith, celebrating a goal at Wolverhampton Wanderers by revealing a vest which read ‘I belong to Jesus’.” It was the word ‘stunned’ that really took me by surprise, or stunned me if you will.
In the same way, they have hated the irrational, the arbitrary, the accidental (as the causes of immeasurable physical suffering). As a consequence, they negated this element in being-in-itself and conceived it as absolute "rationality" and "purposiveness."
All of the letters got two or three sloppy layers of paint, followed by some dark paint dabbed along the high points and edges -- anywhere you might expect to see some rust on a metal sign letter. Just a bit of glaze to finish things off, and that's it.
On the subject - A seasonal beer in cask form, Badger have taken this ale from very humble beginnings in a tiny brew pub and made it one of the best selling bottled beers in Britain.
And that I don't have to remind myself
II. A Bird’s Eye View of Muslim Crime in Britain
Work is busy. Next week we have a probationers' in service training so that will be a bit of a break.
W. H. Pennell, the teacher of the Young Men’s Bible Class, carefully explained the society and its constitution and led all the young people present in signing the new constitution. Several clauses of the constitution are historically instructive and bear repeating here (For the further details on the foregoing and following points and the constitution itself, see Francis E. Clark. Memories of Many Men in Many Lands: An Autobiography. Boston, MA: United Society of Christian Endeavor, 1922, pp. 77-87):
"Are you an angel?"
Alan Hansen
Even when I feel like no one can relate to me and my struggles... they do.
By the way, the immersion blender is on my wish list!!!
I was headed to the in-store cafe. Every other week the girls and I chatted over food. Today, we’d have something to chat about. His mother lingered at a display in front of the cafe. I only wanted to avoid a scene, and of course being seen. He couldn’t be more than eight-teen. I meandered the various displays, slipping closer and closer. Stealthily, I advanced toward the awaiting gossip. “Hello.” I was not invisible. A disapproving and pleasant grin fluttered from my lips. He glanced briefly down and exhaled relief. My eyes blinked slowly, concealing my rapid pulse. Display socks were nervously caressed between his finger and thumb. His mother Jewishly approached, and I departed into the cafe. He must be fourteen years younger than me. I glanced back briefly, searching for my breath, but only found his gaze.
Howl’s Moving Castle – Sophie – Greek, “wisdom” – More desirable than rubies.
The top two creations are available as ACEO's or as posters. Just convo me through Etsy for pricing.
Examples are:
Sergeant = 4-6 books
All of Hicks’ character voices are perfect too – I have only one tiny quibble with her narration, and that’s her out-of-place nano-second pauses during narration. It’s not enough to be a big deal, just a little jarring. The story is kickass comedy with suspense as only LH does it, and the narration – long a Hard To Find audio, now easily available at Audible – does it Perfect Justice. Woot!
In a small, heatproof bowl, melt butter and chocolate together. Stir with a fork until very smooth. Set aside to cool for a few minutes.
Wrapping things up, Michael gets into a secure government facility with help from Vaughn. He gets in, gets the files regarding the investigation into Hart, and gets out. But in the process another spy, the one whose files Michael downloaded, is arrested and ultimately burned. Uh-oh.
Add mixture to broth. Heat till thickened.
and nobody dies of old age.
Be aware of the possibility of severe weather within 72 hours from the point of frequency injection.
Hyun Joong’s “Axers” school band performance,
Lying naked together
There was a story on page 6 about a member of Congress named Carlos Raffo. I write not so much about why he is in the paper, but the nickname given to him by the paper.
These women believe that all of life’s circumstances are given by God, good ones as well as hard ones. Even Alzheimer’s . They yield to things out of their control. They don’t’ struggle and fight against them, like I do.
This went on a number of times until finally, unbelievably, we were at the end. Everyone was cheering, sweating, huffing and puffing, clapping, yelling, smiling. The energy in the room was probably at it’s highest at this one moment. Everyone was proud of themselves, proud of the person next to them, proud of Shaun.
Irgens LM, Lie RT, Ulstein M, Skeie Jensen T, Skaerven R, Sivertsen F, Reitan JB, Strand F, Egil Skeldestad F. Pregnancy outcome in Norway after Chernobyl. Biomed & Pharmacother 1991; 45: 223-241.
Masculinity seen as the essence of black man.
Thankfully it looks like the shows creators have realised this and quickly pressed the reset button. Straight into episode one, we were in flashback mode. Jackie was in rehab, we got to see how she got there. Eddie fessed up to Kevin about the affair and took a beating, Jackie does not know about this yet (good dramatic beat to save for later). The hospital has been taken over, there is a smart talking new boss in charge, Akalitus has been reduced back to the nurse position, instead of being fired and to work out her last two years, saving her pension.
Ashley Hope Pérez has an enlightening (if you’re inclined toward DIY) post on scanning one’s personal library. Ashley’s moving to Paris, and so like any book lover, her mind turns to these things (hopefully after it has turned to wine and pastries and bistros and museums, etc.).
(I have a T-shirt of this painting)
I do have some cuteness on my phone if I ever get them downloaded - including the video of Hope swimming, as must see!
Puma
4. How to sew.
“Since it’s in the public domain, I don’t see any reason not to provide it,” Brodsky said.
Clayton leaping from log to log, completely out of order thanks to blogger! :p
“Don’t be afraid, you tiny flock! Your Father plans to give you the kingdom. Sell your possessions and give the money away. Get yourselves purses that never grow old, inexhaustible treasure in Heaven, where no thief can ever reach it, or moth ruin it. For wherever your treasure is, you may be certain that your heart will be there too!”
Happy birthday, Mom.
“Never settle for less than the truth,” she told him. But when you don’t even know your real name, the truth gets a little complicated. It can nestle so close to home it’s hard to see. It can even flourish inside a lie. And as Chase Walker discovered, learning the truth about who you are can be as elusive–and as magical–as chasing fireflies on a summer night. A haunting story about fishing, baseball, home cooking, and other matters of life and death.
Fish Girl, who now knows that the Fools are from the past, teaches them to adjust to modern life. Anyway, the episode is ending which means it’s time for a cliffhanger. Because this drama is full of contrivances, Park Ha’s stepmom gets her to help empty out Tae Yong’s room. This means she gets to drag Crown Prince along with her. Which means that somehow, he gets to go into the house and into room and gets shocked when he sees one of Micky’s DBSK posters. Oh noes! Not only is Crown Princess in the modern world, so is he!
The Android App Player is another example of RIM’s strength in innovation. In addition to Bridge, the Android runtime environment is one of the PlayBook’s best strengths to differentiate it from other tablets. An update coming (rumoured to be early summer) will allow multiple Android apps to run at the same time – harnessing the power of the QNX operating system to allow multiple instances of the runtime environment at the same time. If executed correctly, it means that Android apps would behave seamlessly with the BlackBerry apps that are running, creating an even greater user experience.
The story really does play out like a classic horror film; just when you start to relax, another body slams into the wall/crawler bursts through the ceiling etc etc – you catch my drift. This is the novel’s strength but it’s also a weakness.
That is a line from the Woody Allen film, Annie Hall.
Se we have seen about 2 houses so far. Including the one we can't have.
“ Her inspection of the bedroom finished, she walked down the staircase into the coolness of the stone-flagged hallway. A large collection of sun-hats hung on pegs in the entrance hall, bowls were filled with dried lavender and a huge pottery jar was crammed with walking-sticks, some of which had ornate silver handles. By the time she reached the front door of the house, she knew, it had to be hers for the summer. If it had a secret she would do her best to discover it and she was not going to miss the trail across the Mountains of the Moon to what was undoubtedly the greatest small picture in the world.”
Back in March, I had the opportunity to attend the Hearts at Home conference and it was incredibly moving! The founder, Jill Savage, wrote a book called "My Heart's at Home: Becoming the Intentional Mom Your Family Needs" and I picked up a copy. It has been on my nightstand since, but the other night I picked it up. The introduction was so powerful- I had to share.
Onion-1 big (cubed)
I speak here of tactics rather than values. No sane man, viewing the
We learn which Elements counteract
Sam laughed, fighting her way out of their embrace. "I can't breathe." She tried to gather her hair back but soon gave up. Who cared what she'd look like in the photos, anyway. She was going to Xenith, where the best athletes in the world prepared for the Olympics. And Mum would be there.
LOVE FINDS YOU ON CHRISTMAS DAY is a charming addition to the Love Finds You line – I’ve read all the books I could get my hands on so far in this collection and am keeping tabs on what is coming out so I don’t miss a story (I hope). I love Christmas stories and Trish Perry’s books so I was especially looking forward to this novella collection.
People in glass houses…
Unusually large mysterious flying creatures have long been reported from the Lone Star State. Just as is the case in Papua New Guinea, these seemingly inexplicable sightings are sometimes ascribed to pterosaur-like creatures. Others are sometimes called Thunderbirds, an evidently generic term applied to what appear to be huge birds that are otherwise rarely seen. A high percentage of these sightings originate in the southern part of Texas along the Mexican border. Author Ken Gerhard chronicles these kinds of sightings in his
Then I remembered that I still have some unfinished business that I need to take care of. So what better time than today to catch-up on those few things.
10 - Bewitched
Speaking of Bethlehem, starting this May the NEW Historic District Farmer’s Market will begin at the Sun Inn Courtyard, right there downtown (walking distance, hey now!) on Thursdays from 11am-3pm. The Co-op will be around with an information table and helping the vendors if they need it.
Taking care of Polly has brought me into direct and immediate contact with the mysterious world of women. While I thought I was ready for this, it turns out that, much like in rock climbing, there is a distinct difference between visualizing a route and executing the climb. From the ground it can be relatively easy to pick out the series of points one wants to hit, but up on the cliff, getting through those points is never that simple. With each move upward, new details emerge and new options appear, creating questions that challenge and complicate the previously established choices.
These last few weeks of recovery have felt like a roller coaster ride with so many ups and downs and highs and lows, and I'm ready to get off! I've been going to physical therapy and I have definitely improved, but I'm still far from healed. I do have days where I feel really good so I go to Target or the grocery store or the park and the next day I can barely walk, and it sets me back a week. Even standing long enough to cook dinner will cause problems. I guess after this happened over and over, I've finally realized I just have to take it easy whether I feel good or not. It's just difficult because I thought I would be back to normal by now and I'm far from it.
I colored this sweet image with Copic Markers and then I cut it and stick it on the pattened.
McCorvey and Weddington comprise the tale of two pregnant women, one from the elite class, one from poverty. One argues Roe v. Wade and becomes internationally famous, the youngest lawyer to win a Supreme Court case. She writes books, holds elected office, teaches at UT Austin, and now has her own Weddington Center. By contrast, McCorvey earns her keep by traveling the church-chicken-supper circuit, telling people that Weddington used her for her own political and professional ends.
Kelly: Well, I pretty much clearly lied when I told you that you weren’t completely apeshit nuts.
Does magic feature in your other novels of the Archonate, or is that unique to the Hapthorn books?
I was a model child. In the year since I started nursery I was never even scolded. I was quiet and withdrawn and spent a lot of time staring blankly out of windows. I had a wonderful teacher for that first year (of her, some other time) but my best friend Sandra had got her dad to have her transferred to an older group and I made my parents transfer me too so we could be together.
There. It's out in the open.
Celeb to Binbo Taro
Recommended for those looking for an unconventional romance featuring a relationship between an intelligent woman in her thirties and a young man ten years her junior.
I was able to back pack there several times as a college student.. but it isn't really the same when you have no money & are living in a hostel.. :-)
News: Master plan begins to take shape
Third, Smith attempts an educated guess regarding Ratner’s projected profits: $1 billion, according to a reading of Ratner’s nearly-illegible and brief pro-forma cash flow statement filed with the MTA, or $700 million to $1 billion according to “real-estate expert Jeffrey Jackson” (whose firm specializes in appraisals).
Sometimes the way a word looks doesn’t match up with how it sounds. Buses rhymes with fusses and cusses, not fuses. Doesn’t it follow that busses would be the plural? Not so.
unresponsive… The bathtub was
Jupiter is a favorite sight in small telescopes – and to see the four Gallilean moons you really should use a telescope – any telescope. I have a tiny, 50mm “department store” telescope that mounted on an ordinary camera tripod does an excellent job showing the moons of Jupiter. It is possible to see them with binoculars if you have good eyesight and can hold the binoculars really steady – lean against a building, or better yet, mount them on a tripod.
Alright, not sure how a black and tan is going to work out of the same bottle, but here goes.
Suppose some guy you like starts messaging you.
”That’s not a cat!” he huffs and blusters. ”That’s Daisy!”.
Triceps Dips – NO ASSISTANCE
I'm grateful for happy childhood and teen memories, triggered by songs on the "classic hits" stations. The more I know, the more I realize how fortunate I was to have been loved the way I was by my parents.
Interactive Discussion: to buy or not to buy - the value of making and collecting studio ceramics in the 21st century
(1)Full names:
This incarnation refers to one of the many sexual positions to be found in the Kama Sutra. I think it is position number forty-two. I haven’t read this classic sexual “how to” manual in many years so I could be wrong about the number. And yes, your amusing musing is correct. I just looked at the illustrations. And speaking of illustrations, if any of you male readers actually happen to have a penis as freaking large as those in the illustrations of the Kama Sutra, and possibly have it resting in a wheel-barrow in front of you, please e-mail me a picture. While I am happily hetero-sexual, this would come under the heading of “This I’ve got to see!”
As for the oranges, I took them all and zested them using a cheese grater. I then squeezed all the juice, strained it, and reduced it on the stove top on low to thicken it up and hopefully give me a bit of a marmalade type flavor. The zest went into the beer when it was ~120F and found its way into the fermentor. The vanilla and oak will be added once the beer is done fermenting.
Clyde
Our plan is to travel to Haiti with an economic empowerment project. The Haiti Crochet Project plans,
This is how it was last month:
We would always celebrate each deposit by stopping
We live in a technological universe in which we are always communicating. And yet we have sacrificed conversation for mere connection…
Easy Sweet Potato Veggie Burgers with Avocado,
So I had actually completely forgot about making a favourites post for the month of January, until I logged onto YouTube and saw everyone's "favourites" videos... been really busy, so it definitely slipped my mind. Plus, I'm currently distracted by the Grammy's -- which btw, has been a pretty amazing show so far -- I hope Bon Jovi performs "Always"!!!
15And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire.
Dan Roodt writes that he celebrated his birthday on May 26 by having a ‘delicious meal in a Swedish restaurant with indigenous food. The entire menu was only in Swedish without a word of English of even French. All the dishes had Swedish names – an indication that the high level of pride in their language is a routine fact, and that the language-needs of the ever-present tourist are not placed above the language-rights of the indigenous population’.
One cake had a dome, so I had to slice a bit of the top using a serrated knife.
I felt inspired to come up with a wedding yarn, something that would either make a thoughtful and personal little gift for a bride-to-be who happens to be a knitter, or that could be knitted or crocheted into a wonderful little bridal bag or unique fiber art necklace to be worn at the wedding.
The summer before Luke Tull turned fourteen, his father had a serious accident at the factory he was inspecting.
Narrator of “Animals”
Added to this we are in May, 30 days from June. From past history, this is the ‘slow time of year’ for my husband.
A.K.G. Nair, Group Director, Pearl Academy of Fashion said, “We have some of the most creative minds amongst us, but exposure and access to the best resources, ideas and talent from around the world is key to success. Having someone like Angela Missoni share her experiences with our students is part of our efforts to create a truly global and relevant industry experience at Pearl.”
NHL:
To find out if you’re a princess, please join me at The Moxie Store on Saturday, May 5, 2012 from 2:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. The store is located at 2 Main St., Lisbon Falls, Maine; right on the corner of Route 196 and Main St., across from the old Worumbo Mill.
heard but unseen,
In a food processor combine the flours, sugar, 1 cup brown sugar, and salt, pulse to combine. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. If you don't have a food processor whisk together the flour, sugar and salt and cut in the butter until it resembles coarse crumbs. Reserve 2 cups of the crumb mixture, and place the remaining crumb mixture in a medium mixing bowl.
5. JAVA code fixing and testing the fixes.
Today, I received a letter from a sister in my ward which I’ve paraphrased and shorten to keep her anonymity.
Or, at least, you'd think it would be.
Our trip to Mallorca (a.k.a. Majorca) in February was unforgettable and thoroughly unexpected. Well, the trip itself was expected. After all, we did book plane tickets and lodging, but aside from where we stayed and when, the rest of the trip was anything but on plan. For starters, it snowed in Mallorca, including the beaches of Palma, a week before our arrival.
He Guards me! My Lion
A small smile played across her lips, and Ronan knew Ash only pretended to sleep.
to the symphony of what it must do.
2 lit
Soundtrack: a Biedronka advertising jingle, 'Daj sie zaskoszyc, jakoscia Biedronki' - 'Be surprised by Biedronka quality'.
From the outside it probably looks pretty ordinary. Kids, school, some writing, bread-baking, lunches with the ladies, just boring domestication...but internally I seethe with joy.
You need to make sure you are dealing with a reputable broker. There are some decent forums (Forex Factory is a good place to start) where there are a lot of traders who can offer guidance on finding one. FXDD is sizeable and has a good history, but I don’t make recommendations to anyone other than do your own research. That said, if I ever reached a point where I had enough money to actually get nervous about things, I’d split it among two or more brokers and just execute the same trades. It would be a little more hassle, but it would spread the risk of the kinds of issues you’re talking about.
Mr.Mixologist
While the decision doesn't have to be made today or tomorrow...it will be made in the near future.
So why does the MSM avoid "exposing" these rude and crude anarchists. It's not difficult to surf the blogosphere to find a much more detailed profile on this 'victim' of police brutality.
Mix the sugar with the cinnamon and roll the doughnuts while they are warm in this mixture. You can also fill the doughnuts with your favorite jam.
"Oh!" he exclaims, "Are you just learning how to draw?" turns out he was an interior designer.
I got a pedicure today… my toes are bright red… They feel sexy, a little naughty… they have special meaning to me… not telling that one… yet.
So there you go. These are only ten of the most effective ways on how to cure back acne.
IQ, even genius, has no necessary bearing on wisdom, common sense, morality or character. That’s why a smart elite that’s not wise is worse than useless. Intellectual brilliance does not insure against the fancies of craziness, whether Martin Luther’s (est. IQ 170) ranting against reason, heretics, Jews or the abodes of the Devil (e.g. in a Swiss lake), or Ted Turner’s (I.Q. 128) donation of $1 billion to the U.N. Third-World cesspool and championing of every cause of the kooky Left, from Obama to global warming.
The goal of this exercise is to clear the muck in your subconsciousness. It’s also a tool for recovery. It allows you to freely create.
Just me and my Elements!
School begins soon, and I will go back to rising at 5:30 and my early morning routines. But for the next few weeks I will continue to enjoy my summer and the pleasure of an unmade bed.
We do not grieve as those who have no hope, but we do grieve. When my mother died I explained to myself that death was inevitable, normal and part of life and this is what I should expect to happen at my stage of life. My heart said otherwise however. It refused to listen to this rattling rationalization and would not allow itself to come to terms with the atrocity that had befallen it. My mother was not meant to die. No one was meant to die. Death is a catastrophe that falls like a pall across the inheritors of the knowledge of good and evil. But it should never again be accepted as normal. Jesus has risen from the grave and sits at the Father’s right hand.
I would still love to learn how to fight, and will probably take up Tae-Kwon-Do again eventually, or maybe kickboxing. Rather than have the power to hurt, I want more to have the power to protect.
Touch wood
(~Won't you please be my prisoner, please, please, please.~Up)
I can’t help it either.
Or maybe I’m wrong. Detroit today is the poster child for American urban blight with a list of horribles associated with the city that is longer than the Old Testament. The thing is that even with all that, Motown has some things going for it. It still has a decent climate and an advantageous geographic location. More importantly, it has a population that could perhaps be led down a different path if given the right leadership.
Torn to shreds of the dead
What’s the point of allowing a site that continues to act as a pimp for these women to stand? These young ladies are desperate, but does CraigsList need to give them a platform?
2 cups chopped or shredded chicken
Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi: “Some friends quoted a hadith that says Islam would conquer Rome. Does this mean that we will vanquish the Europeans once again?”
Fake trees are bad (in almost every scenario).
From morning sun ’til dine
Between the middle of that night before the high Priest and Sanhedrin and the forenoon of the next day when Jesus was nailed to his cross, every one of these laws was broken. Our Lord not only was falsely accused, he was then struck and spit upon by members of the court.
6 tbsp melted butter
I am the person who observes the world as it passes along, my passengers who passed their gems of knowledge to me I give thanks.
The most unsure.
I went into the studio this afternoon to put the finishing touches to a painting I was working on and to get my two pieces labelled and wrapped to take into the Royal Academy tomorrow. I have entered two paintings into the Summer Show. Who knows if they will get in or not. These things are a bit of a lottery.
I would then somehow be the police chief of Shanghai. It’s nice to be the police chief. One has the power to do what one wants. That is, if others let one get away with it. But they must! If they were dumb enough to say “Wukiutschu should lead us!” then they have to be satisfied with me. And if someone weren’t satisfied, I’d take action, since there are always malcontents. I would therefore decree:
SM Entertainment artists, the ones who are leading the Korean wave, will appear on MBC TV’s Joo Byung Jin Talk Concert.
#723 - The Fallen Idol (1948) - (#668 on TSPDT) Before taking on My Quest, The Third Man was the only Carol Reed film I had seen. My take on that was that Orson Welles had probably ghost directed much of the film since it seemed to be in his style. Didn't really give poor Mr. Reed much credit, even though, upon finally seeing The Fallen Idol (about time, huh?), he surely deserves it. Now perhaps Welles did give some pointers, especially the scenes involving old Harry Lime, but we can see here (in another adaptation of Graham Greene) that Reed had a filmmaking prowess all his very own. A sly and twisted film that is highlighted by the always wonderful, and always dangerously sly himself, Sir Ralph Richardson in the titular fallen role.
And last but not least, my newest furry baby needed a little something. I sewed up a simple rectangle of fleece, stuffed it with batting and catnip, and added a ribbon (because Ninja loves ribbons). I think he likes it!
okay... i know i don't actually have bragging rights. if i thought i did, then what i said above about thinking every kid is different wouldn't be true. but i really believe that's the case, and that those varying rates of development are not any indication of genius or lack thereof. i've seen it first-hand with the babies of others i know. at some point, they all catch up or slow down to be on the same playing field... or should i say playground? still... if he keeps this up, i'm hoping he'll be able to learn song and dance just so he'll be able to keep us entertained these next four months after he's conquered everything else.
Saturday, my husband's band had their EP release party. He loves to wear skinny jeans but has a huge pile of wider legged jeans from when we started dating. I'd been promising him forever to take a stab at turning them into skinny jeans and his favourite pair were literally hanging on by a thread so he couldn't wear them to the show. I thought it'd be difficult, but other than breaking one needle, I transformed two pairs of jeans for him in less than an hour.
A trip to Paris in the Spring
So I just thought, ok it'll eventually dry, I might have to recoat a fews times, but it'll stick eventually. So that's what I did.
Am I not the most disgusting, immoral thing you’ve ever heard of? Well, guess what: As of January, 2010, I’m a legal Person in the United States, and I’m allowed to buy off your politicians and tell you nothing. What do you think of me now…….? That’s what I thought.
So scathing was my reaction that this time he seems to have phoned in advance to double-check on the chocolate thing.
to release her fiancé from their
"What other forms?
No, the aimless, self-involved hipsters are not the counterculture of our generation. It’s the global revolutionaries.
I was bribbing them both with suckers from the bank teller who had doted on them a few moments ago when they were darling angels. Now they were past humoring my To-Do list. We were on sucker number 2 and I was praying that the sugary balls of goodness would hold out, but I was ill prepared for the jam packed isles. I ran out of suckers and my once angelic daughter began tantruming (I swear I am a better mom than this sounds!) …but she began whinning at a glass-shattering high pitch and began yelling, “Mommy! Fucker, Fucker, Fucker!!! (Meaning I want a sucker of course – duh!) but yeah – I’d never said the “F” bomb in her life but here she was yelling it at the top of her lungs. Together her sister tried to imitate her by pounding her fists on the shopping cart and yelling nonsense while my oldest kept her mantra of the “F” bomb going. I was fresh out of those sticky sticks of silence and so I was “SOL”.
I've been blog surfing this morning and enjoying many of your "fav" projects from 2010. So I thought I would post a list of my own favorites from 2010!!
Schindler’s rather unsavory nature is then shadowed by a long series of good actions, in which his own factory becomes a camp in which innocent prisoners are treated like people, and given a good diet. Jews with occupations like musician or teacher are given forged papers, stating that they are metal workers and therefore “essential” to the war effort, saving them from deportation. Schindler reportedly kept SS officers out of his camp, either from bribes or invitations to come drink in his office, after which the soldiers would be too soused to remember their purpose at the camp. At one point, Schindler saves a young woman from Nazi Commandant Amon Goeth‘s (whose past-time was sniping prisoners from his balcony) home in a card game. Goeth would later be executed not far from the concentration camp he terrorized, though it took three tries for the noose to be effective.
Shelley, who was an account sup has left the business altogether. She's near 70 and near retirement, working as the office manager for a psychiatrist in Long Beach.
(Hmmm...Amazon has the $29.95 book for $19.37. However, it
the emotional devastation and deflated self-esteem resulting from the
3-M velcro tabs affix it to the door. A dry erase maker hung from cook's twine might be handy to prevent its disappearance.
The moon is full of holes that do not know what is on the bottom. It is believed to lead to the center of the hollow moon. However, NASA has tried their best over the years to blur and obscure many of these structures. Often their attempts are extremely blatant.
Salt & Pepper shakers – $5 (Nice looking!)
Matshona said the inflow of cash was more than the outflow and it had not been verified where the rest of the money came from.
Hey girls! Sorry about the loss of power thing. This is the 4th time we’ve lost power since being at Ft. Bliss, but definitely the longest we’ve gone without power. The other times, it was during the middle of a REALLY hot day. I’m guessing that the power grid wasn’t big enough to handle all the A/C’s. Look at me, theorizing. I have absolutely no idea why it went out then - ROFL!
get thrown to Harper, so he can prosper, and then sent back to a hand, that may be can help the land.
Once cooked, remove from the pan and rest briefly on paper towels before placing on a serving dish. Finish off with a sprinkle of sea salt.
“I go to prepare a place for you, and if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again, and receive you unto myself. . . and where I go ye know, and the way ye know.”
I always know what I need to know! Amen!
The Big Empty (2005)
So God turns upside down and inside out notions of who he is and what his kingdom is like. It’s certainly nothing like we might expect. His is a kingdom where it is far better to be broke than it is to be fixed, far better to be empty than filled, far better to be the sinner than the righteous.
From my growing profession in audit firm, I gradually involve myself actively in Toastmaster Club – which is a public speaking club. I have played my roles during our Toastmaster meetings. From there, I improved my public speaking skills and present good speeches in front of the crowd.
I saw a hundred and more step forth from the ranks, but two or three
The Darent flows southwards beneath ash, sycamore and alder, their canopies reflected, shimmering, in the faintly rippled surface of the barely moving river; an enormous collapsed field maple lies adjacent to the riverside path, sprawling like a drunkard; songbirds flit from branch to branch; in the clear water, darting shadows hint at the presence of fish. An idyllic scene along a typical lowland chalk stream – but one which a few years ago may have been less vibrant. From being one of the finest trout rivers in the country, the river suffered from pollution and over-abstraction during the 20th century, many stretches running dry during drought years. But over recent years, as a plaque by the path commemorates, the Darent was the subject of a restoration programme – which seems to have been thoroughly successful.
When it comes to baking with bananas, my motto is "The riper the better". Extra ripe bananas "mash" easier and they are extra sweet which adds to the overall flavor of the cake.
I always make the kids share one scoop of ice cream, because it's about the size of a Ruby Red grapefruit.
My plan last week was to delay picking any spinach and wait until it was a bit larger, but yesterday I found that most of it had been eaten (lower left was all that remained). Now what would do a thing like that?
Samsung has gone all out to the kill the other competitors in the Tab market. No one but this leviathan stands tall while other companies run for cover.
The Austrian International Sex School in Vienna offers 'hands on' lessons in seduction for £1,400 a term.
The mercy seat was at the foot of the cross. The Holy of Holies was outside the wall hanging on a tree. And the multitude missed it .Surely the Pharisees, the religious experts cannot be wrong? We have the temple, we have had it in one shape or fashion for 1000 years, we are special because we have it. Ah, but the Lord had just wept over Jerusalem. He knew that 1000 years of history can come crashing down in a moment and it did and the very center of all they held dear was torn down piece by piece.
So maybe the old pattern will not reveal itself again, or maybe it will. The only thing that I can do is keep trying and hoping that she will open up to me more than she has in the past. It took her 10 years to find peace in her fathers death, I hope that she will find peace a lot sooner this time.
I look at her and smile,
Bir az aci= This will hurt a little
Ya don’t wanna get up, its too warm under the covers. Ya don’t wanna write that tender love scene cause you’re angry at him. Ya don’t wanna face another day on chapter five. Ya don’t wanna cause you had WAY too much fun the night before.
5)Are you planning on doing any preparedness events in europe or even back in America? My GF and I are Gearing up for a big trip in the next year or so after we get school loans paid off and I would love to see the european side of preparedness.
And as for me, I resumed work apologizing for the days of absence. Fran and I took a little trip to Iloilo to visit old churches, and I went back to hanging out and clubbing with my friends. Life was slowly returning back to normal.
And for the rest, what stops them from just not doing anything and still getting everything they need? Simple, if you don’t have any extenuating circumstances that reduces your work load then you need to be involved somehow in the world that provides for you to the best of your ability. If we don’t all pull together how can anyone expect to have their needs met? Whether this is taking a course, inventing something, finding an organization that is doing interesting things and supporting that, creating your own company or group of likeminded individuals, or even providing a local service to your community or building something new entirely – there will always be plenty to do.
2. The dwarsligger was launched in Amsterdam in September 2009. How many titles were released in the first year, and what was the initial response? How have Dutch readers embraced this format since its debut?
I got to know her at L.L.Bean. We were part of a group representing the Flagship Store that went to Albany to help open the new store there. Between spending five hours in a van together and working somewhere in the neighborhood of sixty, intense hours over the course of four days, we got to know each other fairly well. Our friendship was born and, working together even further first back at Flagship and later at the Home Store, our friendship only deepened. I was able to talk to her about anything and everything. I cried with (to) her, I dreamt with her, most importantly, I laughed with her.
** And I encourage anyone to leave comments about their post impressions! The only way I’ll be able to update newer, more exciting stories and photos is if I know what people like to read about ** – Dirk
But one thing that came out is that No one won, thats boring and i really hate that, when u watch a game, u expect one team to win, but in this term, both teams were winners because it was a Draw when the Game ended!.
Follow Len and Leslie Marma of Success! Real Estate on their facebook business page, “Marshfield Matters” ….. click LIKE to receive real estate info and what’s happening in Marshfield
As a ‘homage’ to BritArt and inspired by @infobunny and her recent paintings, I decided to amuse myself last night and late this afternoon. The works reveal absolutely no subtlety of colour, tone, design or, indeed, talent. This is as it should be in ‘The FuckArt’ School’ which I founded late last night after dipping into a second bottle of the Bourbon King’s finest Rioja. Typical of the Fuckart school is the use of spray paint used for repairing scratches on motorcars. Charonaletto is the leading proponent of the ‘let’s get completely pissed and paint’ technique and he told the director of a Gallery in Chelsea (who has expressed interest in these two seminal works) “Vandals and Goths brought Rome down. I’d like to have a crack at a bit of that as well and spray cans of paint as a base seemed an appropriate metaphor.”
Decades later, my own daughter participated in a school haunted house at her grade school. My daughter was dressed in pajamas and was kneeling down with her hands on a TV screen that was just broadcasting snow and static. As people passed by, she would call out “Theeeeeeyy’rrrrrrrreee Heeeeeeerrrrreeeeeee” in reference to little Carol Ann in the movie. None of the kids going through the haunted house had a clue….though all the parents really liked it.
The simplicity of my recipe for roasting the fresh split-turkey breast on a bed of cut veggies made up of carrots, celery and onions creates a magical sauce in the bottom of the roasting pan. The flavor dripping off of the cooking turkey into the vegetables under and around the turkey breast makes a gravey that is sweet and light in texture and flavor.
Like this fellow, for instance.
There is always a certain ease and comfort in my body and mind after class that I had forgotten about and it came on very strong last night, magnified by my mind training I’m sure. Walking felt “perfect”, breathing was just breathing. It had a concentration quality to it, similar to access concentration and maybe even the low level spaciousness of borderline Samatha jhana states. I recall something like this after the one and only Hatha Yoga class I’ve ever taken. It’s going to be interesting to see how martial arts plays a roll in my mindfulness practice now that I can see the connections and why that would work.
(The tableau fades out.)
Shirts: Northland
B.J. Cunningham
Like a fairy tale
Randolph McMann was too old to switch careers. His elderly mother still hounded him daily about his wasted intellect and shabby attitude.
KQGHJ Blog (kqghjblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
For the last three summers we have headed to the West Coast to beat the heat. I am terrified that this time we are heading right into the heat. Well actually the humidity – which is something I am not used too. I do have one thing in my favor – I am much more fit and in better shape than other times in my life and so maybe it won’t affect me as bad. Like before when I was hauling around all the extra weight, maybe I shouldn’t be worrying so much about it. but I must admit the humidity has me worried along with bugs in forestry areas. So I am bound a determined to do as much time as I can at the coast. But trying to find someplace cool and comfortable between Charlotte, NC and the Crystal Coast is a challenge because of me and not wanting to settle. but I think I better have a talk with myself and remind myself about the mad house I will be throwing us into on Memorial Day weekend in Williamsburg.
The blue milk glass on the ledge holds all of our little odds and ends that seem to always pile up at the kitchen sink like water color brushes and baby medicine syringes. The basket to the left of the sink is for bottles.
Sasanokawa and its Cherry Whisky brand have been consigned to the footnotes of the Japanese whisky story on Nonjatta. I have mentioned the distillery a couple of times, but never really spent much time on the subject (despite getting quite a few inquiries about them in comments and emails). That needs to be put right. Cherry Whisky is actually a significant name in the development of whisky culture in Japan. Sasanokawa is an old sake and shochu making house, dating back to 1765, but they started making whisky in 1946 and built themselves into quite a force in the postwar whisky market in northeast Japan, prevalent enough to rival Nikka or Suntory in the region. One of the firm`s more recent interventions, helping Ichiro Akuto to save stocks from the old Hanyu distillery and therefore enabling him to launch his Ichiro's Malt brand, was genuinely significant for preserving diversity in the Japanese whisky world.
1 stick unsalted butter, softened
To be fair to would-be budget cutters, some of Labbe's arguments don't hold water: If recidivism rates for Windham School District participants were as greatly reduced as the (source-free, non-Texas specific) statistics she cited, there'd be little problem justifying the expense. However, according to the Austin Statesman, citing Sen. Shapiro, "The recidivism rates for graduates of some Windham programs were not much better than for other convicts."
Feel the flutter of light breezes that flow across your skin with the flapping of fairies wings.
The Z.E. has a 130mm stretch over the standard petrol-driven variant. As much as it seems on paper, it does take a keen eye to spot the differences. Despite having a longer boot, the Z.E. still suffers a cut in boot volume. This, however, contribute to the driving characteristics, all thanks to a considerably different weight distribution – which shall be discussed in the latter section.
I laid 6 cooked lasagna noodles on a foil-covered cookie sheet.
The main aim of theosophy is, on one hand the, development of a global core of a humanity free of discrimination based on religion, race, sex, class and colour, but on the other hand, in relation to the previous objective, to prove that all the different religious faiths and heresies are substantially the same, with a common beginning and minor variations. Based on these aims, theosophy set out from the beginning to advance “comparative religion” as a means of demonstrating the origin of religions from common primary religious myths. However, characteristic of the theosophic understanding – due to its basically Hinduistic (and Buddhist, as concerns ethics) character – is the belief in rebirth and reincarnation, its denial of the existence of a personal God, spiritual pantheism (and in particular the presence of the divine essence in man; namely, man is in essence a god, a spark and rendering of godly essence with hidden divine powers), “evolutionism,” communication with already advanced beings of earlier periods (Spiritual Hierarchy) through spiritism (“mediumism”) and the expectation of a future teacher “Christ” (Maitreya), “Christ of the Aquarian period,” which will surpass all the previous “teachers” (“Avatars”), even Jesus.
The Blackhope Enigma is a fantastical historical adventure mystery that romps along at a fine pace and is populated by several characters who we're never quite sure if they're good or bad - all have an agenda and all are searching for something but this adds to the intrigue of both setting and story. At its heart this is a traditional adventure story but along the way it offers a fascinating glimpse into the Renaissance world and Greek mythology that adds another dimension to an already enjoyable and engaging read.
'See what?' I demanded. 'What can you see?'
I don't normally take cold requests for guests and promo, but sometimes somebody catches my eye, whether it is the wit or the book, or in this case, both... Graham is launching his second book and his first is being made into a movie--(Wow, right?) But that first line of the promo below is what REALLY grabbed me. I want to be both luckier AND more attractive!
Have you tried any Nyx products? What do you think?
"High Ho, High Ho, now off to work we go." Now are you singing it?
This does what I need it to and I really like the way it turned out.
Engineers: Julia Carney & Mike Robinson
Last night, Palin endorsee Deb Fischer won an upset victory in the GOP senate primary in Nebraska. Since long time Democrat incumbent Ben Nelson is retiring, Fischer is the likely winner of the general election in the deep Red Cornhusker State.
Too aware. Time to end this. “My name and my business are just that — mine.” She moved to rise.
Charm is deceptive, and beauty is fleeting, but a woman who fears the LORD
Oh how we tried to get her interested in other books. She enjoyed listening to the other stories that we presented, but the evening reading session had to begin and end with Busy Day. We came to hate that book.
I am also going to try something new in the newsletter to just put the link for the blog in and then you go directly there for the recipes. I am hoping that some of you will comment at the end of the post and offer up ideas of what you are cooking this week, not necessarily the recipes, just some more ideas. (You can do this, by clicking on the word comment at the top of the post for the week and it will allow you to post comments.)
Your visitor won't feel attraction to your content if you buy low quality articles.
It’s not a trait I’m proud of.
Rod joined the search party to help investigate his dad’s disappearance. It’d disbanded at nightfall and picked up the search again at daybreak, but they’d found no sign of his dad. Rod guided a canoe deep into the marshes and swamps. He’d hunted with his father many times in these wetlands so he knew where to check. No word or sign of his father made the cold, Christmas season stab like an ice pick, and his heart ached for his mother, left alone.
4. Place in a sunny place and wait for the plant to develop a lot of roots. And be sure to check water level often and refill as needed.
A good formula will have 30%-50% butter to flour ratio. This will help to determine how many layers are needed to create the flakiness in a croissant. The more butter, the more flavor but also the more delicate the structure of the layers as you do the turns needed to give you the right results. Am I getting to technical?
LLL: Initiated? A single image – a dream sequence – which became the first sentences of the first draft, long discarded. The novel is finished but needs certain revisions which I’ve planned but will undertake as the serialisation progresses. There are also certain scenes which I cut from the much longer original version and which I may decide to restore in one form or another. As it now stands, it’s about 350 pages in length.
Larry K
Just a bit of fun as we wind down the year, and a chance to hand out a little praise. So without further ado let’s get started.
which we feel to be real. The "reality" lies in the continual recurrence of identical, familiar, related things in their logicized character, in the belief that here we are able to reckon and calculate;
terriavidreader (IN-USA) said...
My head is well and truly spinning with the amount of stuff I still have to do. I have one more work shift to force myself through before I can truly put my mind to nothing but our vacation, but my head is a little ahead of the game. Yesterdays shift was tough, today is going to be near impossible. Thankfully we don’t leave until late afternoon tomorrow, so I will have time to get stuff done.
I put a little muffin case inside so at the end I don't have to do any washing up (yay)!
I just wanted to send an extra shout out to those who have recently started following me! *waving* To all my new friends and long time followers, you're the reason why I continuously post so thank you for making this fun for me.
Shattered Souls by Mary Lindsey
Baby pigs. Baby cats. Baby cows. Baby chicks. Baby plants. Everywhere renewal, life just bursting through. It is a time when the farm calls out to me loud... work here, be here, live all this goodness.
I’m not sure what, if any effect, the events will have on mortgage interest rates. In addition to lowering the US Debt Credit rating, S&P also lowered the rating of Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae. These two entities buy most of the mortgages issued in this country, allowing banks to finance more home sales. But what I understand is that since mortgage rates are tied to long-term Treasury yields, and Treasuries are considered a safe investment in uncertain times, mortgage rates are unlikely to rise because Treasuries will continue to do well.
A skills assessment exercise that maps the country’s inventory skill set starting from post graduate holders all the way to primary school drop outs should be undertaken. The results of the country’s skills inventory should then be mapped against the country’s projected skill needs. Areas that indicate there is going to be excess inventory should cull back their training programs while those that point to a shortage should have their enrollment and funding increased. With such an approach, a reasoned way forward can be charted rather than having the various parties advancing their self serving agendas while shouting from roof tops to scare and confuse the public.
4. Embassy of the
Watch out, if you're near
Some websites might appear blank or might not display correctly in Windows Internet Explorer. For example, portions of a webpage might be missing, info in a table might be in the wrong locations, or colors and text might be incorrect. Some webpages might not display at all.
When: Thursday, September 9, 2010
was a scorcher. When we landed at Heathrow at 7 am, the thermometer
That being said, if the dog is charging, do the following.
5. Because Sam doesn't take as many medications anymore, his bed area doesn't look quite so much like the Starship Enterprise...perhaps more like the dashboard of a single engine jet.
1-Leg pushups and jump: 5/7/6
Sheriff was an accomplished playwright, celebrated for his 1928 play Journey’s End which detailed life in the trenches during WWI. Journey’s End built on his own experiences – he was wounded at Passchendaele. I’d never heard of him before reading this book, although I had vaguely heard of Journey’s End. Reading his wiki biography, I found he was also a prolific writer of screenplays including Goodbye Mr Chips (1933) and The Dambusters. Alongside his theatre and film careers, he found time to write some novels too; The Hopkins Manuscript was his third, published in 1939 and I loved it.
How did I survive without knowing about Scholastic Dollar Deals? I saw someone blog about it earlier and I was very excited! I bought 13 books. My cart originally had 33 books, but I cut it down a little bit! Check out what I got!
Thank You EVERYONE so very much for entering this year, and for your most kind & gracious support. This year has been stressful financially for so many folks, that it humbles me and makes me even more honored, that you all chose my dollyes to share your lives with. I appreciate it, and the Museum appreciates it, greatly!
Venue: The ceremony will be in our church, but I'm working on the reception site. I'll probably cave in and have it at the same place. In fact, our sanctuary is huge (it's like twice the size of a gym and has a totally changeable setup), so Matt's mom has actually done weddings there where the ceremony and reception were both in the same ROOM. So I'm looking into that.
And finally, I’m nesting. I cleaned out the linen closet yesterday. I washed all the sheets, the blankets, and finally I scrubbed the walls. I scrubbed the walls of my linen closet. Who does that?
Though I have a few complaints (mainly things I was disappointed not to see), I understand why most of the choices were made when the movie was being put together. I trust that, since the author was so involved with the screenwriting process, she has her reasons for signing off on things being included, excluded, or presented a certain way. The changes would have bothered me more if she wasn't one of the screenwriters. To be honest, they might also have bugged me more if I'd been a Hunger Games fan for years instead of a day by the time I saw the movie, though I was deeply impacted by all three books, and I consider myself a fan of them now.
They are the perfect shade to match these papers from Echo Park.
MUMFORD
Please do let us know what you think of it. Leave a comment below or email us at hello@uncovercolombia.com.
Nothing fits the soul-searching of Good Friday as well as meditations/devotionals. What was the most powerful insight you received from this Good Friday? How did it bring you closer to God? Did you see the cross in a fresh way? What gave it special meaning this year? What part of the crucifixion story grabbed you? Share your spiritual lessons with your readers.
WHY WE DO IT
I won't hold up pretenses - I came to Shirley Collins music by way of tracing the influences of my influences when I was thinking of myself as a songwriter. It's a practice I've kept up even though I'm no longer actively writing / composing -- I believe it's called "research" by those music conservatory types of people. For me it meant listening to certain records very deeply and often, paying close attention to writing credits and liner notes. THIS was my (informal) music education, and I would trace genealogies of musicians and writers to arrive at mutual fonts of inspiration. This was in the days before music blogs and the instant-gratification of internet sharing communities (before long after listening to music on wax cylinders, lest any readers think that I am absolutely ancient). The days when you had to literally hunt down music by haunting used record and CD shops, making real-life-flesh-and-blood friends with similar interests, or even visiting a public library or two. For music from my own home continent, North America, that's meant going back to some of the earliest material available thanks to dedicated and largely independent labels interested in divulging it. For English music, my interests started with Fairport Convention and sprouted like a weed to Pentangle, Steeleye Span, Davy Graham, and eventually landing at the foot of the Great Mother of them all, Shirley Collins. And there it more or less stops. I could dig deeper some day, I suppose. (Incidentally I discovered the records of Nick Drake and The Incredible String Band along the course of this musical sojourn, rather than the river flowing in the other direction -- I just had to put that in there to show "I was there before it was HIP!" thanks to the neo-freak-folk phonies or whatever they are calling themselves, if they still exist at all).
Subculture
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Line a muffin tin with baking cups.
For their analysis, Laura Hewitson and her colleagues at UP conducted the type of proper safety research on typical childhood vaccination schedules that the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention(CDC) should have conducted — but never has — for such regimens. And what this brave team discovered was groundbreaking, as it completely deconstructs the mainstream myth that vaccines are safe and pose no risk of autism.
As parents we understand and now this but sometimes we too often forget the meaning.
My kids started to do the same and we now enjoy twice daily bike rides.
And the tears come streaming down your face
He then cautions the reader to avoid two potential pitfalls:
My lips tremble
and smoothing with a tissue.
but it produces cool sounds. Even when I play it.
Joe's Petite Micro-flare
Preheat the oven to 170C
04. Ceremony
For more information visit www.propertyguru.com.sgand register for our daily news email to be kept up-to-date on forthcoming events.
Happy Thanksgiving! Merry Christmas! Happy New Year! I guess a lot has happened since the last time I posted. I’m having a hard time remembering the blog-worthy parts, so instead I will just tell you about my doctor’s appointment today.
Second Mum: We’re going to hug now
Dr. Bennett somehow remembered to slip off his shoes before stepping into the water. Before he was in up to his knees he grabbed one little body that floated towards him, lifted it up and deposited it onto the bank. The boy shook Dr. Bennett’s hands off with a ‘I was doing very well on my own, thank you’ look and headed straight back into the water. His second attempt met with more appreciation. Mrs. Warmisham pressed one of her muddy and dripping little girls to her silky floral outfit.
Poet John McAuliffe then laid roundly but with characteristic good humour into the Booker. He recalled the Booker in what he called its heyday, mentioning among others Midnight's Children, The God of Small Things and Vernon God Little, books which he said administered shocks to British literary culture. In recent years, though, he felt, Booker winners have been echoes, imitations of those earlier books rather than making new noises of their own. This year authors whose books could have administered such shocks - Patrick McGuinness, Dermot Healy, Kevin Barry - had been left off *, the last two even from the longlist, and the problem with them having been left off is that they have already more or less disappeared. Altogether, in his view, while British poetry prizes are closer to the pulse of the form, the Booker is now a publishers' prize for the Christmas market.
The directions called for sprinkling two or three table spoons of the granules around the mound and on top. After the granules were sprinkled, it required pouring up to two gallons of water around and top of the mound.
My grandma made it for me. :)
* Photo walks
My brain is a little tired right now so I don’t know where I expected to end up with what I wrote above. Hopefully that won’t make it less valid.
CV - resume
Friday the 9th till Saturday the 17th – St Padraig’s Day Festival @ various places in Digbeth, Birmingham – With the parade itself on (helpfully) the 17th. (EDIT: And by ’17th’ I mean ’11th’, obviously).
las vegas lights
We decided to try and keep our morning routine as close as we could to our home routine so Owen could adjust, so we made breakfast, lounged around and let him take his morning nap from 10-12 as usual. He did great sleeping in his little Pea Pod for the first time. I was very proud of him because we hadn't tried him sleeping in it before the trip, in fact, the Michigan trip was kind of a trial for our Africa trip, which is why we got it in the first place. Anyway, after his nap we headed to the Bradford's (my side of the family)!
Last night we set up the majority of the set and our AMAZING lighting designer, Zac Consenza, brought his two fantastic assistants, Jason Mauro and Ethan Weiser! A huge thanks to Anthony Fiorillo and his friend as well! We are SO happy with the way everything is turning out so far!
So watch this space over the next week or so.
**Please note in the picture above that the left hole is left without the ribbon - this is an end flag.
The landlord of the house where I live is also Romanian. He’s doing well; he has a lot of properties in and around London. So he offers R a job renovating one of these properties. Great: R gets the work that will keep him going until his manager gets him onto a new project. Except there’s a bit more to it than that: the landlord gets R to do a job which R estimates should pay 2000 pounds, and pays R 1000 pounds. R doesn’t complain because he’s grateful to have that much and a roof over his head.
Josh Pelc Account Executive Intern/ Not Justin Beiber (so please stop following me everywhere I go!!!)
The stamps are all from the new Stacey Yacula Sweetest Day collection from Purple Onion Designs. I went with a wood-sy theme for my card and used some garden twine, a wood button and papers from My Mind's Eye.
Combine the flour, salt, baking powder, and sugar in a mixing bowl, and stir with a fork to blend. Slowly add 1 cup of the cream, stirring. Gather the dough together gently: when it holds together and feels tender, it’s ready to knead. If it feels shaggy and pieces are dry, slowly add enough cream to make the dough hold together.
I will draw the candy as soon as possible after that.
The times are huge for our women. Personal bests for Johnson, Uceny and Beckwith. Johnson’s mark moves her into the all time top 10 American women at #9. Most importantly it continues the improvement US women have been showing in the middle distances over the past two seasons. It’s a big race for Johnson who has shown talent in the past but just hasn’t been able to break through. Perhaps this will be her race. Uceny has been improving like crazy in both the 800/1500 this season, and looks ready to step up and be a major competitor.
And she brought forth her firstborn son, and wrapped him in swaddling clothes, and laid him in a manger; because there was no room for them in the inn.
A week or so ago I had the good fortune to meet a new friend. I always like making new friends, makes life so much......friendlier :)
* Many, many nights after the bar closed, singing at the top of our lungs with Mike and Colleen to a series of 80s metal tunes on the iPod, usually culminating in Hal’s rendition of “Come Sail Away” by Styx. (If you haven’t heard his version, you should. He is famous for it in a small Belizean village.)
_____I HATE it when girls….. have this attitude like they are prettier, smarter, skinnier and more successful than me….and they ARE (funny hate quote)
I mentioned a few days ago that today was surgery day for Garrett, and that we probably would have to cancel it. Although he still had a bit of a runny nose this morning and some little coughs, his lungs were "as clear as a bell", and we were able to go ahead with the surgery. It's done!
‘Anywhere but here’ has become my motto.
2) A certain grasp of what makes for good communication. Sermons need a “Big Idea” (or “Homiletical theme”) and preachers need to practice clear, concise, relevant and engaging communication.
So – I’m going to be suspending this blog for the next week. I’ve two interviews for jobs and I’m nervous as all sin so I don’t think my mind will really be in a good mode to go in and be all … literary … (well, beyond reading some Dickens – but that’s my fun reading).
-High School was rough, made some bad choices-mostly grade related, but crushing suicidal teenage depression and ADHD will have that affect on just about anyone.
in my own right… So I guess it’s time to make dreams a reality!
“I am proud of and appreciate Terry and all the other countless individuals who daily work with our most vulnerable citizens in order to help them reclaim their life,” said Rep. Morgan.
“I don’t think we’re underdogs by any means,” he said. “Miami has more recognition, honestly, with their big three guys, but I think we’re a good team as well.”
Governor Christie spent his first two years in office maligning public employees. A number of persons have asked me about what my posture would be regarding the public sector and I have provided them with it. However, I reached the point when posting an article on the subject makes more sense than repeating the same formula over and over again.
'OK so that's 2.50 each couple?'
It says a lot that she noticed it, Felts instinctively that its discriminatory and is torn!
If I started selling ebooks on Amazon for $9.99, I’d make $7 a book. I already make the $3-$4 per book he cites for an author’s royalty on a hardcover for an ebook priced at $5. Not that it’s possible to make that, mind you, I already have, virtually every day for several months now, and so have lots and lots and lots of other writers.
1. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees and lightly coat cookie sheets with cooking spray.
I think most Britons have a love of Spring.......the lighter, less chilly, days.......the little splashes of colour from the spring flowers......the bursting forth of the forsythia bushes.......the new-born lambs in the fields........."Oh, to be in England, now that Spring is here!"....okay, I changed "April" to "Spring".....but you get my drift.....that was by the poet, Robert Browning, by the way...........
Her name was Kate.
Thank you for your consideration, and I look forward to hearing from you.
This is in part responsible for the astonishing lack of perspective one can find in much of the contemporary writing about advertising.
They would not speak to her.
We spilled nothing.
Moderator: Lisa Grimm, Action Selling
The one who does not mind the language that comes from my kids mouth, it is their mouths.
Let your imagination go crazy. If you had access to all the resources you needed, what would your million dollar idea be? Just remember, alot of the advances in science came about from writers ‘crazy’ ideas and asking “what if?”
(4) When at length the Judge or judges and the King of kings comes from heaven. He will overturn the whole dominion and power of the Adversary. He will also consume all of them with the eternal fire of punishment. But to His servants, prophets and martyrs, and to all those who fear Him, He will give an everlasting kingdom.
Have you ever heard of a fluffernutter sandwich? If you're from the northeastern part of the U.S., you probably have. It's a sandwich made with peanut butter and marshmallow crème. Very yummy. If you make it like a grilled cheese sandwich, it's exceptionally yummy. Those wonderful fluffernutter sandwiches were the inspiration for this bread pudding recipe.
60H - 7.51 - Aries Merritt, Tennessee - '06
leg
goodness in a crockpot. and added bonus, my little veggie lover has
Lightly flour a work surface and gently roll out the pastry to about the thickness of two pound coins. Cut out the biscuits to the size and shape you wish - anything between 3cm/1¼in and 5cm/2in, depending on the occasion. Lay them out on a greased baking tray about 2cm/¾in apart - it may take two lots of baking to use up the entire mixture.
My hours have been cut at work and I will soon be laid off. I really didn't want to whine on my blog
4) “You’re too skinny” or "You’re too fat"
It is no coincidence that the FDA Chairman who stood in the way of aspartame’s approval was removed from office the day Ronald Reagan took office. His replacement (Dr. Arthur Hill Hayes) was in part planted there by Donald Rumsfeld, CEO of G.D. Searle (aspartame is produced by G.D. Searle Company), in order to allegedly get a friendly rubber stamp on aspartame’s approval.
Paul: Iuz has to go away. The fact that there is a 998 CY and a University of Rel Mord is evidence enough of that. In the long run, Iuz is only going to get more powerful. The Oerth is his home plane and given the number of former mortals who seem to attain godhood, it's only a matter of time before he attains full godhood. Worse still, through his actions, he could become a vehicle by which Tharizdun returns. I always had the idea that the Oerth was so important because it was the keystone of Tharizdun's prison; put that keystone in Iuz's hands and, well, it's probably not going to end well.
“Oh yeah,” he lies. “I heard about that. What was our Basement like back then?”
I will illustrate a few of my favorite personal discoveries.
What many people fail to realize is that a lot of skinny girls are just as sensitive about their size as overweight girls. I for one find it completely rude for people to say, “you’re so skinny, do you eat?” Would it be socially correct for me to go up to a fat person and say, “you’re so fat, when do you stop eating?” Contrary to belief, when you’re skinny you cannot just eat a lot and then be thick. Genetics, metabolisms and other factors contribute to your weight.
A Potter County jury found Balentine guilty in 1999 of fatally shooting Edward Mark Caylor, 17; Kai Brooke Geyer, 15; and Steven Brady Watson, 15. Authorities said he fired .32-caliber pistol shots into the heads of all three teens as they slept in an East 17th Avenue home.
To make these, first you whip up a sour cream-based sauce ...
Dear Taxpayer ,
Smoked Chicken Quesadillas
We shouldn’t serve in any capacity to get a trophy. If we do, we’re forfeiting heavenly reward, trading eternal glory for a temporary self-esteem boost.
2010.08.06 Iraq Kirkuk 1 0 Muslim radicals shoot a woman to death.
The study, Prices These Days! The Cost of Living in Australia, says some necessities, including electricity, mortgages, medical services, fruit, bread and vegetables, have become more expensive but the price rises have been offset by dramatic falls in the cost of computers and audio/visual equipment. Items such as toys and household appliances have barely changed in price.
15. Applied for social security disability and was approved on the first try.
He was in the hospital for months. A ruptured spleen, countless broken bones, a collapsed lung. He would miss the rest of the school year, but he would live. “I heard she was driving too fast.” “The children weren’t supposed to be walking home that way.” “I heard she swerved to miss Trish.” The women of the neighborhood whispered in clusters on the curbs of our street.
never used them once. It's amazing what you might find when you start
So we stay just a few more minutes.
* UPDATE 25/4/12 Would you believe it, I’ve since found out that Bessant and Drury’s ice-cream isn’t ‘nut free’ after all. It’s made in a factory where nuts are present. Unfortunately their website states ‘nut free’ here, which I’m sure is just an oversight and a result of the fact that labelling laws are so confusing. Still, only serves to prove my point, I guess! They remain egg, soya, gluten and dairy free…
no blood but mine–
Again, all shows are completely free.
Thanks again as always for following us!
Chocolate pecan pie and Pecan pie. These are our favorites. Serious Yum. Served with maple flavored whipped cream.
Where does your newly resurrected vision lead you? What goals do you want to achieve along the way to realizing it? Be specific. Be concrete. (You don’t have to do a whole strategic plan here – just get the motor running again.)
… Can’t you see that you were wrong
I know this is a strange recipe but I like weird foods! I think they're tasty. They're not something I would make routinely but they're nasty nevertheless. If you'd like me to experiment with the Italian option, leave a comment and let me know. If I get enough requests, maybe I'll post that option sometime. In the meantime, fix these and let me know what you think. Enjoy – and happy croquetting!
From the moment a child is born you're aware that one day that child will leave, and each step you take with them brings you closer to that day. They start making their own choices, have their own opinions, quite often disagree with you but still look to you to guide them, and sometimes even hold your hand (when no-one else is looking!) As parents we long to hold onto that hand but we know we have to let it go, and it's hard, very hard. I'll miss my boy on our walks to school, I'll miss seeing his face in the playground, and our chats on the way home but I know (hope) he's going to enjoy the next stage of his life and we're so looking forward to sharing it with him.
Divorce is hard and people almost always want to blame everyone but themselves….maybe it is time to stop blaming and starting searching deep inside yourself instead.
There were many times like this when I was younger — when I was made to see just how much bigger I was than “normal.” The thing is, it happened in my adult life, too. Personally, my obesity never was my defining characteristic or even something I paid attention to on a daily basis. Perhaps if I ignored it, it would go away all by itself? But there were times when it definitely got in my way of leading a “normal” life and doing the things I wanted — or was asked — to do.
Shongwe and Langa were accompanied by their lawyers when they arrived at court and were listed as the co-accused of Tsheounyani. All three are due back in court on July 23.
SOUTH AUSTIN BREWING Saison D'Austin
By the side of the spring, on the breast of Helvellyn,
journeyswithasimplegirl
Egypt
But for now I'm relaxing away my evening sewing on Nearly Insane blocks and watching chick flicks on my kindle fire via Netflix!!
First you start with the canvas, i.e the plain mum with ribbons which, depending on the size, one flower to three flowers will cost you between $45 and $100. Then you have to add stuff to it, a lot of of stuff! The more the better and trust me you can never have enough: teddy bears, trinkets, bells, whistles, lights, mini games, candy, more ribbons, glitter..... So, with blood pressure rising, you start driving around town to find those priceless gems: Michael's, Hobby Lobby, Walmart, CVS and nearly have a heart attack when you get to the cash register, realizing that your credit card is about to catch on fire. But wait! That's not over. Your son's girlfriend is a cheerleader ? Well, you have to find some cheerleading related trinkets. She plays volleyball ? You have to find the perfect mini plastic volleyball to glue to the ribbons. If you have a swimmer to decorate for, keep on looking for the picking is slim. Maybe a pair or swim goggles, but it has to be painted to match the school colors. Then you have to spell their names in glittering letters and add something witty.
Pose & Prop: Gift Rainbow – Eternal Dream Poses Pose Fair Free Gift
The Milwaukee 6955-20 is a 12-inch dual bevel miter saw that promises power and precision. The 15-Amp, 3.3-Max horsepower direct drive motor is extremely innovative. It has a new constant power technology that ensures constant speed under load.
Not knowing how long I had been lost in space, I screamed out my heart when I opened my eyes and saw him. He had been watching…but, for how long? And I was naked!
Failure 1) Seeds rolled around
Desperation. ‘Road closed’, the sign said.
into the ink. She had created a sacred space in her store so she would be
Delightful because the stories are fresh, unexpected and the characters are hilarious. Astonishing because these little 150-page books for middle graders are not completely happy or lighthearted. EVERYTHING starts with the disappearance of the girl's parents and continues with dark disasters to herself and her carekeepers. TROLLS is full of Aunt Sally's creepy stories and her charming antics.
The interim resolution of this conflict of ideals is the ideation of a federal SAARC on economic basis, with common market, common currency, common defense and common forums on regional basis for the resolution of interse territorial disputes. Prime Minister Mr. Manmohan Singh’s strategic asseveration that Indian markets shall be opened to SAARC countries, translated into explicable parlance means that domination of the economies of the SAARC countries, by the pre-dominant and ascendant Indian economy that would gradually lead to the exclusion of rival China from South Asia and will corrode the pretentious sovereignty of the SAARC countries.
You’ll never know the real me.
Footprints, bare footprints in the sand,
In early March, Cheri had purchased her first home. Home ownership was of many achievements she had on her bucket list. Enthusiastic about her long await dream come true, she couldn’t wait to get started making the place her own. A one bedroom bungalow located in the middle of town was perfect for Cheri and her adventurous lifestyle. Decorating the space was her plan for the summer. Her desires to embellish the space took over her erect appetite to tease young men. Although it never complete left her train of thought.
Done with all that? Really? Good. Now let's talk.
Location: Ames, IA
Wow. Project 52: completed! Is it really over?
Here's a video of my makeup collection and set up. I'm still working on getting a few things organized but for the most part this set up really works for me.
First Quarter: East Region
It’s was very obvious that Battleship couldn’t hold on to the top spot for another week seeing as the biggest release of the year was creeping up behind it.
Fox News, the editorial pages of his Wall Street Journal and other Murdoch outlets often rail against taxes. Their attacks on government benefits for the elderly, the sick, the jobless and children focus attention on the uses of tax dollars and away from his aggressive efforts to enjoy the benefits of civilization without paying for them.’
Also more pictures to come of my mothers visit!
If you are above the enemies, then there is no need to fear them. You just need to exercise your God-given authority over them and remind them that they are beneath and not above. Jesus said in Mk.16:17 that in His Name, we will cast out demons. So, cast them out in the Name of Jesus! The armor of God protects you as you face your enemies but the moment you turn around and flee in fear, you’re exposed because what God has given us is a breastplate of righteousness not a back-plate! As you begin your walk with God today, declare victory and walk in it! When someone speaks unkindly towards you, speak gently towards them for “a gentle answer turns away wrath, but a harsh word stirs up anger.” (Prov.15:1) When you feel like fighting back, exercise restrain and remember that your God is the God who says, “vengeance is Mine!” (Rom.12:19). Enjoy Him, love Him, serve Him, reflect Him.
Picasso Museum
Be proactive. Eat as soon as you notice your hunger. Sleep. Yes, there will be times when you won't be able to get as much sleep as you need. But do make sure to sleep when the kids are sleeping. If you do choose to stay up for hours after they go to bed, don't complain to them about how exhausted you are. Take showers. Bring the kids in with you if they are tiny, or put on a movie if it's safe to leave them alone for a few minutes. Use the bathroom in the quiet moments, instead of waiting until you are about to burst. You will be better at everything if you are not needy.
9. Name a word or phrase that you despise (and the reason behind it, if you happen to know).
CLEAR VELLUM ENVELOPES: Paper and More
There will be other difficulties involved in amateur bomb-making. In contrast with military or industrial explosive systems, in which explosive substances and components have properties and interactions which are known with precision, amateur bomb-builders will be dealing with self-devised systems in which a) the purity of chemical substances, b) the amounts and relative positions of explosive components, c) the interactions between primaries, secondaries, and tertiaries, and d) the reliability of detonation systems will have to be tested to ensure that one has produced a viable explosive system. Accordingly, experimentation will be required, and it will be obvious that this will have to take place in isolated areas if terrorist plotters are to avoid detection by the authorities. Muslims are not only overwhelmingly concentrated in urban areas, but, as we have noted, already stick out like a sore thumb in rural areas unless they happen to be white converts. This increases the importance of such locations as Pakistan and Somalia to Muslim terrorists. However, visiting such places to receive training presents its own problems, which range from being flagged by the Pakistani, British, or American security services to having one’s stay in the motherland cut short by a Hellfire missile. Moreover, the high failure rate of graduates of these camps in actually trying to build viable devices suggests that tuition therein is often not really up to scratch.
Sir John Chilcot: We shall break there for lunch….
The incidents with my husband can be seen as a parallel to the ideas of community that Byrne (2008) addresses in her paper. Granted, in my and my husband’s personal lives we are not members of any marginalized group; however, our social networks, as we continue to move to more distant locations and continue to be involved in more disparate activities, can be seen as diasporas themselves. Physical connectedness becomes less important than online connectedness: “Sherry Turkle observed that, as online interactions increasingly move us away from the computer’s information-gathering purpose, the boundaries between real and virtual have become blurred, if not irrelevant” (as cited in Byrne, 2008, p. 19). Given Turkle’s view, the implication of choosing not to be connected is a choice to remove oneself from a community.
ME: I'm sorry folks. I heard that you were unhappy with my service tonight. I apologize.
In brief, if the doctor says you have CFS, he or she really means “we accept the fact you are excessively tired, but don’t know why or what to do about it.”
Iván Meade – "Why is it important/inspirational to you?"
I've already mentioned "Breaking the Law", and where would we be without it? The vocal patterns are so pristine that they truly feel as if they've been engraved into the razor blade on the cover along with the logo and album title. The melodic lead-in guitar pattern is a thing of legend, learned by hundreds of thousands of aspiring six-stringers, and the chugging aggression of the chorus is enough to start a riot in any crowd of inebriated or even sober witnesses. Not to mention the atmosphere on the vocals, and the fact that the whole tune clocks in at around 2 and a half minutes. Concise and mother fucking immortal. "Living After Midnight" is the other giant in the room, with its party rock guitars and chorus that might just as well have been attributed to KISS or the Rolling Stones; but then you've got this 'second string' of semi-legendary tracks that have become regulars in the band's set list throughout the decades. The forceful, airy power metal staple "Rapid Fire" which has been emulated to precision in hundreds of cases; the mid-paced stadium anthem "Metal Gods" with its burly chords and laconic but hooky chorus; the dark grooves of "Grinder" and highway ready "Steeler", both of which would spawn bands using the titles as monikers (as other Priest songs had done in the past).
Of paramount importance is that people keep things in perspective. It is a fucking television program. In the scheme of American history, the Occupy Wall Street movement — and to call it a “movement” would be generous were it not for the fact that my bowels have movements — will carry greater cultural significance than any TV show could ever hope to impart. Perhaps people could just settle the fuck down a bit and quit acting like Hollywood nepotism is a harbinger of a burgeoning totalitarian plutocracy or that the casting agents fended off auditioning actors of color with fire hoses and German shepherds. Chill. The. Fuck. Out.
Mr Coulson was called by Mr Sheridan to give evidence for the defence at the High Court in Glasgow in December 2010.
Secondly, and in any event, the document should have contained a positive obligation on the person being granted power of attorney to provide a full annual accounting of her mothers affairs to her siblings.
Legalized same-sex marriage exists in just eight states and the District of Columbia. In purely political terms, the swing states Obama needs for reelection—Ohio, Virginia, Colorado, and Florida—have all banned gay marriage. Now add North Carolina.
Moral of the story: be humble. People don’t like arrogance, and they’ll try that much more to knock the arrogant off the top. I know how it feels to be knocked off the top!
I am part of a birth board. I joined it sometime during my 10 weeks on bed rest when I was pregnant with my daughter, she is almost four now. This is an amazing group of woman and we all have April 2007 babies. We have bonded together and even when babycenter switch formats and changed our birth board, we all migrated together over to another site and have been there together ever since. we have a sisterhood of around 200 mothers and I feel very close to many of the moms on the board. I have met many of them in real life and absolutely adore them.
He spent all day painting and putting together furniture.....for me.
Man Hunt
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream butter and Biscoff spread until smooth and creamy, 2 to 3 minutes. With mixer on low speed, add 3 cups sugar, whipping cream; mix until light and fluffy. If necessary, gradually add more powdered sugar or whipping cream to reach desired consistency.
Current singing sensation Lady GaGa derived her name from the single “Radio Ga Ga”.
The effectiveness of glasses or other head-mounted light devices is still uncertain, however. A team of researchers at Columbia University reported in the fall of 2002 that the use of a head-mounted light visor yielded only modest improvement in the test subjects’ symptoms of jet lag.
3) Do We Have to Forgive Chris Brown? Something is very, very wrong when a story about Jesus protecting a woman from male violence is being used to protect a violent man from feminist criticism.
I am America’s Wernicke’s area. I reside in that grey area known as cerebral cortex and usually mostly on the left side. I work to help understand language. Like when legislator’s draft laws. I haven’t been used in a while.
Take a gander at new stills of Big‘s couple—Gong Yoo and Lee Min Jung—on an evening date!
But if you want a theme for Sepia Saturday 110 you can put on your own performance with any interpretation of theatre you care to choose. Just post your post on or around Saturday the 28th of January 2012 and add a link to the list below. All I need to say now is, "Tickets please".
But now it’s hard to find a processor that doesn’t have at least two cores. Essentially it means you have two processors on one chip, if you’ll accept the simple answer.
Note 037
Wholeness: If I were writing and recording an album of music, I could achieve a sense of wholeness by having a structure to the album. In classical music, this would be some recognised form, such as a symphony or concerto form. In modern music, a concept album might fit the bill, as would a collection of music that takes the listener on some kind of journey, with a detectable beginning, middle and end. Sergeant Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band, as an album, deals with everyday life, for example. Pink Floyd’s track “Echoes” from the album Meddle, also has a recognisable structure. In painting, I might choose to employ some sort of colour unity by limiting my palette or choosing a recognised colour scheme (see: How To Choose Colours). As a novelist, plots, sub-plots and story arcs for different characters is how I might achieve this B-value. If I were developing a web application, the information architecture would hold the wholeness.
The rising price of cost of goods sold can be explained by the augmenting cost of commodity prices world-wide. However, as demonstrated in the graph below, Coca-Cola stock is riding a positive trend. Investors still have faith that the company will still generate enough of a profit, particularly the economy showing distinct signs of life (the Dow hit a 4-year high today), bolstered by strong manufacturing and consumer reports, to account for the rising price of sugar.
The original set only had a player name and a black and white bust shot of the player, so these elements were mimicked for this card.
I cannot wait to build up my crafty collection....
The little elf characters on the flags are from the transfer sheet found in the high elf blood bowl team box. Except for the knight´s flag, which is hand made.
3/4 cup shredded,chopped kale (cut out the spine)
Our cat "Chk Chk Chk" also hung out for the brewday, but she was pretty lazy. She mostly sat around and whined, occasionally entertaining herself by jumping onto the kegerator, which I try to keep as a sanitary work surface, and leaving muddy paw prints all over it. Damned good-for-nothing cats.
It’s been a long time coming but at last the new skate park in Hollingdean Park, Lynchet Close, is happening! The contract has been awarded to Bendcrete.
“. . . Dr. Bob advocated that members stay in dry places whenever possible. ‘You don’t ask the Lord not to lead you into temptation, then turn around and walk right into it,’ he said.” DR. BOB and the Good Oldtimers, page 281.
What a card: This is the first card issued of Dickie Thon after his horrific beaning during April of 1984. Thon played just five games in 1984, but Topps gave him a card.
"Oh, that'd be my best friend Amy. She let me sleep on her couch this one time when I--"
The coroner calls it an accidental drowning, but Roger has a funny feeling about it. Something’s not right here. So he looks deeper, going so far as to inspect the body himself, and what he finds is shocking. On the back of her neck is a piece of carefully placed synthetic skin, meant to blend in with her real skin. He rips it off to find a small pin prick.
Recently I received an email from them asking ME to share MY studio
… in front of collective passion and resolve of mass people of the grassroots leaders home town, state forces has to retreat, a burning government office building keeps burning like a symbol of public disapproval of an oppressive government
Relaxing in the beech forest, we planned out our next ration period. Instead of carrying nine days of food, we decided to take two days plus a little and head off on a two-day loop. Our new tent groups sorted out all the food we wanted to eat for the next few days while we cooked up some din din.
Food was again so scarce that the people ate wolves, hawks, crows, dogs, and animals that had been dead for some time.
R4-8- sc in each (18)
I didn't get the natural birth I wanted. Not even close. I got a dubbed version of Rosemary's Baby with no subtitles. But I got Zed and he's a fat, happy healthy baby with blue eyes and a smile that slays me. And for that, I'd do it all over again a million trillion zillion times.
After eating right, the next best thing you can do for your heart is to take it on a walk. No literally, go for a walk! It doesn’t take much exercise to lower your risk of heart disease. The American Heart Association recommends just 30 minutes a day on most days to help reduce your risk of heart disease. And we’re not talking about marathon training here either people, it’s something as simple as taking a brisk walk with the girls to catch up instead of your usual weekly lunch date. The point is to get your heart working a little harder than when your sitting at your desk the other 10 hours of the day. Little changes in your life will translate into huge impacts in both your heart and quality of life.
6. The Judge is bias
Schmucker Meister Pils is a clear, yellow-gold with a loose head. I have to say, the initial taste made me wince. It's clean-tasting all right, but with a sweet edge, then the hops come in swiftly with a vaguely bile-like bitterness. It's a bit harsh, though not aggressively so, leaving an unpleasantly acrid finish. To be kind, i thought it might go better with some greasy food, but having another bottle with a BBQ a few days later it fared very badly with spicy, marinaded pork steaks. Not one I'd be in a hurry to try again.
Thirdly, because the die roll is a strong connector with the physical action. Again, this is habit, from playing lots of rpgs, but we have learnt from them that doing things and rolling dice are the same thing. So what slows us down and makes us go “Hmm, my character examines the object in a thoughtful way” is the sense of squib which arises from physically picking up a die and throwing it, and the random sense of outcome also provides squib to not knowing if the scene will reveal something to our character. Without that, we had no reason to posit our characters doing something because physically, our players weren’t doing anything.
Things did not go perfectly in the mousseline department for Jenn and Jennifer. In fact, they both despaired at times of ever coming up with an edible frosting. Read their posts for how not to give up on frosting, even when it's curdling, separating, and all the other sins that mousseline is heir to. It even drove Jenn to ladylike cursing: "$*%&^ $&#*%&!"
The model I had written centered around 3 things.
“We are based in O’Shea’s Irish Bar on Whitworth Street in the Centre of Manchester. 5 minute walk from Piccadilly Railway Station.”
vidya-vinaya-sampanne
Today was less stressful and the kids were fine. Also I have tomorrow off. That makes the world a better place in general. Today I also had a student write something very sweet and profound. The kind of thing that reminds me why I became a teacher, and why I bother with nagging the brats about doing their homework.
Attorney Evolutionist: Goo I appreciate all the true testimony you have presented to this court of Creationists. Now moving right along will you please tell the court what languages you speak?
You Ain't Seen Nothing Yet
I couldn't find any stamps with Starwars so had to print a picture.
Then, there was information that was merely implied. I was given the choice as to whether I wanted to accept this information – or not.
Now, I actually go to sleep at the same time, sack out, and wake up moments before I need to get up and I'm okay with it.
Lest you think that this is the disgruntled whining of a techno-idiot, I want you to know that an IT guy has been holding my hand every step of the way. Not only can't we get answers, it takes a month to get a useless reply.
He refused to comment on whether the Chinese government still considered Australia a safe place for Chinese students to study. The outrage among the students community is still brewing and Fairfax Media understands that more than 3000 students have signed a petition and are considering the option of staging a rally. A Chinese mother from Nanjiang expressed her concern over the safety of her child studying in Australia and she said she was “extremely concerned about the safety issue over there. It breaks my heart to hear about my child’s fear of going home after dark.”
As for Jon, he's just doing his usual: working and reading and hanging out and being a dad. It has been so helpful to have him around to help with potty training! He's changing schedules for a few weeks, but then we hope he will be put permanently on his current shift because it has worked REALLY well for us with school, work, and Kara schedules. If he can keep this shift, we will rarely need a babysitter while I am at work or school, which would be a huge relief.
Troy Davis was executed last night in Georgia for the murder of an off-duty police officer 20 years ago. Was he guilty? A jury said so originally. There was little or no actual physical evidence against Davis. He was clearly there and an array of eye witnesses fingered him as the shooter. Since then, however, at least seven of those witnesses have recanted, most also claiming they had been pressured by police to testify as they had.
Every other week or so I like to feature a business run by a SAHM. This week I asked my friend Laural about being a Pampered Chef consultant. This great company sells high-quality cookware at affordable prices. I just ordered a couple these two items and can’t wait for them to come in.
hiding this immense moon
At this time Dennis called out because the mahatma had passed him by with both the opening of the third eye as well as the music. He whined and looked and acted like a little boy who was being picked on. The mahatma grilled him for maybe ten minutes to the point where Dennis was literally groveling in front of the mahatma begging him for the knowledge. Finally the mahatma reluctantly gave in and dispensed the guru’s knowledge to what I would now call the American untouchable, Dennis.
-Elizabeth
Inspired by Syfy’s popular Saturday Original Movies (Sharktopus, Mega Python Vs Gatoroid), players hunt down and capture a cadre of bizarre monsters to discover the dark secrets of their origins.
Redhook Ale Brewery Copperhook Spring Ale
I think, and hope, she gets some time away. She’s beginning to look rather worn and ill used. She did manage to make me laugh. She was telling the tale of a part time job she’d picked up: One room of a large house per week with the job to be finished in time for the home owners house-guests Easter.
In fact, when the Showgirl and I were courting (why don't people court any more? It's such a dignified practice -- everyone's so busy trying to bed one another, no one has time to court anymore --- but I digress ..) .. where was I?" Oh yeah - when the Showgirl and I were courting, I would invite her over to my place and present a gourmet meal. She used to think I was a god in the kitchen until she discovered my little frozen secret. At first, she was unconvinced about the whole "do your weekly shopping in a store full of freezers" concept. But now she's a convert. Not least because when you have an 11-month old, every second not spent looking after your child or otherwise performing household tasks such as cooking, is time you could be spending in bed. Asleep, people, asleep.
A lower-density plan including the arena, known as the Pacific Plan “would have substantially fewer benefits in terms of affordable housing, and publicly accessible open space, and would not provide a drill track for the LIRR rail yard improvement.”
Roman W. DeSanctisa
In other pointlessness I finally tracked down a cartoon movie I watched as a child that had a huge influence on the movies I make today, I had to find it via google images as all I could remember of the film was the unique ship they flew around in lol! here’s the trailer
Heat oil in a sauce pan,add a teaspoon of sugar and wait till it turns burn.Do not turn with spatula.
This man turbocharged my understanding of Indian cuisine. He showed me that Indian food is about spices and that the sooner I gain real knowledge about such spices the better it will be for me (and those of you who eat my food!).
Note: You can use this recipe to make focaccia bread. Omit the sauce and cheese and add instead some olive oil, slices of garlic and a few sprigs of rosemary. It’s a great starter to any meal.
1/4 cup worchestershire
Raven nails, hair tied the
The snake – 16 inches long and the thickness of a little finger – is now being studied at the Life Sciences Department at China's West Normal University in Nanchang.
Q. Twitter names of members?
But this is what I think the frequencies may be useful for now, in practice of making it I may get overwhelmed and dumb it down so it at least works.In the days of tor, there was many donkeys.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Roll out the puff pastry into a single sheet about 1/2 inch thick; it should be the same size as a 17×14 inch baking sheet. Place the pastry onto the baking sheet, and prick all over with a fork.
anyway, this is what they looked like to begin with:
Dull, achy feeling in lower abdomen, tending toward left side. Like early AF cramping, before the real deal starts. Eased by rest.
Just a moment ago--yet again--I heard another Jesus-sighting story. Our local radio station's morning show (that is on against my will since I share an office with two other people) dropped the story in that ever-so-slightly facetious tone only trained media personnel can achieve between another joke about wardrobe malfunction and the traffic report. It will never cease to annoy me how mainstream media will ignore stories of real apparitions and the grave messages that always come with them and then latch onto ridiculous claims of images of Our Lord or Our Lady appearing on things like grilled cheese sandwiches, cloud formations, superstore receipts, pet fur, on building walls...
From beyond the door came a whisper, like a conjuration. Lizzy saw a shadow recede from the wide gap at the bottom of the dressing room door and her heartbeat kicked up a notch.
Two weeks ago, Amazon issued a press release charting KDP Select's performance during its first month. KDP Select books were borrowed 295,000 times in December, with authors earning $1.70 per borrow. Total earnings for the top ten authors exceeded $70,000. The press release features four authors who each earned four figures.
I did do some changes to the pattern--
3 (8 oz) packages cream cheese, softened
3/4 teaspoon cinnamon
Lets celebrate. Come on now. We all know the words:
We would occasionally meet up at a department store in Oxford Street and chat about some of the authors and collectors he had met. Bill and I collaborated on an article for The Book and Magazine Collector which was my first paid feature. More importantly, he talked about some of the nuts and bolts of doing research, like going to Somerset House to find birth, marriage and death information, or Companies House to try and find information about publishers.
Jenny Lawson realized that the most mortifying moments of our lives—the ones we’d like to pretend never happened—are in fact the ones that define us. In Let’s Pretend This Never Happened, Lawson takes readers on a hilarious journey recalling her bizarre upbringing in rural Texas, her devastatingly awkward high school years, and her relationship with her long-suffering husband, Victor. Chapters include: “Stanley the Magical, Talking Squirrel”; “A Series of Angry Post-It Notes to My Husband”; “My Vagina Is Fine. Thanks for Asking”; “And Then I Snuck a Dead Cuban Alligator on an Airplane.” Pictures with captions (no one would believe these things without proof) accompany the text.
My country has lost 2 more fine young police officers in the line of duty this past week and it tears me up inside. The USA has also lost fine Officers in the past week also, and a part of my soul goes along with a part of my spirit everytime I see another LODD notice come into my e mail inbox. On occassion an LODD is unavoidable such as MVA's when an Officer is hit from behind while on a traffic call and his/her cruiser is pushed forward and into them. I say unavoidable but that's not true, sure they can be avoided but an Officer's mind can only process so much information at one time, and the Lord has not provided the human race with eyes that circle our heads. Even the loss of a moment's concentration can lead to a tragedy , a needless loss of an LE life.
Jessica gave him a photo. “Her name is Sooyoung and i want you to…” Jessica whispered about her plan into the guy’s ear.
I think that it is time that I had another strong coffee.
I have never wanted so much for a week to be over.
I went back to rooting for Cucumber in the tournaments he had left. I barely paid attention to the In The Groove tournament going, and mainly rooted for him with the Dance Dance Revolution Extreme Doubles tournament. That was a hilariously awesome tournament with so many close matches. There ended up being a lot of AAAs (meaning got everything absolutely perfect), and a few upsets. Okay, actually it's kind of hard to describe what the hell happened without being boring, so let's just say Cucumber won that!
Star and angels gave the sign.
When asked whether he has a dream, Joselu says it’s to become a professional footballer in the first division, and hopefully with Madrid, so that he can help his family financially. The interview concludes with Irene asking if he’s “anti” anything, and he responds many things, but none that can be said here, and ends by saying it’s because he’s a big Madrid supporter. Love it, and I hope his dream comes true, both parts of it!
Code and problems
1. Costume vs. Themed: The outfits are going to be themed, so don't look for an over the top costume, however the outfits include a more costume element than my usual outfits. They have to be influenced by the theme without being unwearable as an outfit. EXCEPTION TO THIS RULE any of My Chemical Outfit posts may be as costume as I would like, although I promise they are all outfits I would wear in public.
Step 4: Press the bottom of the folded circle with the hot glue onto the chinese lantern.
Meanwhile, I still want my book back. I still want Fitzhenry and Whiteside to honor the contract they signed. Contracts are not a thing of convenience, to be ignored when a publisher pleases. "Make me," isn't in a professional lexicon...or shouldn't be. If you feel the same, I hope you'll pass this warning along.
These ads are over 25 years old but I'm convinced that if they ran today they would still cut through any commercial break and be equally effective.
Dear polenta,
If you would like to be involved in ANY of these wonderful projects, leave a comment and I’ll help you get in touch with the right people.
3 – Narcisco Rodriguez, I smelt it on my hairdresser and fell in mad love. The pink and black bottle is what she told me
The paper is from K&Company, buttons are from MFT, ribbon is unknown, and the flower is a Prima. Copics were used to color the kitty, and her collar was made with Platinum Stickles. Did you notice the little paw prints on the PP? I thought that they were cute. :)
Catered Class:
I was only trying to impress some girl. It was either the slight paunch or coughing up of cigarette smoke!
The 3 reactors at TVA’s 3,297-megawatt Browns Ferry nuclear plant in Alabama switched over to emergency diesel generators to supply power for the reactors cooling system at 5:30 EDT (22:30 UTC) after storms knocked out transmission lines that supplied power, the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Agency said. More…
I was interested in how the Impressabilities would translate to vellum, so I tried some different ideas, and posted my results for you.
Get out of your comfort zone one baby step at a time. While you are getting ready in the morning (washing your hair, getting dressed) set a goal for yourself to try something new today. Don’t change your whole meal…Just add one new ingredient! Let yourself get excited about it and be proud when you accomplish your goal!
See, on the career of George Anastaplo, various postings on www.anastaplo.wordpress.com, especially his talks, “If You’re as Good as You Look. Why Aren’t You a University of Chicago Professor?” and “First Annual Excellence in Teaching Award: George Anastaplo.” Also posted there are the George Anastaplo entry in the Yale Biographical Dictionary of American Law, the comments about George Anastaplo by Larry Arnhart in his “Darwinian Conservatism” blog, the Bibliography of George Anastaplo, and the remarks made by Keith Cleveland, on behalf of the Basic Program Staff, at the Fifty-five Years Celebration.
Uncontrolled immigration can easily destroy a nation as exemplified by the Korean empire of Balhae (<U+6E24><U+6D77>).
That afternoon, Husseini met an Amal official he knew slightly and told him, 'I'm heading to Libya -- is there anything I can do for you there?' 'No, have a good trip and give my regards to Imam Sadr,' was the reply. Husseini answered, 'Whatever you say, but you might as well know your friend isn't coming back.'
The Flaming Lips: At War with the Mystics - an older one, but I finally started to "get" older Flaming Lips this year. And the first two tracks are something else.
1/4 c Hershey’s cocoa
Marley lit up the joint.
In 2004, when we decided to move to this state, we sold our house for a ridiculous price, bought this property here outright and had a chunk of money left over. I was thrilled! At last we could have have savings! At last, we could start saving for retirement.
4) Sieve bread flour and plain flour into mixture and mix till smooth
River states to the south, and
Eva
Once there, he led me into the shower and placed my hands against the back wall, which apparently was tiled. He kicked my feet apart and back, so that I was "in position". Next,, he slowly walked my hands down the wall so that I was bent over, my ass in the air. I felt him wiggle the butt plug and sighed with relief. The plug had been inside of me for well over 2 hours and my tight little hole was quite tender. My relief, however, was short lived. Within moments, I felt the short, hard tube of an enema bag being inserted and cold water begin to fill my bowel. I whimpered, humiliated. Just when I felt like I would burst, he flow stopped. He swiftly pulled out the tube and just as swiftly replaced it with the plug. I couldn't help myself. I began to cry.
We started this little project back in November. It started with painting the walls with one accent wall and then repainting the accent wall so it was the perfect shade of gray.
Although I say I believe in not consciously looking for love, I also have to say I know what I want in love now, thanks to the relationships I’ve had.
"Slow but steady progress wins the race." ~ Aesop's, "The Tortoise and the Hare"
You may well find that some of the cutting-edge research in many fields is taking place here in Israel. I remember once researching a medical topic and all the top experts came from the Weizmann Institute in Rechovot. A quick check with the editor assured me that they were happy to have an interview with an expert from here as well as others more local to the publication.
The most impressive company there was definitely Kzoom. Beautiful work. Not just a video following you around all day. The use multiple cameramen, HS cameras, wireless microphones, they interview your bridal party, parents, etc and edit it all together into a neatly done little 60-90 minute (I can’t remember which) video. After we saw this, it really got me interested in possibly having somebody record our wedding. I shopped around and most people charge somewhere between $2000-$3000 for this service. After much thinking, neither of us is willing to pay that price tag. You can find someone on craigslist to do it for $700-900 but it won’t be anything fancy nor would it be very nicely edited. My friend Jeremy (from work, not fiance Jeremy) suggested that if you don’t really care so much about editing or quality, that you might just be better off buying a camera and finding a family member or friend to film the ceremony. I think he’s right. I’m still not certain I need/want a video. Pictures may be enough for me.
bluetooth head phones Enjoy your music and answer phone calls with just one click. The ARCTIC SOUND P311 Bluetooth headset is ideal for people on-the-go. Connect it with the UD1 or the UD2 to make it compatible with your notebook and PC as well!, Brand Arctic, Color black, Lightweight and Quiet – High Fidelity Stereo SoundIdeal for Sports and TravelCompatible with iPhone – Mobile Phones – Computers …Microphone – Carrying Case IncludedPowerful Bass and Clear Highs
It’s not enough, for instance, to stop wearing makeup if everyone around you still expects you to do so. If you’re going to have a hard time getting a job or a mate if you’re not toeing the eyeshadow line, you don’t really have much choice after all. Only women who live in very progressive places or whose social circle is primarily progressive people can get away with avoiding that particular edict.
One of the best times of the year to experience this passion first-hand is during October when the annual Iceland Airwaves festival comes to town, squeezing bands into every available space – cafés, museums, small shops; last year FM Belfast even rocked up at a book store. “We feel that the bands
Then I receive a SMS from my step-son: “DEPEND ON IT – GOD KEEPS HIS WORD. DOUBT IS A DEMONIC DETOUR. WHEN YOU GET TO WHERE GOD WANTS YOU TO BE, HIS PROVISION WILL ALREADY BE IN PLACE, NO TURNING BACK“.
Bake in a 350 degree oven for 30-40 minutes until the apples are soft, and you see a thin sauce around the apples. The apples will release their water and make a sauce.
The rest of the DT have made some fabulous creations, so please pop over, and of course, we would love to see your creation. As usual there is a great prize on offer for one lucky winner.
To put this maelstrom of unfact into perspective, we are supposed to believe that the Cabbageeating swine infesting the Smoke fled town with shit streaked breeks when the Bonnie Prince threatened to drop by, kicked the Frogs in the nuts and then lost the bulk of the productive North American land mass; all in 30 years! One thing that we can be sure of though is that
In a little more than a week, I am starting a new job that will take me out of the house again. This post is my statement of intention to not return to being that guy. I am resolved to enter my home as if I'm an explorer, one who has every expectation of discovering all the wonder and creativity and unique joy that I missed while I was away.
Outstanding caregivers act as an advocate on behalf of their clients. Excellent caregivers not only provides the daily care that is needed, but also acts as a facilitator to their clients. This requires the ability to be a good listener, in order to know what their clients needs are and effectively communicating to the client and family.
“In Our Hearts Forever” offers support during a difficult time. The group consists of people who have suffered the same losses and wish to encourage and comfort one another. The May meeting will address “How to Cope with Mother’s Day, Father’s Day and Grandparents’ Day.”
I'm not talking about Primo and me, by the way.
4. Oakland Raiders
- Trattoria Trecolori--chicken fettuccine alfredo & ceasar salad
I discussed this with one YA author who prefers more ‘reality-time’ in the beginning. A few years ago the trend was toward faster immersion, with the story beginning where some strange (paranormal, magical, etc.) event thrusts the protagonist into the new world in the first five pages. Michael Smith’s The Alchemyst comes to mind, and Casandra Clare’s City of Bones. Is that trend shifting? In Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children (which I enjoyed very much) I did feel a disconnect between the longer period of ‘reality’ in the beginning, because the fantasy elements came so much later.
Rest in peace Sandy. Thanks for helping me with my homework and thanks for your friendship and yes …. your love, that was really what it was even though we didn’t know it at the time. I will miss you.
Once upon a time there was an ad agency with two chief creative officers. They had two chiefs because it was a giant agency with giant global clients that proved to be too much for one person to handle.
"But the trouble is the IAAF now have the whole ANC and the whole of South Africa on their backs.
12. Your fears? demystify
Skirt:: gift (loool, all of my things are gifts!)
Oh, that prissy nudge, as if being Lesbian is at once something remarkable, shocking and unnameable, only fit for a sly allusion- but an allusion which no-one will miss. I hate this novel, and this character sometimes. The steady contempt for the Blochs’ Jewishness. I want, in a novel, to have some sympathy, some respect. The elder Marcel is more unsparing of his younger self than of anyone else, and generalises from himself:
It's been around, so I'm not posting something incredibly rare. I mean, what is these days? I've just been enjoying it, so I thought you might, too.
Yeah. Yeah, I guess it IS a good thing she was skinny. Because being fat is soooo unfortunate. And I'm taking up sooooo much room with my 45 inch hips and 42 inch waist and my great, big, HUGE, 13 inch neck! (It's always 13 inches when my trainer measures it. It's weird.)
i know that's not good for any of us, but i thought i couldn't find my way around it.
~A few fun things about our Say~
When the legal team finally settled on a figure, each individual would receive an average of $20 million dollars payout per claim. Multiplied by a total of 336,000 claims that were filed against the U.S. Federal Government, the total payout would come out to a staggering $6.6 trillion dollars.
It is very hard to put everything important, enjoyable things into 24 hours, or exactly 86400 seconds. You can not save any for tomorrow, you must use them on the very day, at the very moment, and you can't go also back to rewrite. Considering one has 8 hours sleeping, 8 hours working and 8 hours relaxing time on a day, mathematically, this 24 hours seems so less, since I need to sleep, and I have to work, thus that 8 hours relaxing is not enough to do all my hobbies. Moreover, that 8 hours in reality is a lot less.
60 John Street (built circa 1900)
the game's afoot
As a result of the heavy commercialization that we have experienced, I believe our generation views commercials as entertainment and little more. I would say less than 5% of my spending is done because I have seen an advertisement. Rather, I have become quite skeptical of commercials because I realize that they are trying to sell you a product. Instead, I rely on customer reviews and word of mouth.
‘The people didn’t say, “Hi, my name is.” They just went their separate ways after the kiss,’ Galdorisi said.
Some people think it took so long for them to recognize Jesus, because they had not yet heard of his resurrection. The disciples of Jesus were in a place of sadness and loss. In sad times, it can be hard to see the good things that surround us. Perhaps, after walking with Jesus for a distance, sharing stories of his life and memories together and then sitting down for a meal; allowed the disciples to begin to see some good. In that moment of Jesus breaking bread all their senses communicated the good news that Jesus was with them. Their eyes saw him, their ears heard his voice, and their noses smelled the sweet fragrance of fresh bread. It is only when Jesus was at the table with them, blesses and breaks the bread, that they finally see him for who he is.
There are too many humans that still think this financial and money system is right and will lAST FOREVER…it will not,it is heading for total collapse and with it widespread turmoil for mankind. Gaia and gods cleansing will be complete, the reality of our 3D world will collapse around us and only those of us that are on the road to redemption will have a chance of survival..it is very difficult to gauge time in the inner worlds and visions can sometimes be extremly hard to pinpoint time wise..but if I had to make an accurate guess I believe that within ten or so years, we will be living in a completely different society in every way..this current reality is rotten and infested with evil, and cannot last against the forces of light and purity that are stacked against it..there is a war going between the forces of light and purity and the forces of corruption and evil.
If it was not for Bradman, Hammond would perhaps be the greatest pre-war batsman in the game, and certainly the greatest of his generation. It was by sheer coincidence that the careers of Hammond and Bradman ran almost parallel to each other in splendid fashion. He established himself firmly as not just Hobbs’ successor as the greatest English batsman but also the finest batsman in the world when, only in his second series (the 1928 Ashes), he shattered the record books by accumulating 905 runs in 5 Tests at 113. He kick-started a great rivalry with the Don when he broke his world record of the highest individual Test score by scoring an unbeaten 336 against New Zealand in 1933. Despite losing six of his best years to war, Hammond scored over 50,000 first class runs and at the time of his retirement, held the world record for most Test runs.
I did nothing to point out that, thought she didn’t know who she was, she seemed to remember me just fine. I guess I slipped through the cracks in her fictitious memory loss saga.
3 cups shredded lettuce
Aimee Williams
All of these memories are mine, I hope memory hasn't twisted too severe. I'm sure the people reading this know of the occasions and the beer I'm speaking about. To them, I raise my glass. All of the shared times, the good beers and the bad ones, to the hangovers and all the greasy breakfasts shared.
I have to say I struggled a bit with the sketch but hope you like it :) You may want to play along and here's where you should head for the current sketch at Card Patterns - http://cardpatterns.blogspot.com/2011/10/sketch-139.html Over there you will get to see lots of inspiring cards from their Design Team :) Happy card making and have a wonderful day, everyone!! I need to go, I'll see you soon.
Classical ballet is an introverted dance. Its choreography requires ample space, and even a solo dancer makes use of the entire stage. The introverted nature of flamenco dancing, on the other hand, is satisfied by an extremely limited space; an entire flamenco dance can be danced in a space no larger than a table top.
Presumably he wasn’t ready to think of himself as retired yet. Maybe he liked the daily regimen of work. Or, with a kid in college, maybe he didn’t think he was in a financial position to retire. But, whatever the reason, he was still holding out some degree of hope to take up his draftsman’s tools again.
Fun @ work builds bridges of trust and respect that logic can never match. It reveals character and ingenuity that powerpoint can't hope to portray and helps us demonstrate our humanity and connectedness in a way that no personality profile, team building exercise or intervention will ever hold a candle to. Quite simply fun @ work is good!
“Don’t you guys have anything better to do,” he asked stalling as he scanned for a way out. The three grinned like ravenous wolves and a chorus of nos went around.
I call it the curl up with band anti rotation. Not the most creative name, but if anyone has a better one I am all ears.
2 tp Xylitol or brown sugar (optional!)
Him: Yes – she’s not pressuring me for anything more serious.
I spent Saturday at the Red Pencil in the Woods Conference nerding out with a a bunch of people who wanted to talk about the future of e-books as I much I do. I was there with Lam, one of my fabulous new colleagues from Girl Friday to lead a discussion group about our group business model. Chatting with all those lonely freelancers made me appreciate anew my good luck at finding the Girls Friday.
As mentioned last time, I had to endure hurricane Irene. While the damage wasn't as bad as it could have been, it was rather tiresome.
By stressing Solomon’s wisdom, the opening chapters of 1 Kings hint at an age to come where the great challenges of human existence will be addressed more effectively than hitherto. And this includes, though it is by no means confined to, issues of justice where we will move from a mechanistic law-based moral economy to a fluid wisdom-based approach.
I was met with cheers and applause!! We got home and got out the popcorn popper and oil and popcorn. The kids got their step stools. Zach helped pour the oil, Teagan helped measure the corn. We flipped on the machine and waited for the pop show to start. I filled bowls with popcorn- disappointed that I couldn't find our special popcorn bowls. Got out the popcorn seasonings- cheddar cheese and ranch. The kids wanted both seasonings on their popcorn so we went hog wild sprinkling them on. Then we sat around in the living room and watched Wonder Pets, happily munching on our whole grain dinner.
Nothing touched me in High School as much as Hesse’s Narcissus and Goldmund. I enjoyed the book at the time without, of course, really understanding it completely. Will I ever? And now, looking back I think I see some similarities in my own life, or better put; my own efforts to find my place.
I then kept the yoghurt sauce simple, but with a beautiful balance of flavours. The toasted, lightly crushed cumin and fennel seeds offer up a smoky warmth with a hint of aniseed, and the coriander adds the clean, fresh, herby taste to the sauce. The addition of the tamarind-date chutney and the chaat masala add sweet-salty-tangy flavours, and the hot chilli powder offers up the hint of spice that just brings the whole dish together so well.
9/21: Denver, CO @ Larimer Lounge*
2-8 The Idea Of Decline 4:24
our babies arrived not by stork
The Spaniard Berreo's initial attempt for the Golden City had been disastrously cut short; but he was still determined to find it. Ralegh was determined to find it first. He had sent out a reconnaisance party late in the previous year under his 'most honest and valiant' Captain, Jacob Whiddon. It had never reached the mainland, for some of them were hospitably invited ashore at Trinidad by Berreo, and then murdered in cold blood. As England and Spain were still openly at war, he doubtless felt his treachery a justifiable hint to the English that they were not welcome.
Today I would like to speak on a subject which is very relevant to our times: the end of the world; more particularly, the signs being fulfilled in our times which point to the end of the world.
In Going the Distance, Erin (Drew Barrymore) meets Garrett (Justin Long) over a beer and they hit it off. But Erin is moving away in couple of months, so they agree to keep it casual. A totally uncomplicated fun summer fling. Too bad they end up falling in love, which of course complicates things. So when Erin moves, they decide to stay together and do the long distance thing. But is that really possible? Or are they totally fooling themselves?
My usual perception of street and bus performers are people with strong needs for money. In Montevideo I was very surprised to see lots of street singers and performers that, from their appearance, seemed to be average people doing it just for fun. And they were really good!
Arthur Joseph Jones, 37, Ossining, N.Y.
Here Mal is getting her new Signature Series TC idea book signed!
Time for me to go start picking ties apart. Going to be a good thing to do tomorrow while I watch the Rose Parade on TV!
It was a perfect day yesterday, we of course couldn't sleep in we have church at 9:00 a.m. so my sweet hubby got up and started some Banana/Strawberry pancakes. I enjoyed cooking beside him, I know he wanted to just do it himself so I am grateful he allowed me to join him while the morning was quiet and I could get me some hubby time.
10. CBTL offers the ice blended drink! Buy two, get one free. Yey! :)
Oil- 2 1/2 tbsp
Friday was the big day, and I'd already decided to make it a dry run for any future occasion when I'd be called upon to dress up, like a Christmas do or an evening soiree. I now had the Lady Shoes With Heels, the ancient historical and hand-me-down dresses from Lola II's friend, and I'd bought tights. The technology of tights has come on a long way since the last time I bought any, which would easily have been 15 years ago. That's probably all I'm going to say, other than both fit and performance are vastly improved.
I will accept Atonement for myself,
Rich died Tuesday at her Santa Cruz home from complications from rheumatoid arthritis, said her son, Pablo Conrad. She had lived in Santa Cruz since the 1980s.
It is Menu Plan Monday! This is what we hope to eat this week :)
Some of you have found my blog posts with Google searches. A simple search like, “change default font word 2007,” can yield several sites explaining exactly what I explain in this post. It’s not rocket science, yet many people don’t immediately think of it.
1. Cover your buttons with fabric
Zulily claims to offer top-quality apparel, gear and other goodies for moms, babies and kids. But is it a legit shopping club or scam/fraud?
MEDIUM TERM: DOW/NAZ confirmed downtrends, SPX/NDX have not
Stamps: Unity - frames in the house
It would be completely disingenuous for me to delete those projects and act as if they never happened. After all - I made them and liked them at one point. They are a part of the growing process, BUT - that doesn't mean I can't try to make things right - right?!
She set up the restaurant with Ruth Rogers in 1987.
Finally to mention the stunning poses from Glitterati. While the first and last are from different sets, but I’m also showing poses from the new ‘Hips’ release which will be available later today. Katey Coppola has thought this through carefully, including the same poses to suit the ‘modelesque’ avie, the avie with ‘junk in the trunk’ and a happy medium. That kind of forethought is bound to make for very happy customers.
In 1919 two of the islands were declared ancient monument areas and care has been taken since to look after the fortifications and preserve their history. Suomenlinna subsequently housed units of the Finnish army and the submarine fleet and served in Finland's air defence during World War II. In 1973 the islands were turned over the civil administration to be maintained as a historic monument as well as a thriving residential community that includes many artists.
On a hot day in Richmond its so nice to be able to dash into any store and enjoy their air conditioning ... and how I love the marble floors in Saks, so handy for a super quick cool down ... and the sofa at Anthropology, let's just say its a good place for a quick nap or to hang with dad when mom disappears for hours (or so it feels like) ... and to all the shoppe keepers who know me by name and offer me treats, love ya!
Since then I've had no strength or vigor
I've also done a bit of scrapbooking here and there, yay! I kind of wish I could wave a magic wand and be caught up with my scrapbooks but until I invent that magic wand, I'll just have to slog through the slow way. That said, I don't want to do digital scrapbooking...I like the process with real paper and photos. And I think I already spend too much time on the computer, I like to get away from it.
Given the logic of the Minister’s comments in the Dáil last week, section 4 should be deleted and should only be re-inserted after the enthusiastically awaited Scandinavian model of child care is in place in December. Goodness me, we might even support her implementation of some of these measures at that point, but there is no justification or logic for implementing them prior to that time. On their own, they can have no other effect but to drive lone parents out of the workforce and into full dependency on social welfare.
3. The Odds Against Christmas
“Eh?”Yoochun look up at his wife. “N, not at all. I love it. Thank you, baby.”
Cicero tried to reply but I cut him off, with a swift cut of my hand through the air, “What’s more, you don’t seem to want this case to be solved at all! Surely you of all people would know that the killer could be at loose at this very moment, hidden within these very walls. Do you want me to solve the case or not?”
I’m gonna let it shine
"Come here," he said in a kind of conspiratorial whisper- careful not to let my mother hear him.
Routes any eight computers to any eight monitors with full cross-point capability, supporting resolutions up to 3840×2400.
And lead thee hence through the eternal place,
I probably should have thrown them away....but I didn't....
However extravagant, also shy,
So there I stood at Karwar beach at 7:10pm, having cycled 180k that day about 525 in all, with no place to sleep yet. There was an immense sense of achievement as the waves washed over my feet and the wheels of the bicycle. I had managed to make it all the way to the coast. My bicycle had touched the sea.
We pulled away from the rink and headed down Milwaukee Ave (apparently in the wrong direction). Surely, we thought, we would run into a strip mall with an Outback Steakhouse or a Chili’s (with a pleasant little bar. You know, hockey games are at their very best when fueled with alcohol), but the more we drove, the less we saw. We’re not quitters, but I was about to give up hope of ever finding a glass of Pino Grigio. As we wound our way back to the rink, Chuck spotted a sports lounge, which sounded promising.
1) Look at the list and make those you have read bold.
At this point in my father’s story his Studebaker had just about reached the corner of Broad and Walnut in Center City Philadelphia. The Bellevue-Stratford stood there, still a few years before it became notorious for something called “legionnaire’s disease.”
producedbystatic@gmail.com
President Yeo is upset with Lee Gak who ran out in the middle of signing purchase agreement after receiving the call from Park Ha. She finally comes to the rooftop apartment, and orders Park Ha to leave.
One observer is quoted as saying that the "easiest way for the police to reduce the crime rate is simply to do nothing but record only those crimes where a case number is absolutely mandatory".
11) AN 84-YEAR-OLD ex-university official savagely attacked by four young punks during a walk in Wissahickon Valley Park earlier this week theorizes that the beating he endured was a cruel game of "get the old geezer."
Here is some more stripedy eye candy to look at while you wait.
I know I am restless and make others so,
5. What 's the best experience you've ever had in your lifetime?
Starting with a wonderful loaf of going-stale bakery bread, I put together a recipe that I know will make its way into my breakfast repertoire on special occasions. When, I have a breakfast/brunch menu consisting of the usual sweet options (scones, muffins, fruit etc.), I plan on using this recipe to balance and offer guests a surprising and delightful twist on a classic.
Lowpin' and flingin' on a cummock (jumping and capering on a staff),
To end with, here are a few facts and figures:
Size of baby: A lemon...about 3.5 inches long, and he or she just about doubled in size since last week!
the beautiful and wondrous crown of Omnipresent renown.
Perhaps I am. Perhaps indeed I am. Here you must decide for me.
As it turns out, it only took 1 search with Google to find out he was actually putting the money where the settlement said it should go. ZeroHedge has a nice little breakdown of how the settlement money is divided.
– This delicious all-natural dental care treat lets your dog clean his teeth while he eats. Brushing your dog's teeth can be a real battle, so it's no wonder people (and dogs!) love this product. It freshens your dog's breath and helps discourage plaque and tartar from forming without wrestling with a doggy toothbrush.
Life’s greatest purpose is immersing your great spirit into the realm of duality (light and dark, wisdom and arrogance, etc) and finding your way out of it.
I'm very much into Dragon Quest mode right now. Today Dragon Quest 6 DS has come out to North America for the first time! I've already played it in Japanese but it would be nice to see the things I missed that my walkthrough didn't cover, though I heard it already covered a few critical things, such as involving a death of someone. In any case, I have my Dragon Quest 6 game coming to me from Amazon with free two day shipping, but unfortunately their idea of two days is one more than two... Estimated date delivery is this Thursday. I suppose while today is the release date, it isn't to be sold till tomorrow and thus it is accurate, but still is annoying.
...enjoy crappy reality television - probably more than I should.
bloody no God,
Yes. Because only male dogs sniff my crotch.
Well it's been very quiet here on the homefront...you can tell fall is sneaking in and leaving us confused as to why Starbucks was offering pumpkin spiced lattes at the eng of August (I'm not complaining, just an observation), and why I have been wearing boots & sweaters all week and it's just days past Labor Day. Well, apparently summer came and went, what felt like overnight. Literally.
Which I think is pretty good, don't you? I thought only ds2 would participate, so wasn't expecting to make three boxes, but the results are great. We haven't blown the eggs to go inside yet. I'm waiting for a good time to be enthused about egg-blowing. But perhaps there never is a good time to be enthused about egg-blowing...
She sat down where she stood and with head bent forward held Tilly up to cover her eyes. She didn’t want to see anymore. Not the awful letters traced through frosted windows. Not the worse faces behind the awful letters. The eyes were so angry and the mouths twisted in accusation. She may have been only seven but she knew that they hated her and she knew exactly why. Small heart twisted as if a fist the size of her father’s was squeezed tight around it as she wished that she could explain to them that it wasn’t her fault. She didn’t want to come outside and taunt them with the fact that they couldn’t. If it were up to her she would stay trapped behind a window all day just like them. All she wanted was to be like them, to have them not hate her. But all she had was Tilly, outside and the friends she made up in her dreams day and otherwise.
was reportedly sold to the
12603
You see, I think the only reason Morgan goes to the door with Jarod to deliver the eggs, is simply to race him back to the truck. It would be interesting to see how many hand print dents I have in the side of my truck.
The 2012 production of My Mama Monologues at the beautiful Sharp Auditorium in the Denver Art Museum is just a few days away. Don’t miss your opportunity to see this unique production. Stories will be presented about moms that were unflappable, moms who struggled and moms who soared. You will also see heartwarming stories about relationships that were redeemed and opportunities to say goodbye. A sneak preview of Kirk Montgomery’s story is on our Facebook page at facebook.com/MyMamaMonologuesDenver.
CS~SU!
Thank you for believing in the power of love. And for teaching me to believe in it too.
And stopped hiding
“Just as the Indian was branded a savage beast to justify his exploitation, so those who sought social reform were branded communists to justify their persecution.” (Gleijeses, Politics and Culture in Guatemala, Michigan, 1988, p.392)
When the alarm went off this morning at 5:00, I thought aaw man I set my alarm and its Saturday. I laid there for a moment and my head cleared and I thought for a minute "is it Saturday?" Waaagh no it wasnt. Oh my gosh, of course my mind was actually saying "WTF". But I dont want to type that. Yes, I try to be a good person, but I slip.
I'm laughing to myself in an 'are you kidding?' kind of way. It's basically a case of "We don't really have what you want, but we're just going to make what we feel like and give it to you anyway." I got a highball of gin and sweet vermouth with a straw. Mine wasn't the only adlib-recipe. I'm still working on my backlog of bars for which I lost photos and notes, but if I remember correctly, Kim ordered something without tonic that arrived blatantly boasting tonic. I believe this lack of attention to detail will set you back about 10 Euros a drink. The barman did show follow-through in coming over to ask how I liked my drink and was sincerely curious and non-defensive when I explained how I would have done it differently.
*Began having interest in basketball, soccer, baseball and golf
long noses
Sooooooo....we finish up and walk out to the lot. I think I mentioned that this place was HUGE...I'm not exagerating (sp?). We walk and he's stopping to take pictures of all the older RV's while I'm shivering behind him. We get to this one that he had seen on the website and he is excitedly walking around it snapping pictures while I'm standing between two RV's trying to keep the wind from blowing me away. (I'm a big girl so it tells u how windy it would have to be to blow me away). He tells me to go back to the car and wait and he'll meet me there later. So without further ado, I shivered my way back to the car.
I arrived back at the airport a bit before 10 a.m. Got my bags and caught the free shuttle bus to Bewley’s. I checked in, dropped my bags in my room and popped down to the lobby for a bite to each, a few pints and a good old run at the free wi-fi that Bewley’s provide (and *why* don’t *more* hotels and facilities provide free wi-fi. I mean, in this day and age…).
"For General Motors, a good deal of the company’s recovery from its brush with bankruptcy is riding on the Chevrolet Volt (Opel or Vauxhall Ampera in Europe), its plug-in hybrid electric vehicle launched a year ago. Not that GM expects the sleek four-seater to be a cash cow. Indeed, the car company loses money on every one it makes. But the $41,000 (before tax breaks) Chevy Volt is a “halo” car designed to show the world what GM is capable of, and to lure customers into dealers’ showrooms—to marvel at the vehicle’s ingenious technology and its fuel economy of 60 miles per gallon (3.9litres/100km)—and then to drive off in one or other of GM’s bread-and-butter models."Stated otherwise, the "Volt" brand is being promoted no less for the broader message that the brand is intended to convey about the technological capabilities of a reborn General Motors than for the the direct sales potential of the model (at least for the foreseeable future, which remains uncertain). While the Volt is not exactly a loss-leader, I am sure that GM wants to make a lot of money on this vehicle, if for no other reason than the costs of bringing a new car model to market. Still, the current tribulations of the Volt car point to the fact that GE cannot really allow customer perception of the vehicle as a symbol of the company's technological prowess, even if the model itself is not directly contributing to the company's bottom line.
Finally! We get a beer description!!! YAY!! Oh.. wait! We're lacking a little in the flavor descriptions.... What Hop flavors and aromas does the hop bring to the beer? Are the malt flavors fruity? caramel? Nutty? Roasty, chocolatey, etc? Sweet like Cola or Chocolate? Which one? All in all, not bad description. Doesn't a little green in the bottle basically mean... Bottled too soon or are you trying to say the beer needs to maturate in the bottle?
Never mind the stupid morality arguments and the dubious health ‘risks’ that don’t even begin to be as ‘risky’ as smoking tobacco or drinking alcohol, or eating too much salt or sugar…
DP with circle patterns was a RAK from B....
Women’s Rights
And I repeat: I have realised that my first-born son at least is no longer a baby.
This session is designed for experienced Chi Runners who are looking for help refining their technique. The session will include drills designed to cover efficient lean, forward momentum using the lean, pelvic rotation and speed. Questions regarding other aspects of the technique will be welcomed and answered during the session.
Fuck yeah Mayhem
America’s Got Talent starts tonight…or as I like to call it, America Ain’t Got No Mother F**kin’ Talent. It’s like Ted Mack’s Amateur Hour, only worse. I still watch it though. Kind of like the same way that I watch horrible car accidents on the freeway or people jumping out of burning buildings. This year is will be quit horrid. Why? Well, it’s bad enough that Howie Mandel is a judge, but now…ugh…Howard Stern is a judge.
Private Bag X828
from beyond the moon, or the Milky Way,
One of the rules that has been brought up more than once now, and which is a topic of great debate in the forums, is this: don’t use adverbs. This must be a good rule since everyone repeats it. After all, we all know that Stephen King dislikes adverbs above all other parts of speech, saying that the road to hell is paved with them. Or something like that.
I think that does it for this card. It is a simple greeting that I can't wait to share with a little goody bag once Halloween gets here. As always, everything I used here is SU! so please contact me about ordering or general product info. have a great Saturday!
If, however, you receive real feedback from an agent that actually sparks something in you or helps you "see the light," for lack of better phrasing, I think it's definitely nice for an agent to hear that her advice was helpful, and something simple is all you need.
She's in my list because of her gift of hospitality. She was a great hostess, and her house in Laurel Canyon was a magnet for musicians. Legend had it that David Crosby, Steven Stills and Graham Nash met at Cass Elliot's and sang together for the first time. Neil Young was always there. Joni Mitchell met Graham Nash at Cass's place. It can be argued that the whole West Coast music scene had its roots in Cass's home. It may have taken David Geffen's Asylum Records to bring the music to a worldwide audience, but it all began at Cass's.
Political donations are also very unevenly distributed, considerably above the 80-20 rule. The problem from a political perspective is that donations buy influence and such influence is very unevenly distributed, which does not seem to be following the democratic ideals of the one-person, one-vote principle of equal representation.
April 18th: Bloomington Brewing tapping party starting at 8 pm
And this doesn’t really fit in here, but I have to make you hungry, you know. We finally made it to the Matthews Community Farmers’ Market this morning, so it seemed appropriate for Miss Chef to work on her omelet skills again.
He lives, my kind, wise heav'nly Friend.
After searching their site, I seen beautiful handbags, beautiful necklaces, lovely earrings, and stunning bracelets, I stumbled upon the Garnet Bead Bracelet and fell in love with immediately.
A lot of people keep asking "so how are you holding up?" like I should be in some state of panic and depression and feeling overwhelmed. Trust me, I get overwhelmed sometimes but the transition has been great. I was made to be a mom to these 3 precious blessings. I feel full and complete. Yeah life needs to be more organized and things more scheduled but thats the life while having littles.
He looked at her, the way he always looked at her. She looked away, as she always did, but for a different reason. I don’t know you anymore, this was all a lie. She felt sick. The pain in her gut slowly rose, choking her from inside. She felt the tears fighting to freedom.
Oh dear a valid argument. So a plan needs to be made. Her car has no petrol so she will have to hitch into town. She has done this many times before, but never at this time of day. Walks briskly down the road towards the end of the village where all the hikers stand. But a mere block from her house she hears a car coming behind her and sticks out her thumb and voila she has a lift to town.
US Simcoe 12.7 % 0.50 oz 5.4 Loose Pellet Hops 5 Min From End
This is a drink that I remember my mom making for us before bed. It is a simple flavored milk, that I am happy to give my son. I typically serve this in the morning or before bed, but you can enjoy it anytime. This is also a great way to use bananas that are a bit past their prime (we are pretty picky banana eaters in our house, once they are speckled brown we don't usually eat them whole). You can warm your milk during the cooler months for a delicious warm drink.
This would still be inferior compared to just receiving the Host with a paten under your chin. We are talking about liquid here; it goes EVERYWHERE.
2.) Is it too expensive ?
Geraldine, the instructor, is fantastic! So supportive and welcoming, she made it clear that she would make sure I understoof everything... which surprisingly I did! There were a couple times when I didn't fully get the excerise I 'd just copy the guy next to me and pray she didn't ask me to go first! But overall, I loved the friendly open environment, the chance to be surrounded by locals with similar interests as me (as opposed to being known as "that actor girl" by all the ISA people), and the sense of having made a really brave, proactive decision to invest in some more invaluable life skills.
The benefits of taking up Karate are tremendous. Joining a dojo (training hall) can lead to making friends and a great sense of camaraderie can be gained as you commence your journey at white belt and progress through your journey with the prestigious ultimate reward of black belt being in your sights.
Later on, we walked around rainy Cranborne before finding shelter in the lovely old church. Along the church path, a very vocal black cat sat waiting on the window sill of this thatched cottage. He wanted to be let in out of the rain, but no one was listening.
I, obviously, count that as work. What "counts" as "real work" is a sensitive issue for me, and not just because of the gender thing. What really rubs me the wrong way is when people insist that the arts don't count as work, that writing doesn't count as work, that anything you don't get paid for doesn't count as work.
Nellie staid up to Grandma’s tonight to take her music lesson.
In the Fraction Rite, the celebrant breaks the consecrated bread as the people sing the Agnus Dei or "Lamb of God." John the Baptist proclaimed Jesus as "the Lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world" (Jn 1:29). The action of breaking the bread recalls the actions of Jesus at the Last Supper, when he broke the bread before giving it to his disciples. One of the earliest names for the Eucharistic celebration is the breaking of the bread.
to imagine himself turning into hydrogen.
Percilla
Official gallery
DOWNLOAD YOUR FREE ACHERON LIVE CD RIGHT HERE!
Heart Crazy on you US
Efforts, did He say? Doesn’t He sound human when He says this?
AND WITH EVERY BITE U HAVE A SUPRISE OF AN M & M OR OREO COOKIE OR HAZLENUT OR BUTTERSCOTCH.........
1) The ability to destroy an entire country with the push of a button.
4) Stop checking Amazon's rankings for my novels. Do I really want to know that353,194 books are selling better than mine today? No, I don't.
At this point I want to keep my Gooner readers happy and give The Arsenal a shout-out. They have epitomised team spirit for me this season, they have been a joy to watch. If I had to choose one team from the Premier League who are really enjoying playing the game, it would be the North Londoners in red. They all seem to have a smile on their face, and a spring in their step, and for that I applaud them.
As the season draws on, Mitchell's aura of coolness is replaced by the stench of desperation, and the acts he becomes willing to commit in order to save himself grow more and more off-putting. When George and Nina befriend McNair and Tom, father and son werewolves, Mitchell fixates on the older man, who has a chip on his shoulder about vampires, as his potential killer, and sells him to local vampires as the star attraction in a lethal circus act. When Herrick, brought back to life at the end of the second season, shows up on the family's doorstep with no memory of who or what he is, Mitchell becomes obsessed with learning the secret of his resurrection, to which end he tortures Herrick, and very nearly feeds him an innocent woman.
So the doctors ran tests and used drugs to try to minimize the damage to his heart and brain but unfortuntaley they were unsuccessful. My stepmother and I decided that in order to follow my father's wishes we had the all of the 13 drugs and the ventilator and breathing tube removed. He was started on morphine for comfort.
89. The Tattooist
7. And they will never invoke it because of what their hands have sent before; and Allah is Cognizant of the unjust.
But to top it off, I have to admit something. Something I'm ashamed to tell you because a dear friend gave this as a gift to me. Someone who reads this blog. He gave me something I loved and treasured very much and as soon as I get back through this year, I will buy again. My liveScribe pen was taken and my students and I have isolated it down to a 5 minute period when it went missing.
Judah wet his pants. He stood up off the couch, and I noticed that he was wet and asked if he had peed his pants. I made him go upstairs and change his clothes, and when he returned, we picked up where we had left off. About twenty minutes later, he had peed his pants again. I guess the voodoo doctor was a bit much for him. I had even asked a ton of people if this movie was scary or appropriate for a four year old, and everyone said Judah would like it. WRONG.
Other: Gold Stickles following swirly pattern in corner and on star, star and oval cut with cricut
Cleveland’s strongly held, but long forgotten, Jeffersonian ideals promoting the idea that the government should stay out of the lives of the people have died away in our modern era. But what have been the fruits of government paternalism? Trillions wasted on anti-poverty programs that have not solved the problem of poverty, and trillions given to business for bailouts and job creation, which has created no prosperity nor solved the financial crisis.
It’s true, I was more possessed by the spirit of wonder and joy in those days. I could afford to be, living in that idyllic bubble in that small college town in the middle of a flatlands nowhere, surrounded by adoring fans of music I didn’t even know I had within me. Women, for the first time in my life, to quote the old Rogers and Hammerstein’s song, saw me as “Something Wonderful.” Surprisingly, they even wanted to fuck me! Almost everything I attempted, worked.
Last Thursday I went to a walk-in clinic because I had been sick with a cold for two weeks and was worried it was tuning into pneumonia. And as an add on, I mentioned I had a 'floater' in my eye. The doctor said my cold was almost finished, but she was worried about the floater, and sent me to an ophthalmologist.
Thanks for visiting today!
My first recital is indelibly written in my memory and preserved on film as well. I can still remember my knees shaking and am thankful that no video or audio recording remains! I made it through the piece but only because Mrs. Rumberg relinquished at the last minute and allowed me to use my music.
The Hinds House now and close to when it was originally built.
Those provisions make mismanagement of a company an offence. It is literally impossible to manage or direct the affairs of a multi-billion dollar company in the absence of audited accounts. So there must be serious concerns as to how the Directors of those State Enterprises without accounts could have properly discharged their obligations under S. 99 (1).
Giving it a shape and a new face with glow,
She then phoned her brother, Jan de Wet jnr, who farms near Belfast.
“Kirk’s a Buckeye through and through. He’s always been there for us, for the school and the team. He just does everything right. He represents himself and the university well. He always knows what to say and how to say it.”
But is this not closer to what it feels like to be alive today? For are there not so many people like us in the world, our doubles and triples? Variations on a series of themes? Might it not be possible to find someone else with nearly the same Facebook profile as you, who likes the same music, the same books, the same politics? The world multiplies permutations on a series of themes. And in today’s multi-mediascape, might we not encounter our doubles or triples at some point? Can we trust them? And can my favorite novels trust the favorite movies of my close friend that I’ve known for years?
-scrap paper (I used scrapbook paper) and cut them into long thin strips )about 2 x 6 inches. Use lots of different coordinating designs and colors. Have fun with this!
Public holidays have always been days that seem to allow me to get more done than any other…. So it made sense to make tomorrow the final day, and make it a big one….
She had a project today to work on her Valentine's Day Box. I remember doing this as a kid, but don't remember mine every being all that special....so when Jovie asked if we could make hers more than a box, I agreed. In all honesty, anything that will keep her busy and entertained right now I am all for!
Am I an aspiring writer? I have written 4 books, rewritten them, and will continue rewriting them until they are perfected.
I discovered the PERC (Parents Education Resource Center) at my local library yesterday. It's a small room in the basement of the library crammed FULL of toys, games, and educational materials. I really mean crammed and I really mean full. It was overwhelming. I'm quite certain they've saved decades of educational materials and I'm extremely excited to dig around for flannel boards and file folder games to fit my lessons perfectly (and those just to get started...).
I understand the sentiment. Too many LGBTQ youth have turned to a trusted adult to come out or express concerns and been strongly rejected and bashed. Kids being kicked out of their homes, being told they will go to hell, being disowned. I get it. I've had gay friends be very deeply hurt by the church where they thought they were loved. I've had gay friends get bashed with Christianity as the driving force behind the hatred. I was raised being taught that homosexuality was a sin, it was wrong, it was disgusting. That never made sense to me when I stopped and started to really think about God. I believe in a loving God. I believe that God has a plan for each of us. I believe that God created each of us in love. I believe that God doesn't make mistakes. I believe that God is the only judge. I believe that God's purpose for my life is to focus on love. I believe that God loves all people- no matter who they are, what they've done, what they look like or what they believe. I believe that God is bigger and mightier than anything I can comprehend and that I don't need to have all the answers but that the few answers I have are enough.
Sanctify them in the truth; your word is truth. John 17:17
That was four months ago. That call never came.
Restrain yourself from moving your legs too much when you swing. You do not need to rely on legs to get the torque needed for a strong shot; understand that the legs help you shift your power but the torque comes primarily from your wrists.
So you can see why I wanted the perfect nude pump, but only in my price range. Never in a million years did I dream that I would find, in my exact size, some gorgeous Aldo MOOS pumps in Natural (going for $75 plus shipping on their website), brand-new looking, at my local thrift store for $6. Yup, you heard right. Six. Dollars. I'm one happy girl. The Thrift Store gods smiled upon me.
Hello loves and happy Sunday! I haven't done a Fun Sunday in a while now and that's mainly because I find it hard to come up with something interesting every week. But this week I'm really excited to show you what I've been doing in my free time (well besides nails obviously) for the last few weeks. I've seen this done on a few blogs and wanted to try it. A month or so ago I finally found a Romanian supplier that had what I needed, so I got to work. I won't write a tutorial just because there are already good ones out there and I just followed them. This one from Rebecca likes nails and this one by Chalkboard Nails are great.
Supported markup languages: HTML, XHTML, WML
Prophet Temitope Balogun Joshua is not new to such prophesies as he prophesized Nigeria’s failure to qualify for the 2012 Gabon/Equatorial Guinea African Cup of Nations, Zambia’s triumph in the 2012 AFCON, Asamoah Gyan’s last minute penalty miss during the 2010 World Cup and a host of others.
Anything and everything goes. It isn't afraid to experiment. Yes, sometimes it fails, but mostly, when this happens, the fails are still more spectacular than a thousand lycraed muscle men hitting each other.
Earl Nightingale the radio legend. In his book The strange secret, why do some people do so very well in life and live so very successful why others do not. The majority of the people live both they are successful part of the time and not so well in other time you have heard of the saying “it is too good to last” this is this is true if we live by chance it is untrue if we live by the rules of success in everything we do.” (Earl Nightingale 1887),
This “park” is not a park, it is “only” the mountain which is the borderline of Bogota. These mountains actually constrain that Bogota would grew more to this side. Anyway we went to a small door and we found ourselve in another world. We started to walk up the mountains, which actually was a really good workout and up the mountains we obtained a great view of the city and of course we gained a lot of fresh air.
“Where, how did I…”
Afterwards our judge, Mary Fitzgerald, talked with us and it was nice. We got to ask her questions about the case and just about law in general. She was very personable. I even received a letter of thanks from her on Saturday! So overall, my Civic Responsibility was a success and defiantly not as awful as I thought it would be. I do wish that I was on a criminal case, it would be way more interesting I think. So, with all that, if you get picked for jury duty, I hope your experience goes as well as mine did. Not only did I enjoy seeing how law works, I also got to meet some great people along the way.
1) Primary fermentation in glass at 72F for 5-6 days.
Right now I am trying to decide the 'value' of cold cereal (Willy Wonka: Do you have any idea what breakfast cereal's made of? It's those little curly wooden shavings you find in pencil sharpeners.). As a Diabetic, it has very little value to me personally & if you uncover the origins of it all you will see how cold cereal is an American-ish twist totally in the wrong direction of what was a rather good idea before we got to it: mixed grains, fruit, & a protein. 'Yeah-but', emotionally I love cereal, so do the kids, and my homemade ginger snap granola (which is very good) is not a substitute for Frosted Mini Wheat's. Here is the thing, if you get rid of say delicious Frosted Mini Wheat's you open your mornings to creative alternatives like zucchini muffins, cornmeal pancakes, homemade sweet rolls... It isn't about what you are giving up, it is about what you are making room for: a rather indulgent restriction if I may...
This Friday, May 4th he is hosting an opening reception from 7-?. He has asked Mercy Teague and me to give a poetry reading starting at 8. The reception details are here.
Kudos to Najib and his administration.
Inappropriate stress response will affect the hormonal balance in the adrenals due to chronic stress exposure, with prolonged cortisol elevations and excess estrogen in the blood, since the liver has a decreased ability to filter them.
Of course, once I started reading the recipe, I got a bit nervous. Pistachios? In dessert? I seriously contemplated swapping pistachios for something else, but Eric insisted that we needed to go big or go home with this recipe. So I reluctantly purchased a $10 can of pistachios (seriously, why are nuts so expensive?). Let me tell you, these things are awesome. Hands down, the best biscotti I’ve ever eaten. The pistachios are perfect. And we got enough nuts in that $10 can to serve up this recipe several more times, which you can be certain I will do. And since these cookies make an awesome dessert, breakfast, or afternoon snack (with a nice cup of coffee), I think we’ll go through them fast!
No.... it's not one of my boys...
Firstly, it can only link ballistic evidence (spent cartridge cases and bullets) found on crime scenes with one another. It doesn’t link human beings. In other words, it can determine that exhibits found on crime scene “A” were fired from the same gun that fired the exhibits on crime scenes “B”, “C”, “D”, etc.
in the mist of all the craziness - my Mom starts having panic attacks worrying about Karen and Cait - thoughts rushing her brain 'why didn't i just watch Cait at her house' - the typical 'it's my fault' when something happens - when you know in reality it's no ones fault - but you just feel so much pain and hurt and feel there's little you can do - the entire car ride getting to the accident was filled with guilt from my Mom - she felt it was all her fault ..
So if the youths were well off, why were they rioting?
I adore how you love Thijson
Just how much are you planning on drinking? Come on, now. The restaurant is allowing you to bring your own wine, so let’s not get carried away with the privilege, ok. Stick to no more than three bottles.
A field of diamonds beckon, waving to and fro
My friends on the jukebox don’t mind if I sing along
Retired 2-time PBA MVP Bimby Aquino Yap: “I am gay!”
Ollie’s mother began racing round the console too, pulling levers, and pushing buttons. But Ollie went on watching Amy, who was going through the whole hopping about, mouthing at the screen routine all over again. This time, she had some new hand movements. Ollie blinked; they looked familiar. He screwed his face up to look more closely, because screwing your face up obviously made it easier to see – ‘yes, banana,’ and ‘no alive – dead!’ What? Bananas? Dead bananas? Amy was waving again. Well, frantic flapping, more like. This time he thought she made the words ‘Remember dead banana’. Ollie made the same words back, and Amy nearly took off with excitement. Boy, that girl could jump, Ollie thought. He made the words again, just to see the effect, and he wasn’t disappointed. Amy was leaping up and down and throwing her arms around, so that the Ood sitting nearby had to shift out of the way. ‘Doctor,’ she signed; gripping her wrist as though she were taking her own pulse, and popping her eyes so wide, Ollie thought they might explode.
I would not presume to tell others how to vote but in my excitement I guess I did just that! Please forgive me! I feel Dick Lugar needs to retire. Career politicians esp those who want to ban my guns or other freedoms PISSS me off !!! DICKY is an F rated (NRA) Senator. He is an Indiana Senator Yet doesn't reside in Indiana? How the Fuck can he Represent Hoosiers when he is no longer a Hoosier???
As a note for those who are praying for me, I have a recheck appointment on Tuesday in Michigan. I really would like to be feeling much better by Monday when I head up there. Brandon will be going with me since Scott is traveling in the South on furlough meetings. He may just end up doing most of the driving. Watch out Detroit!
A great match for the flamboyantly floral aromas and luscious tropical fruit flavors of our Viognier is grilled or broiled seasoned chicken strips glazed with a peach, mango or papaya salsa. Other good matches include Thai food, pumpkin soup, orange-glazed halibut and creamy curries.
The boys from Moore Park Road
Three Kings (dir. David O. Russell, 1999)
nantional insurance contribution/tax on jobs
Ms Wong claims that she never actually downloaded the film, did not tell anyone else to download it, and did not know anyone was using her internet service to download the video. She also argues that the settlement letter sent to her was designed to coerce her into settling the case despite the absence of any facts supporting liability against her.
Today’s society is fast paced and full of busyness. But what are we busy doing? Is it trying to live life with a mission to better ourselves? Any of us who have tried to live this kind of life know that we are never satisfied even when we achieve our goals. Friend, if we have a relationship with Jesus, is it not for us to know justice? If we claim to be a follower of Jesus, we have a responsibility to live a Godly life everywhere we go. God has showed us that life is not about us, it’s about knowing Him, loving Him and loving others. If anyone should know that, it is the body of Christ–those who have been forgiven of their sins. Now that God has blessed us with His forgiveness, He desires that we share His love with others. The world needs us to be an example of living the Bible so that they too are drawn to Christ. They need answers, and for us to say we are “Christians” and live our life in pursuit of personal gain would only be a contradiction to who we say we follow.
“Sure sure babe. Come on in.”
cdalydar
I'm not trying to catch up, life moves fast. I'm happy to just be here and in my own pace be present, day to day.
08/25/2010 SELL 0.01 xauusd 1239.88 08/30/2010 1234.66 +5.23
Her hair fluttered in the longshore breeze. Shells jabbed at the soles of her feet. Her eyes followed the strand curving in the distance.
Some of you live for your vehicles. You must be seen. Your vehicle holds value of who you are. They are the deciding factor if you are happy or sad or fulfilled. Others its your home. I tell you none of it works. You will fail miserably. Peace of mind is not sold at stores or deposited into bank accounts. I know. Experience has had me put on my running shoes and clinging to Jesus. I will hang on His garment by a thread with some super glue. That’s real. Jesus I need you to take the steering wheel, gas, and the brakes and shift when you want, how you want with no lip service from me. Where are my keys? Jesus got my keys.
Lettuce, Red Leaf
I wish this page were my hand, instead of what my hand leaves behind. I wish it could reach out and run my fingers down your cheek. I may begin to forget many other things, but I can remember every childlike drawing you sketched on me with your artist’s hands with the barest pressure of your index finger. I cannot forget that you used your love for ink. It is the skin that remembers love and passes it down to the heart that cannot remember it, but aches to. Not words, or pictures. It is my skin that understood the truth of what we are. It remembers the tattooed ghosts of caresses, and this is enough.
Have a great day!!
It may look a little tenuous but Romney still has to be considered one of the winners on any poll where he holds the lead and certainly Perry's strong debut makes him a winner as well. Here are the losers:
Todd: If Romney takes Tennessee this
I wanted to throw in that AK-47s might be the real reason bayonets aren’t today’s most popular killing machine, but I restrained myself. It was thrilling; the boys were completely silent.
I have made this several times for my family and the love it. I have a recipe with a homemade crust that is delicious, but it does take some time to put together. I love this recipe because the crust is premade and easy for a quick homemade dinner!
In the olden days, an assignment of this nature would be seen as being akin to Genghis Khan sending a trusted general to size up the next country he planned to conquer. Or Henry VIII sending a trusted confidant to check out the prospects of successfully hooking a new wife. But given that Rosmah’s name was also mentioned by PKR leaders when they divulged Shafee’s alleged assignment, it must be somewhere in between.
Rudolf Klein-Rogge’s Rotwang gestures wildly, triggering laughs from the audience. He’s classically bonkers. But consider how many ticks and affectations you might collect, living mostly alone for years, consumed with your work and the memory of a woman you loved? A woman you lost to a more powerful man, in whose city you now live and work? And whose sex killed the woman? A man who understands that city less well than you do? You, too, would be bitter. You would be strange.
I have reclaimed the area that has been reserved for tomatoes ... and planted some annuals that will be the focus of my summer colour ... it was definitely a labour of love ... but worth every second spent !
4. Have fiarth that your followers will rally & show their crafty love out to those you awarded.
Cyril Jordan – guitar & vocals
Again, I do not mean God as a particular linguistic ideal either, like loving or wise or old and white-bearded like Santa Zeus. No, I mean God as the indescribable, the one word that we know is beyond regular words, the ineffable, the mysterious, the great unknown (uncontainable) that is so far beyond our capacity for language that we can conceptually accept only that it is absolutely beyond our understanding, beyond “what we know that we don’t know.” We have no idea what the word God means, and, in the one exceptional case of this particular word, we actually might just even admit it!
My Husby would pretend he was a troll and lay on the stairs.
Bhartii
This is not to suggest that other countries didn’t have to rebuild because, of course, they did. But the Russians do appear to have had a harder time than most because of the country’s leadership. All that mattered was that targets were met. As Fedya reports in his letter to the Writer:
This morning my PURPOSE DRIVEN LIFE devotional said that people who look into their own future and envision their lives "down the road" actually have more success than people who just plod along day by day.
We then sauntered over to Broadway Brewery just down the street. Several of us enjoyed Broadway's Winter Warmer while other's raided Broadway's nice bottle and guest tap list. We weren't there for long as we had other stops to make.
We also are for the freedom of mind and the freedom of intellectual exchange.
The camera was also discovered by a man and his dog. Something or someone tipped the camera at an angle but I am thankful he respected my camera . I always make a serious effort to avoid human interactions at all costs and this was the first person to walk through this area in over 4 months (still to often for my liking). It's clear to me that animals are not the only organisms that respond in a predictable manner to topographical features. I moved the camera a hundred feet downriver to a better spot. The water was so low at this location that animals could walk along the shore and were no longer "forced" to use the log.
could very well have to do with
Recently my husband and I have really been into homemade food. Since it’s s difficult and sometimes very expensive to buy some of our favorite foods here in Jakarta we have been experimenting with different recipes. We now make our own yogurt, dill pickles, granola and cured salmon.
2. If you mess up, it’s not going to change your life. Nobody will remember it tomorrow. Just fix it with a fresh mind.
After this he was effectively hounded out of the U.S.A, by political persecution and paranoia, being accused of 'moral depravity', he was known for his fondness of women, and had numerous affairs. His imprints were removed from the Hollywood walk of fame, such were the authorities disdain for him and were subsequently lost to the mists of time. Because of being pilloried by the right-wing press and reactionary institutions like the American legion and all the subsequent propoganda unleashed against him he began to lose favour with the American public. Ironically in 1952 saw the release of Limelight , which could be seen as a semi-autobiographical story concerning a story about a once famous comedian who has lost his ability to command his audience, basing his performance on Frank Tinney (1877-1940) an American Black film comedian and the Spanish clown Marceline (1873 - 1927) for me personally a film of great pathos.
First, we have installed DirecTV from Puerto Rico. We had to buy the equipment, have it installed, and then contact DirecTV in Puerto Rico to get the signal sent to us. Kevin called the person that people in the Embassy have used to install their equipment. One morning, two guys came walking up our street, one of them carrying a big DirecTV dish on his back. They walked past our house, but looked lost. Kevin and I thought, “What are the chances that someone else in the neighborhood is installing DirecTV this week?” We figured none, so we asked the guys if they were looking for our house. They were. It’s the first time I have received installation services from two guys walking down the road carrying the dish that is going to be on our house. I wonder if they took the bus with the dish or just walked all the way.
But there is evidence of significant improvements in school nutrition.
Then Saturday morning we had a nice breakfast and started getting ready for the big day. Grace looked so beautiful in her white communion dress (thank you, Aunt Nora). Abby was also excited to wear HER "first communion dress" (thank you, mom).
Grown Ups is definitely a family movie. And it is a movie that the family will enjoy. It's well paced, so it doesn't drag. It will entertain you, no matter how old you are. And you will laugh, but maybe not as much as you expected.
It waits on the right time to act, for the right principles and in the right way.”
Violet kept her morbid ability to sense dead bodies a secret from everyone except her family and her childhood-best-friend-turned-boyfriend, Jay Heaton. That is until forensic psychologist Sara Priest discovered Violet's talent and invited her to use her gift to track down murderers. Now, as she works with an eclectic group of individuals—including mysterious and dangerously attractive Rafe—it's Violet's job to help those who have been murdered by bringing their killers to justice. When Violet discovers the body of a college girl killed by "the girlfriend collector" she is determined to solve the case. But now the serial killer is on the lookout for a new "relationship" and Violet may have caught his eye....
Lim further clarified that DAP did not punish Tunku Aziz fo voicing his dissent nor at any time asked him to leave or resign.
MTA/ NYC Transit will be operating shuttle buses along portions of the G subway line during 3 upcoming weekends due to track maintenance work. The 3 weekends for alternate service are as follows:
Don't you just love it when progressives try to convince you that Obama has been a successful president? Much of the time, they back up their claims with some half-baked numbers pulled out of their backsides. The numbers below are all sourced and represent what Barack Obama has done to the economy since he took office.
2. I'm ready to try unschooling, but my spouse isn't convinced. What do I do?
Solvang understands its sweet-tooth tourists. They’ve created the Sweet Treats Trail map (http://www.solvang100.com/sweet-treats-trail-map-Solvang.pdf) for people who want to systematically wrap themselves in decadent goodness. I was seduced by both Ingeborg’s World Famous Danish Chocolates (http://www.ingeborgs.com/) and Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory (https://rockymountainchocolatefactory.com/). Their inventory and styles are different enough that you really should check out both (also, the ice cream was pretty tempting at Ingeborg’s). I picked up a little bit of everything from mocha bars to truffles. I pondered the sugar free cases in both shops, but it just seemed like cheating.
On a steep hill coffee bags can be filled with soil and staked into the hillside while being planted with perennials and groundcovers. This is an excellent, quick and low cost solution. When the bags biodegrades the planted terrace has been established. Bags can also be filled with straw and staked in to keep mulch contained on a hillside or in a water management design.
Really??? I thought.
What? Who’s bitter?
In retrospect, how could I be anything but happy? Whatever else the nightmare taught me, one thing is clear: At the moment of a crisis, you and I usually “see through a glass darkly,” as Saint Paul put it (1 Corinthians 13:12). But know this: the day will come when you look back and see that what appeared as a puzzling jigsaw of unwanted pain and confusion has given way to the beautiful tapestry that is your life.
Hawkshaw
-FUNNY and maybe most important of all
Total Referrals: 390
Exploded myths – but who
Muffle the smoke alarm
A: Grace Kelly
s - 2 * 180°/s = the degrees of the angles of regular polygons, where s = the number of sides of the polygon.
Why not shut the window?
The winner will get the chance to choose FOUR images of their choice. You will be totally stuck for choice I can tell you. Melissa has also kindly provided images for some of the DT and our GD to use.
David Roodman, a Senior Fellow at the Center for Global Development, has increasingly become an influential and respected voice in the microfinance community. My first weeks at Grameen Foundation coincided with discussions about Due Diligence, his recently released book on microfinance, and in particular, on ways for improving the industry. Everything I’ve seen and heard tells me it’s an exceptionally balanced work that raises important, prudent questions. (In my role with the Marketing department, it’s been especially interesting to be part of the process that unfolds as an organization responds to what has been portrayed by some as pretty harsh criticism.)
And most important; chin up.
"So, where's the party tonight?"
In the old days (when life was sunny and fairies danced in the meadows...and editors said 'yes' every morning), I never wrote a synopsis. Now I do. What's more I slave over it every bit as hard as I do my books. I have news for you. The rainclouds are overhead, the fairies have gone back to Tir na n-Og...and children's book editors (and agents) say yes as often as geese lay golden eggs. A professional-looking synopsis is therefore essential.
Anyway, I also have a new purse. I have decided I really, really like these KAVU purses. They are NOT on clearance at Target for $6.48. I've also sold my girls on the redeeming qualities of these bags, the main one is the single adjustable strap on most of the styles. It gets long, and my very tall BigB can carry on "cross-body" style without it acting like a pushup bra. It sits comfortably at her hips. The number of things she needs to carry on a daily basis out grew her first KAVU, so now she has a new one, same style as mine. MOjo was feeling left out, and I found myself continually fussing at her for not carrying a purse, so today, she got her first KAVU. We are all stylin' now. (It's lucky I had a full jar of peanut butter in the pantry, and an abundance of eggs in the fridge. )
To lighten moods we hit the town. Each bar has a country band jamming. One band was quite interactive with our group & let me request a song. I requested Usher. He didn’t know any Usher so played me a banjo version of an Enrique Inglaisis song instead. Very cool!
Staff: Masayuki Miyaji (Director) Ichiro Okouchi (Script), Seiichi Hashimoto (Character Design), Kazuki Sakuraba (Original Novelist), Michiru Oshima (Music),
This may not be Penfolds’ most complex or celebrated wine, but it is a delicious everyday wine that allows me to savor Penfolds’ rich history in my wine glass.
1 John 1:7 But if we walk in the light, as he is in the light, we have fellowship with one another, and the blood of Jesus, his Son, purifies us from all sin.
Today the sphygmomanometer has been largely replaced by automatic arm or wrist monitors, which are not only more accurate but are also much simpler to use, so that you can now take your own readings at home rather than having to visit the doctor’s surgery.
Author Summary: The narrow-sense heritability of a trait such as body-mass index is a measure of the variability of the trait between people that is accounted for by their additive genetic differences. Knowledge of these genetic differences provides insight into biological mechanisms and hence treatments for diseases. Genome-wide association studies (GWAS) survey a large set of genetic markers common to the population. They have identified several single markers that are associated with traits and diseases. However, these markers do not seem to account for all of the known narrow-sense heritability. Here we used a recently developed model to quantify the genetic information contained in GWAS for single traits and shared between traits. We specifically investigated metabolic syndrome traits that are associated with type 2 diabetes and heart disease, and we found that for the majority of these traits much of the previously unaccounted for heritability is contained within common markers surveyed in GWAS. We also computed the genetic correlation between traits, which is a measure of the genetic components shared by traits. We found that the genetic correlation between these traits could be predicted from their phenotypic correlation.
You may begin at any point though and click through each stop. At the other end of the hop Debra is beautifully highlighting the a la carte Stamp, Leaves of a Tree, on her Heartfelt Inkspiration blog, and should you get lost or want to chat about the blog hop, visit the Blog Hop Chat Thread on Stampin' Addicts for a list of all the participating blogs in order.
Well, I'm back to doing Not Me Mondays! One would think that it would be a super long one since it's been a while but I figure I can leave all the "old" ones out and just focus on this past week. I am sure if I think hard enough I can come up with enough "Not Me" moments.
In a large mixing bowl, whisk the eggs, sugar and vanilla together until combined and smooth. Whisk in the melted chocolate and butter until very smooth. Stir in the flour and then the chopped nuts, fold and mixing until well blended and smooth.
When he thought it was now okay to talk, he continued. "The Huriken School is now searching for the newest students for the upcoming school year. There’s only a thousand slots for the first years and I was very lucky to get two cards representing two slots. And I had decided to give the two cards to the two of you."
Another thing that was tough, especially at the beginning, was when I was working at home, and I could hear Toby crying in the other room. The sound was heartbreaking to me, but I couldn’t go out to him because I was busy working or on a conference call—and plus I had to respect the sitter and trust her to take care of him. There's a certain stress of being on deadline, and a certain stress of hearing your baby cry, and I was getting both at once. (And when I heard him playing and laughing, I would want to go out to him, too!) I do crave some mental and physical distance from the baby while I'm working.
Let’s give truly fictional scenes a pass, after all this is just a parody of “you-know-which-book”.
As I walked, I was thinking the day was lost. I just wanted to get home and take a bath and eat a salad (to balance out those potato chips) and watch the opening ceremonies of the Olympics and consider it a not-significant day at all.
Bathing them in light and loving energy
Where there is love there is life - said Mahatma Gandhi.
Hardcover: 256 pages
But there are some borrowers for whom the cash flow reinvestment strategy might make sense. One is the borrower who is eligible for but not currently utilizing IRA, 401(k) or other qualified tax-deductible or tax-deferred plans. Borrowers who use their cash flow savings to invest in these vehicles, who would not do so otherwise, can earn a very high rate of return because of the tax benefits. If the borrower’s employer makes matching contributions, the return is even higher.
The water boss softener resin acts like a magnet, pulling hardness out of the water. Our water tests also allow you to find out whether your water needs to be purified from metal deposits.
87 876 8765.....8765432
4. Upon proof of claim that I am NAME and not Name
When we speak of “signatures of the heart,” we speak of those vibrations that you know of already that seem to arise mysteriously from the realms of the heart and spine, the kundalini energy. While feeling deeply, the vibration goes out to your entire body and then into the “field of energy” surrounding the physical form.
5. Applicant must agree to a 3 month term. At the end of the term, we may
So that's what's going on around here. That and early planting. We have our onions and potatoes in the ground. Oh and wild fires. I'm holding my breath until we get some rain. We are surrounded by cedar trees. Dirk has our 6 acres cleared back and he burned some in the winter, but the other 40 acres that engulf ours are just littered with cedars. And if those things catch fire, it's like a bunch of small explosions. Ugh. Put your lighters away people!!!
Recently, my son Max's preschool sent out an email alerting us that an antisemitic group would be staging a demonstration at their facility. His preschool is part of a Jewish Community Center (JCC), an institution that is a fitness facility and hosts arts, cultural, youth and senior programming, and is open for membership to anyone. While I don't know much about the protesting organization, I know they don't particularly like Jewish people, homosexuals, or young men and women who died while serving in the military.
friend to follow a rule.
<U+3068><U+3044><U+3046><U+3053><U+3068><U+3067><U+3001><U+30A8><U+30C3><U+30B0><U+30CF><U+30F3><U+30C8><U+3002><U+5FA9><U+6D3B><U+969B><U+3068><U+3044><U+3046><U+3068><U+3001><U+30B8><U+30A7><U+30EA><U+30FC><U+30D3><U+30FC><U+30F3><U+30BA><U+3084><U+30C1><U+30E7><U+30B3><U+30EC><U+30FC><U+30C8><U+83D3><U+5B50><U+304C><U+5165><U+3063><U+305F><U+30D7><U+30E9><U+30B9><U+30C1><U+30C3><U+30AF><U+306E><U+5375><U+3092><U+5B50><U+4F9B><U+304C><U+63A2><U+3059><U+30A2><U+30AF><U+30C6><U+30A3><U+30D3><U+30C6><U+30A3><U+30FC><U+3002><U+5FA9><U+6D3B><U+796D>(<U+30A4><U+30FC><U+30B9><U+30BF><U+30FC>)<U+524D><U+65E5><U+306E><U+591C><U+3001><U+592B><U+3068>2<U+4EBA><U+3067><U+30D7><U+30E9><U+30B9><U+30C1><U+30C3><U+30AF><U+306E><U+5375><U+306E><U+4E2D><U+306B><U+30B8><U+30A7><U+30EA><U+30FC><U+30D3><U+30FC><U+30F3><U+30BA><U+3084><U+30C1><U+30E7><U+30B3><U+306A><U+3069><U+3092><U+8A70><U+3081><U+307E><U+3057><U+305F><U+3002><U+305D><U+3093><U+306A><U+6642><U+3001><U+5F7C><U+3068><U+89AA><U+306A><U+3093><U+3060><U+306A><U+301C><U+3001><U+3068><U+5B9F><U+611F><U+3057><U+3066><U+3001><U+7D50><U+5A5A><U+3057><U+3066><U+3057><U+3070><U+3089><U+304F><U+7D4C><U+3064><U+306B><U+3082><U+304B><U+304B><U+308F><U+3089><U+305A><U+5999><U+306B><U+611F><U+52D5><U+3057><U+3066><U+3057><U+307E><U+3044><U+307E><U+3057><U+305F><U+3002><U+8A70><U+3081><U+7D42><U+308F><U+3063><U+305F><U+5F8C><U+3001><U+592B><U+306B><U+30EA><U+30D3><U+30F3><U+30B0><U+3068><U+30C0><U+30A4><U+30CB><U+30F3><U+30B0><U+30EB><U+30FC><U+30E0><U+306B><U+5375><U+3092><U+96A0><U+3059><U+304A><U+4ED5><U+4E8B><U+3092><U+62C5><U+5F53><U+3057><U+3066><U+3082><U+3089><U+3044><U+307E><U+3057><U+305F><U+3002><U+30E9><U+30F3><U+30D7><U+306E><U+4E0A><U+3060><U+3063><U+305F><U+308A><U+3001><U+308D><U+3046><U+305D><U+304F><U+7ACB><U+3066><U+306E><U+4E2D><U+3060><U+3063><U+305F><U+308A><U+3001><U+9762><U+767D><U+3044><U+3068><U+3053><U+308D><U+306B><U+96A0><U+3057><U+3066><U+3044><U+307E><U+3057><U+305F><U+3088><U+3002><U+96A0><U+3059><U+3068><U+8A00><U+3063><U+3066><U+3082><U+3001><U+898B><U+3048><U+308B><U+3068><U+3053><U+308D><U+306A><U+3093><U+3067><U+3059><U+304C><U+3002><U+5A18><U+9054><U+306F><U+5FA9><U+6D3B><U+796D><U+306E><U+671D><U+8D77><U+304D><U+308B><U+3068><U+3001><U+304A><U+83D3><U+5B50><U+5165><U+308A><U+306E><U+5375><U+3092><U+63A2><U+3059><U+306E><U+3092><U+3068><U+3066><U+3082><U+697D><U+3057><U+307F><U+306B><U+3057><U+3066><U+3044><U+307E><U+3057><U+305F><U+3002><U+666E><U+6BB5><U+671D><U+306B><U+30AD><U+30E3><U+30F3><U+30C7><U+30A3><U+30FC><U+3092><U+98DF><U+3079><U+3055><U+305B><U+306A><U+3044><U+306E><U+3060><U+3051><U+3069><U+3001><U+5FA9><U+6D3B><U+796D><U+306E><U+65E5><U+306F><U+7279><U+5225><U+3068><U+3044><U+3046><U+3053><U+3068><U+3067><U+3001><U+8A31><U+3057><U+305F><U+306E><U+3067><U+3001><U+5B09><U+3057><U+305D><U+3046><U+306B><U+98DF><U+3079><U+3066><U+3044><U+307E><U+3057><U+305F><U+3002>
Delicious are the blue-eyed skies
Here is my card. I choose to do a tone on tone card to match the Pattern paper inside.
The new part of my life is starting and I'm pretty scared. :(
I’m so thrilled with the image quality of the prints from GotPrint, pictured above, that I’d like to offer a free set to a random selection of commenters to this post. Just leave a comment about them, or the event, and by next week, I’ll contact five of you for mailing addresses. Deal? Then get to typing.
NUJ head of publishing Barry Fitzpatrick said: “I’m pleased that we have been able to hold genuinely positive discussions with management to resolve the differences between us. Both sides recognise that producing newspapers which serve local communities properly is a business requiring commitment from everybody involved.
Her heart beat through her chest as a new compartment exploded into existence behind her brain. Silence was no longer an option. She gasped and wept and laughed all at once, with a resounding burp that suprised those around her into giggles. Why didn’t they get it? It was too much for her, everything much to loud and nothing much too quiet. She squirmed in her seat and her eyes wiggled at the walls, which were dancing the hula. The TV blared classical music accompanied by an old cartoon and she saw the characters look at her, and point. They were suprised that she could see them. She smiled and felt like everything would be okay.
I was invited to run a workshop on HE at a conference in Leeds about informal education which took place in May 2009. I asked Denise if she would come along with me, as I was nervous about going alone, and I knew that it would be much more fun with her as my side kick! We got to sit in on some very interesting talks in the morning, but chatting to another delegate at lunch time was a far more interesting affair! To be honest what we heard threw us both a bit, Denise more so I think, given her hope that Badman was a fair and reasonable man, and that these would be qualities that would show through in his report. To cut a long story short, what we heard was the most contentious aspects of the contents of the Badman Report, which wasn’t due out for another few weeks. The delegate in question had been at a conference at which Badman had presented his report - at a time when the HE *community* was still very much hoping to be able to influence the outcome. It was pretty explosive stuff, and the delegate obviously realised that she had let the cat out of the bag (she seemed to have been under the impression that the report had already been released) and very quickly stopped talking to us, leaving Denise and I somewhat shell shocked. We both decided that the best option would be to assume the other delegate had been mistaken, but to check out the conference details when we got back home.
Grown to hide the mess I've made
We can easily afford the $60/month, but we just don't want to pay that to watch TV.
The broader psychological community has also rejected Denkowski’s methods. He is mentioned by name in the 2010 edition of the American Association on Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities’ diagnostic manual. In a section about how cultural or economic factors should impact scores on adaptive behavior tests, the authors “strongly caution against practices such as those recommended by Denkowski.”
It seems like hoards of mini rap supremas were hiding hungrily in Nicki Minaj’s wig closet – just waiting for her to depart to the dreaded abyss of Mainstream. The minute Minaj shook hands with the techno devil (David Guetta) her potential successors sprung out of the woodworks and thus began the battle for the crown of Rap Princess – the prime contenders being the likes of Iggy Azalea, Kreayshawn and Azealia Banks. The objects of my undying affection. Honestly, that wasn’t sarcasm.
I would also refer you to these previous posts:
Then they opened a hidden trapdoor in the ceiling, and hurling stones at the leader and his companions, struck them down. They dismembered the bodies, cut off their heads and tossed them to the people outside.
P.S. on a completely un-related note, I'm wearing my dress backwards in these photos. I didn't like the way the dress looked originally so I thought it'd be fun to reverse it and have a modest neckline. I'm quite pleased with the result. Now I'm off to see what else I can wear in reverse ;-)
If you've been following my blog, then you've noticed my little car is only 3 days away from officially leaving California. You've probably also noticed it's been a while since a real post has come through.
It remained relatively untouched as walking such a long and grueling path in the shade was preferred to the exposure to the sun. Derrek couldn’t help but stand as close as he felt comfortable to the rightmost tree, habitually submitting to the right of way. Naida, however, seemed content to walk down its center.
Back to editing…
Overabundant heart
Okay...I think I have officially lost my mind! I totally forgot today was Tuesday AGAIN!!! I still need to get The Stamping Boutique challenge up on the challenge blog and I was suppose to have this post up earlier....grrrr. I thought I was having memory issues while I was pregnant....this is getting ridiculous!
Age focus.
The pain had been pretty manageable with alcohol, physical therapy and Advil on my side, but lately the game has changed. Obviously, I can no longer drink away the pain; most low-dose medications have alcohol or sugar in them, which I can't have, or the dose is too low to affect the pain; and I'm highly reluctant to take any high-dose pain meds because of my history of addiction. So I've been going to physical therapy, doing yoga(I'm such a Californian now, how did that happen?!) and getting massages as often as I can afford. It helps some, but not entirely.
Page 66. 'Arthur Guinness and Sons' entry. Did you know that the "7.5% Foreign Extra Stout Guinness accounts for 40% of their current global sales"?
Wait, before I hit the therapist’s couch, I’m off to anyplace that stocks six-packs of this terrific endangered species! Know a place that stocks it in the greater Phoenix area, let me know…PLEASE.
Disclosure: “George Gutowski” writes from a “Caveat Emptor Perspective” I hold no positions in stocks mentioned in this post. I have no plans to initiate new positions within the next 72 hours.
The bike in question was an uber cool, uber rare, vintage Coventry Eagle frame which was my 1st vintage build. It came to me in a fairly rough state and basically needed new… well, everything. The reason it ended up on the trailer is because the 27<U+2033> wheelset I’d bought simply wasn’t working out properly with the brakes and I also needed to get the bottom bracket rebuilt so I broke down and took it into the bike shop for some advice.
*i love my note
August 10, 2011 — The Florida Department of Children and Families releases report concluding that Casey Anthony failed to protect Caylee, and that Casey’s actions or lack of actions resulted in the death of the child. The finding has little legal relevance.
Lego™ man
www.incredibleinternet.com/user_files/cyberbullying_full.pdf
· Grip ‘n’ Go™ footwear is made with all the benefits of Originals®, but with special G2 Technology for active toddlers that are transitioning to walking with a more confident stride.
But his father was a junky, mum's a gambler - Mickey was bred to steal
by Celso Paiva Sol
1+1/2 teaspoons salt.
Meditation: Do you view God’s law negatively or positively? Jesus’ attitude towards the law of God can be summed up in the great prayer of Psalm 119: “Oh, how I love your law! It is my meditation all the day.” For the people of Israel the “law” could refer to the ten commandments or to the five Books of Moses, called the Pentateuch, which explain the commandments and ordinances of God for his people. The “law” also referred to the whole teaching or way of life which God gave to his people. The Jews in Jesus’ time also used it as a description of the oral or scribal law. Needless to say, the scribes added many more things to the law than God intended. That is why Jesus often condemned the scribal law. It placed burdens on people which God had not intended. Jesus, however, made it very clear that the essence of God’s law – his commandments and way of life, must be fulfilled.
For more info, please email Rina at sfinsfevents@gmail.com.
I really liked this movie, except for the dead wife/mommy storyline. I feel like, even though it was based on a true story, this part was overly manipulative. Especially the business at the end. I really am a sucker for father/son bonding movies, and I love animals, and I am one of the few unabashed Patrick Fugit fans out there. Overall, it was a really good movie with a lot of memorable stuff, but I couldn’t rate it higher because I couldn’t help but feel like a bit of a puppet as I walked out.
jokes about matricide
That was such a boost, I can’t tell you. So I went and talked to the MD who asked me to send my novel in next year when I’ve finished the editing process. So that’s a real incentive, and in fact next summer is going to be busy with promoting the walks book in June and July – book signings and talks etc., so this could be better timing.
- Fresh granola, nuts, candies, peanut butter, snack mixes, etc. ready for your bagging.
Tryndamere: Good. Throw it out.
To be continued. I have more sh*t to tell hahahaha.
Test this by inserting a fork into the centre and separating the flesh. If it falls off easily, you are good to go.
So, here's our form:
The group had planned to enter the United States at San Diego, Calif.
Do you want to be the next Month-Long Guest Designer with the Shabby Girls? It's as simple as participating in our weekly challenges and WOW-ing us with your projects! The Shabby Girls might be calling on YOU to be the next Month-Long Guest Designer!!!
This was my grandmother's china. To my knowledge, my grandmother never saw St. Augustine, but her china came to live here and the story is in some ways quintessentially St. Augustinian. Connections, connections...
Family Christmas planning in the 21st Century could not be more complex, especially when your family extends all over the country. To the rescue - technology for all generations! Really, get the greatgrandparents and the little ones connected! We are having a jolly time cyber-connecting, menu and game planning. Greatgrandparents are Gen 1.0, and so on until you get the youngest ones in Gen 4.0. How lucky are we to have 4 generations celebrating together?!
This Spring will be hectic for us as we add a new addition to the family... but that doesn't mean we'll be slacking on the must-have Spring Cleaning!! Yay!!
We have 3,000 RPGs for the entire
You know what? A good rattling of the old body and brain is always a good thing, right? The program today parlays nicely with what we did yesterday although if you did not heed our warning about mid line stability? Today is going to be hell and will expose a lot of weaknesses you need to address soon.
April 26 – May 13, 2012
b. What you do when you’re sick after having kids: everything – and by that I mean cook, clean, bathe, feed, prepare, plan and execute all things baby related – and be sick. In other words: this SUCKS. Yeah, the hubby may be able to step in here, but it will probably be temporary. Let’s face it, most of us with small kids also have to work a lot to support such kids, therefore said hubby may only have a couple hours a day (if that) to tend to you. And for those working moms out there – the probability of you getting sick on the weekend is good for your work week, but bad because baby is there too. NOTHING prepares you for the first time you have to take care of someone else when you are sick. Do yourself a favor and line up the babysitters now.
An area of architectural photography that I fell has yet to be fully explored in the commerical sense is . This lack of exploration I think is due in part to the fact that a detail shot is one out of 12 or so different shots that would be used to document a building it’s design elements and function. By abstracting architecture the function is in part if not fully removed. Additionally I don’t think architects like their buildings to not look like there buildings it no longer becomes about the sturture and the architects vision but about the vison of the photographer and how they experienced the space.
Incredibly Miliband also spoke about 'good' and 'bad' social housing tenants. With a shortage of social housing he stressed that "choices have to be made". He argued that people in work should get priority for social housing, thereby punishing the unemployed and poor.
Makes 2 loaves (because, really, who wants just one?)
I’m posting very late today, but better late than never. I’ve been busy with studying for my last test, but I could spare some time to go out and shoot this photo.
stay out of their hive and things…
The photo of super-dense frozen water is from Wired Science. Scientists have created the final predicted form of stable ice, called ice XV, in the lab. According to the Wired summary:
My request to meet ‘The Boy’ before I moved to a new city went unanswered. I wanted to meet him to talk about my book, considering it dealt mostly with how our relationship had a profound emotional and psychological effect on me. He read some of the words I wrote about him and seemed accepting and pleased at how I had described his soul and essence. After reading, he assured me I could write what I wanted as long as he was sufficiently unidentifiable as a character. With the first draft completed, I wanted to talk to him before I left to embark on my new life. In ways, I wanted his buy-in to my endeavors, to have him involved so that I could keep the story as undiluted as possible and to ensure he was comfortable with some of the darker aspects which were essential to the integrity of the story. ‘The Boy’ is a unique spirit; dark, brooding, intense, emotional and complex and I wanted to do his personality justice. Everything about him was relevant to the story and I wanted his support.
That doesn’t mean that our apartment is always clean. It’s clean a lot, but it’s also not clean a lot. And it doesn’t mean I have always been a clean person either. There is an embarrassing story about peanut butter on one of my textbooks my freshman year of college that makes me cringe now. But it makes me feel so much better to have everything clean and somewhat organized.
Have a lucky day.
GET.
So I called my oncologist's office and had a chat with one of my fave nurses in the world, Brenda. And she told me Dr. Lower thought we oughta go ahead and do an MRI because of those "Damn Spots", not to mention, the "Vespa Incident". I thought that sounded reasonable and that I hadn't had any really serious photo shoots of my brain since Rome, so why not?
Food expert and cookbook writer Helen Corbitt used to be Nutritionist at the Driskill. She tried to convince the world that there was more to Texas food than chili, barbeque, and enchiladas. Today, the Driskill Grill is, in the opinion of this former restaurant critic, one of the finest restaurants in Austin, and is presided over by the city’s most talented chef, David Bull.
Whatever they say, I’m not listening. I’m just ignorant enough to stay that way in my happy little bubble of belief that there are others like me who do not wish to engage in a series of processes to see which will prove successful, but rather a “real” connection based on healthy communication and sincerity.
So even though I have numerous culinary tools now ...
One pleasant thought to keep us thinking positively through what lies ahead: by the time the main bulk of crop circles appears in June and July, we shall have amassed a superb body of new designs, coded messages and even be in a position to interpret some of them. We may by then have grasped a lot more of the symbolism being presented to us and will be better prepared for creative and constructive action. We are, after all, creating our own reality.
Today Stampotique is sponsoring the Pile it On Challenge. The theory behind Pile It On! is to create cards, scrapbook pages or even altered items using MORE THAN ONE challenge. They have found it to be a challenge to see how many challenges they could get into one project. Stampotique is ALSO coming out with a WHOLE new slew of images! Hint: including more from Daniel Torrente , Janet Klein , Kira Nichols and a new line from Roc Nicholas! Woot! Woot!
Buck
As a kid, I dug the original Clash of the Titans with all of its Ray Harryhausen’s awesome stop-motion monsters but I haven’t seen the movie in over twenty years. I don’t own it, and can’t convince myself it’s worth the $7.50 it would take to buy the DVD. I feel like I want you to know that so you can decide how colored my review of the recent Louis Leterrier film is or is not. FWIW, I really liked Leterrier’s Incredible Hulk.
the unschooling community isn’t the only one I feel I need in my life: I was rather surprised when I first started going to unschooling events by how non-radical many unschoolers are. I guess I’d assumed that because questioning the schooling system lead me to questioning so much else, that that would be the experience of others, as well. And it is! Just not as many others as maybe I’d first thought. This isn’t meant in any way as a criticism, just an honest reflection of my thoughts. Regardless, the people I choose to surround myself with now are folk. And I’m using “odd” here in the
GOOD GOD I didn't know what I was missing! Such a beautiful game with all of those graphics options.
They are now without a faction headquarter as half the dauntless have become traitors and the other half has seeked refuge in another faction. They end up in Amity seeking refuge from the faction that believes in peace keeping and no involvement. Eventually, because they are Dauntless and cannot help it, they move on to another location because they are not completely welcomed. This is when they head to the Faction less territory where we meet Four's mother Evelyn.
I say, “Oooh do you have magic powers?” I blink my eyelashes at him adoringly.
Duane Ensing - I want you to look past the plants, and I want you to look at each leaf. I want you to see the landscape, but I want it to disappear. I want you to see natural beauty and I want you to be intrigued by intentional design. At the end of the day, I want our client to have peace with the creation we leave, and be able to relate well to the design intent.
PeyPey: "This is difficult news to process. I'm not really sure where to go from here."
Republicans ran up when Bush was President
Herencia explores the contrasting extremes, and irony, that Los Angeles is the world capital for both cinema and the porn industry, Cannes hosts not only the film festival, but simultaneously hosts the porn film festival, and the same industries are also the end market for the illegal labor, drug dealing, human trafficking and arms trade that drive the conflicts just 2 hours south, on the other side of the border: The US as the worlds largest “gated community.”
Thanks to Steve over at smithstorrents, we now have a spectacular stereo version of the now-legendary 2xLP bootleg release that has set the Smiths world on fire for the past couple weeks. What many/most don't realize is that the tracks they're swooning over (and swoon they should!), are not fully captured in their full glory by the original leak.
Before the snow melted, life went to shit, Paul had his heart attack and all thoughts of building got put on the back burner. By the time life was normal enough to start salvaging, the construction waste site at the dump had been plowed over.
We reached the hospital mga 3:30 PM.
Also, this Santa stuff is hard....
Instagram and Pudding.to.
We're not talking about the weather or the beautiful blossoms remember? So, no comment.
ALSO, I'm looking for information on the following bands from this comp: Easy Target, Clothesline, Slappy
yourself from the Den of Thieves. If not, reap.
Tell the church's story.
I couldn't wait to ink them up....
I see how Pinterest can easily become an addiction and one would lose track of time on that site, whew. For me, I think it will end with that contest entry due to our internet connection. Pinterest is not dial up connectivity friendly, at least with ours: nothing wants to load. It works great using the mobile broadband plan - except that it eats up the limited usage far too quickly. So for now, unless I am out somewhere with free WIFI, I won't be pinning :(
Unlike UKIP we do not want to eradicate the indigenous cultures, people and identities of the English, Welsh, Anglo-Irish and Scottish people of our islands in order to create some monstrous, politically correct artificial ’uni-culture’ based on ‘assimilation’ in order to replace our unique British national and cultural heritage.
Suspense is the soul of these films because without it, we know the end: the hero lives, saves the day, whatever. There’s never any risk. You never wonder if they’ll make it or not. You need that because with out it, it’s just all the same speed. It’s just one thing after another. Suspense means that we’re invested in the film. I just worry that, in an effort to keep the audience broad, and not upset anyone, they’ve actually decided that suspense in a film is a bad thing.
Peter was an aloof man known for being lazy and always putting things off. It earned him the nickname Procrastinating Pete. It was because of Procrastinating Pete that the launch of the Mayflower to the “New World” was delayed several times. He kept oversleeping and missing the scheduled launch.
I now wish the entire front was filled with these lovelies, but alas they are slow starting for me.
Ahhhhh spring :0)
While I watched my youngest venture out beyond the sandbar, my DH headed south to an area that has turned up some pretty pieces in past summers (DH swears that heading south on the island- no matter what part of the island we are on, offers the best opps for sea glassing)My DH came strolling back with 4 pieces of sea glass, and since our sons were just getting out of the water, we ventured north to check out the shell beds in the surf.
Oh and a couple of interesting music shows that I have recently found include:
I remember that I received books 3 & 4 for Christmas, 1980. The Tombs Of Kobol adapted the two-part "Lost Planet of the Gods," while The Young Warriors adapted and slightly expanded upon the episode of the same name. Both of these books sported rather nice (and TV-accurate) wrap-around cover paintings by sci-fi artist David Shleinkofer.
Story 2
Less chanced than you for life,
His eyes flicked up to meet hers, narrow again with suspicion. "By the Wildren who were Coercing me. Or blackmailing me, whatever you want to call it." At that, his frown turned bitter, outright angry. What could she say to placate him? Before she could think it through, he pushed on. "No-one else knew I was involved. No-one."
Spent yesterday hanging out with Jess Hovey and Ryan LaMunyon painting monsters on foam core with acrylic paints for our soon to be window installation at Pinecone+Chickadee for my Monster Show I am throwing May 4th. Still accepting submissions!
* 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds removed (reserve pod
Apparently, here is who is responsible, and the trick they used to quietly slip in these provisions:
And get myself down a system for taking 3 tots to the toilet in public. Tried it once & it was a bit of a disaster. Finally got taking Liv potty on the go mastered, now I have a different method to tackle. But like everything with parenting, you figure out your way of doing it eventually. Right?
But then I grew to realize they make one’s natural sexy 3-D real–world (non-JPG) curvature much more appreciable — and also at a greater distance.
Using safety pins!
Today I did my 15 minutes out on my patio. If you are just joining me and want to see where the patio started out, I posted pictures on July 13, 2011
I am still feeling rather shaken by this incident and will be taking an extended blogging break; I think I should move on now and chalk it up to experience.
In recent years, different sectors of the university, and different fractions within each sector, have taken contrary views about how best to sustain the educational project of the university in the face of state austerity measures, and these various groups have taken different actions in line with their views. On the one hand, administrators have reacted to declining budgets by hiring the Bain consulting firm to help them implement campus-level austerity measures (esp. OE), by shifting the class and geographic composition of admitted students (to get more money from student fees), by advocating that the campus community lobby state legislators, and by deploying the police whenever protesters have breached the student code of conduct, and sometimes even when they haven't (justifying these deployments with reference to their role as protectors of the educational mission of the university).
BUT, having said that, I’m getting tired of seeing/hearing people saying that “Big is beautiful”! It’s not! It’s not that is ugly either, but seriously, being over weight is NOT a good thing, sorry, but if you care about your health, if you want to be around for your kids, then you should take care of yourself!
Is it Friday already ?? My time is flying by lately with all the business that the warm weather of spring brings.
And that old worn out couch was called our bed
I will be in bed early with the duvet over my head.
2 hoped
x x x x x x x x
I once asked someone who had managed a ‘massage parlour’ – in other words, a brothel – how he had avoided getting raided by the police. He looked at me as if I was mad:
I hope you can click over and watch this video (since I can’t seem to embed it).
A school of dolphins played in the waves and the first whale of the season lifted his tail in salute. I was content.
In his March 16 memo, Chu instructs the PMAs to upgrade their transmission infrastructure, in part to enable more intermittent and unreliable “alternative” energy sources to travel over the grid. Chu also requests rate structure changes that provide incentives for energy efficiency programs, demand response programs, integration of variable resources, and preparation for electric vehicle deployment.
Three American astronauts, made up of Captain Neal Patterson (Eric Fleming), Lieutenants Mike Cruze (Dave Willock) and Larry Turner (Patrick Waltz), and a bulky Professor (Paul Birch) are on the first manned mission to Venus. Not that they had much choice, seeing as how they borrowed the uniforms from Forbidden Planet and all. And when they arrive, instead of little green men they find women...humanoid women with high heels, lots of makeup and nice form-fitting dresses.
The dealer from Omaha actually brought it to our house for us to test drive and
The next package is the Paperback & Hardback package at £2995. The increase of almost £1000 is simply outrageous for an additional hardback edition, when outside of a revised dusk jacket cover; the set-up file and additional ISBN is essentially the same.
Okay–now I’m done for tonight.
This is one of my absolute favourite blogs! Tita Buds is definitely a versatile blogger, her posts vary from cute things to travel pics and everything inbetween and her writing always makes me smile. She is also a middle child like me and comes across as a genuinely lovely person.
then circling
I say “It was going great until I realized my favorite chocolate isn’t on sale!” I added sad eyes and a frown.
2-03 Green
It grasp my thoughts
All four musicians demonstrate their inimitable attitudes and sensibilities towards their instruments, as if they are not playing in the most conservative sense of this concept but preferring to put their instruments through strange and unpredictable treatments, manipulations and effects, a kind of very free and experimental playful playing. Such an attitude might result in a very serious, academic exercise, but with their shared sense of adventure, idiosyncratic languages and high level of focused interaction, the end result is quite fascinating.
The Que Fresco restaurant at Zamas is renowned as one of the best in eastern Mexico, using the freshest local products for dishes like seafood tacos.
Perform proper Pipe Support selections suitable with the product designed.
Anyway, I should be going back home tomorrow, one day early. It can be difficult to stay focused on my engineering as my brain is three beers into a pub. In other words, I've already planned out where I want to go when I get back home, and the beers I'm probably going to order, and in which order. This time I'm thinking of going back to Downing Street Pub in Houston to throw in some cigars with my beering.
He said: ‘There is a problem about dependency, there is a problem about assuming somebody else resolves the problems and there is certainly a problem about centralised state provision as the solution to everything.
Faraday's law and time varying fields. – definition of electromotive force and motional emf, Contribution of Maxwell and Maxwell equations. Introduction to displacement current and Ampere's circuital law. Poynting Vector and the flow of power
We have also been harvesting at a pretty regular rate. Frankly, I’m quite surprised at just how much food we’re bringing home; especially since this is our first year doing this. Each time we visit the garden, we can typically count on a handful of beans and a couple cucumbers being ready to pick. I have been keeping track of it just to the right of this post. (Note: The “Harvested so Far…” section is updated in real time, where these posts are edited for several days before posting. In other words, the list to the right is always a few days ahead of these posts.) In fact, both the peas and lettuce have been completely harvested at this point. We now have 6 pepper plants (including one super-chili) growing where the peas used to be.
I used a jigsaw (thanks, mom & dad!) to cut out my ampersand. You should have seen me - I'm sure it was quite the sight. I had one foot, up on the table holding the plywood in place, while hunched over, carefully jigging along my traced outline. I almost asked Travis to take a picture so you could see how ridiculous I looked, but decided against it. ;) Oh, but I do think the jigsaw is my new favorite tool. I'm already trying to figure out what else I can make (using the left over plywood).
SRM 3
It was a life of privilege to be sure, but there is an appealing pared-down simplicity to it as well. When they lived on the beach in Malibu, they lit fires in the fireplace to heat their home, she packed homemade fried chicken and strawberries with sour cream and brown sugar in Quintana's lunches and they had cucumber sandwiches for Quintana's sixteenth birthday lunch. Didion always packed the same list of simple necessities when she traveled. These small but intentional details aren't attributable so much to wealth as to taste - they're decisions and choices anyone could make.
Yet To Come is a gem. I am glad I didn't miss it.
Two unopened, brand spankin' new
“We did not wish to harm anyone,” says Olein, “but to stop an act that would lead to a false war and a nuclear weapons exchange.”
So Day 2 consisted of the length of South Dakota. It's amazing how the scenery just gets so much better once you cross the state line. I adore this state so much!
Get Messy
48. Redneck Yacht Club -- Craig Morgan
This changes all the time. I'm an avid reader. Some of my favorite authors though are James Patterson, Charlaine Harris and Agatha Christie (I am a huge Poirot fan!). Come to think of it, all of those people are mystery writers...I sense a trend. ;)
During the late '90s, the band moved more into noise/ power electronics material and for several years their only performances and releases saw the band indulging their most dissonant impulses. It was interesting to watch – I recall one show where the band attached amplified contact microphones to bibles and beat them to shreds with dildos – but not always easy to sit down and listen to. In more recent years, the band has operated as a bass-and-drums duo, working in a vein that's somewhere between Ruins and early Butthole Surfers – frantic, obnoxious (in a good way) noise rock (sample song title: "Well Hung Toddler") that surprisingly doesn't stand in too stark contrast when the band breaks out some of their old power violence material, as they've thankfully been doing recently.
While the thirsty travellers availed themselves of several of Ben Kraus’ splendid brews the bus drivers drove the convoy to Latrobe at Beechworth which, despite being no more than 10 minutes walking distance from the brewery, took us half an hour, 2 laps of town and a visit to the Information Centre to locate. I should have led us off. Once the group was checked-in and the luggage dumped en masse in the closest room, the drivers headed back to Bridge road Brewers to begin the Bus Drivers’ favourite game, “Catch Up”.
(The rules for the regular Sunday Challenge are all still the same)
Merry Christmas to all of our CPS friends!
Nude platform heels with diamonds – £24.99 in New Look
Me: Salam alaykom akhoya. Peace be with you my brother.
I just enjoy doing what makes me, Me,
I hope these simple tips will help many of you develop first person personas and encourage more participation in the first person interactions being offered at the C. Black coffeehouse. Remember, be yourself. The easiest way to create a historic persona, is to use as much of your real life as possible. Don't fall into the trap of assuming your first person persona has to be entirely different from who you are naturally. This just makes doing first person more difficult and creates unneeded stress, keeping you away from the fun of actually doing first person.
03 Jersey Bounce
Paul: my critics are ignorant
Veronica Falls and Soft Metals offer two new additions to our "Best Debuts of the Year" list (more on this subject in the coming week) with their eponymous albums. Veronica Falls put their own, particularly enjoyable spin to the whole girl group-garage rock-'80s indiepop combo we've enjoyed lately with a record filled with catchy, energetic, straight-to-the-point songs, while Soft Metals (as we've already pointed out here) draw inspiration from all sorts of electronic sounds from the '70s and '80s with a twist of new wave's resplendent darkness added for good measure.
Towns that had previously benefited from what Jeffries termed the "school-to-prison pipeline" will likely be more hard-up for revenue. I don't know if there will be town crises in New York like the one described in Maryland. But if there are, they may be the inevitable symptoms of withdrawal, however slow, from an unjustifiable system of criminal justice.
Pulling back in almost an embarrassed way
Tripti left, as if that was the only intention behind her intruding into her friend’s room. Transfix her with her caustic sense of humour.
I settled on a red corduroy one that had a hood to it. It looked real warm, and he would like that. "Is this a Christmas present for someone?" the lady behind the counter asked kindly, as I laid my ten dollars down. "Yes,"I replied shyly. "It's ... for Bobby." The nice lady smiled at me. I didn't get any change, but she put the coat in a bag and wished me a Merry Christmas.
“For there is one Elohim,1 and one Mediator between Elohim and men, the Man Messiah <U+05D9><U+05D4><U+05D5><U+05E9><U+05E2>, Foornote: 11 Cor. 8:6, Eph. 4:6, Mk. 12:29-34. who gave Himself a ransom for all, to be witnessed in its own seasons, ” (1 Timothy 2:5-6 The Scriptures 1998+)
Absolutely: less is more. In fact I was so fascinated by the historical details of my research, I put far too much of it into the first draft. I had to go through the whole thing with a red pen. More often than not I do believe it’s better to have a single description of the texture of a fabric against skin, say, than a detailed description of clothing. I think you need to know the details in the back of your mind – to be able to see it all – but that’s where the details should mostly stay. Otherwise they can drown the story. Your character, after all, isn’t constantly thinking about the way his house is built or the way his food was cooked, and I like writing from inside a character’s head. I leave out anything that my character wouldn’t know or notice.
2. Go on a bike tour. I envy the cyclists I pass on the road. They are normally out on beautiful, sunny days. I think, “I should be doing that, not going to the grocery store.” I want to gear up and hop on an aluminum frame bike and go where they are going.
This sound was present when PMEL began recording SOSUS in August, 1991.
I shake my head and give him the under hand wave of “GO”. If he wants to leave he was going to have to go AROUND. Stubborn? Not I.
It was so great to share my NY foodie hobbies (a few of which not pictured, like mac & cheese at S'Mac) with the girls. My favorite people + my wonderful city = A seriously great weekend. I can't wait till our next reunion at the end of this month: visiting Anna in D.C!
“Steve’s a really good engineer” says Ryan. “He’s very quick, and on the first day he asked, “How do you want to do this?” and we told him we want to do it all live, no overdubs just guitar, bass, drums, and then on ‘Chi-Town’ I was putting a piano down at the end of the song and he said ‘Just so you know, if you put this down the album isn’t going to be all live. I don’t have a problem with doing it but you might have a problem with doing it because you told me you wanted a live record’. So you think about these things. And he doesn’t give any opinion on the music, he records without prejudice, he just records what you do, and for me that’s perfect.”
1) I'm 4'11. Shocking, I know - I blog so tall!
I am spraying across the range
07-22 Atlanta, GA – Fox Theatre Atlanta
Location: Richmond, VA
I found it really exciting back in August and September when I was getting going with it all…but also really intimidating. I’m not intimidated anymore. Has anybody else reading this (any other self-published people) had a similar experience?? I think, in retrospect, that it felt at the beginning kind of 50% real and 50% dream. I mean, I treated it as a real thing, in my mind and publicly, from the start; it was never a lark. But throwing my hat, so to speak, into this self-publishing arena felt, to me, a little bit (50% to be exact) like an ideal…something that was worth trying, but was very possibly unlikely to pan out.
Cool. I look forward to releasing it. I will let you know when that happens. God bless.
"I'll put a Belle band-aid on your heart if it hurts..." - Eliza (she was VERY sincere - haha!)
I met a woman. We fell in love quickly and were married a little more than seven months later. We are both stubborn people and especially because our parents said we would never succeed, we did. The road, especially early on, was rocky. We had our first child ten months after we got married and it was an amazingly difficult pregnancy. We were still getting to know each other. The unfortunate reality is that we never did.
A few days ago, Mrs. Random and I went into town on a few errands. In particular we needed to get a new land line telephone. Out ancient telephone was putting out a lot of static. The last time Random Daughter called she expressed a lot of concern about the static. I hope she realized that the static is coming from the phone and not from her dad.
I am grateful that my kids seem to still want me around.
The Winner will have until Midnight EST on Wed, November 18, 2009
· Today’s Playground Magazine-March 2001
Evernote
So, basically, all I want for Christmas is for that fucking song to die. To go away. To disappear and never be heard from again.
Over the years, I haven't thought of too many sets as being "overrated". It took me a while to come up with one, but I probably should've thought of it a lot sooner.
"Oh hay!"
I was elected by a majority, and have been a Board Member and Secretary-Treasurer for the District.
Some teachers and parents express concern that assessments of body composition (or weight status) will make a child overly concerned about their body and lead to eating disorders. There is no research evidence suggesting that this likely to occur. On the other hand, lack of knowledge about body composition and the lack of appropriate perceptions of body image may be greater contributors to the development of eating disorders.
Sounds like the Vancouver police took a page right out the Seattle PD playbook, where "excessive force" has become almost synonymous with that city's police department. The department's excesses - Tasering a pregnant woman three times in 42 seconds after she refused to sign a speeding ticket and get out of her car, shooting to death a partially deaf wood-carver holding a knife used in his trade, punching jaywalkers in the face - lead to a U.S. Department of Justice review that determined Seattle cops committed civil rights violations in one out of every five incidents where officers used force. The DoJ said only a tiny proportion of civil rights violations were ever investigated by the police department, and only a small portion of those resulted in discipline for the officers involved, and when discipline was meted out, it was rarely more than a slap on the wrist. The DoJ's findings could lead to court-ordered reforms of the city's police department, what local politicians have called a federal "takeover" of Seattle PD.
(Give someone credit for something and name it if you can).
Karma’s a bitch.
Spoon into cake tin and bake for 1 hour. Remove from oven and
Miliband also called for "cooperation not conflict in the workplace". Yet trade unionists know that it is the bosses and management who have to be dragged to the table by the unions in order to negotiate.
I had 3 inspiration sources.
I did a short stint of university level psychology. In an experiment to demonstrate the way people think, a situation was set up where a loud crash was heard in an adjoining room to where people were waiting. If the majority in that room didn’t react, then neither did the test subject. It works the other way around as well: if the majority suddenly got up and ran from the room, then the stranger who had no idea what’s going on ran also.
The downsizing of IPAs leads to compromises. The Widmers have made a tasty, balanced beer. Pour this in a glass and hand it to a hophead, and she'll be happy. Just leave out the India part.
2. Lack of Ideas. Johnson’s only real electoral rival is Ken Livingstone, back in the Labour Party fold since January 2004 having won his first of two terms (2000-2004) as a maverick candidate outside the scope of a party machine. Staring at his campaign pamphlets, we wondered to ourselves: is this really the same man who once introduced visionary policies on transportation and air quality? The basic thrust of Livingstone’s campaign appears to be a series of virtually inconsequential financial subsidies: a 7% public transport fares reduction in a settlement where the price of a single bus journey starts at £1.30 is hardly pulsating; the restoration of a £30/week education grant, while welcome, is far from material.
Tomorrow I must focus on cleaning the house and taking my machines in for a good cleaning!
Im interested to hear what fellow bloggers/public think about this situation.
At 89 x 141mm overall size, the notebook is a little smaller than A6.
It's easy to get pulled down into the darkness, the anger, the fear, the sadness.
ARRRRRRRRRGH! However it’s probably just as well as lunch consisted of this:
(Yeah, I know. I’m surprised Wednesday still talks to any of them too!)
A human soul must be respected. These people did not respect the human soul. The man was calm and kept his cool. He refused to be blindfolded, and insisted upon facing death with open eyes. They covered their faces, while his face was not covered. He stood solid as a mountain, and said the two parts of the shahada: “I bear witness that there is no god but Allah, and I bear witness that Muhammad is His messenger.” “I bear witness that there is no god but Allah, and I bear witness that Muhammad is His messenger.” He said: “I bear witness that there is no god but Allah,” but they did not let him complete it, and they beheaded him. The man died saying: “There is no god but Allah.” How can anyone curse a man, who says: “There is no god but Allah”? Anybody whose last words are “There is no god but Allah” goes to Paradise.
was four, I was able to predict her mood swings with great accuracy,
There’s no use in study, got nothing left, can’t stay awake
Deep fry in oil (Crisp ‘n’ Dry is great) and then top with sour cream and cheese. Add loads of grated garlic if you want to frighten vampires.
Kerry: “Food hoarding and judiciously distributing to the worthy.” Also facilitating suicide for those who want to check out.
The Woman’s Handbook covers the three most important parts of our lives: ourselves, our relationships and our purpose—which should always be our passion.
Bells Two Hearted Ale.
‘Twas upon nearing the door that three guards ahead were bringing in a dishevelled and roguish looking prisoner who appeared to have had a recent peppering from a blunderbuss. Once closer the prisoner looked at me and immediately exclaimed: “Er, ’tis the Highwayman! You nearly killed me when ye fired that blunderbuss at me!”. Then realised this to be one of the villains I encountered when extracting the money some of Tyler’s gang members had stolen from Miss Lucy Hendridge the month last.
The easier something is to use the more it is used.
We always go back and forth about talking about Mom;s medical stuff. But we figure that it is such a big part of all of our lives that we should share. and we never know who might read this and be struggling with something similar.
In fraction of a second he was gone.
· A pint of Guinness takes awhile to be poured properly--if you're in a hurry then order something else.
A person can't claim to "teach" something by standing idly by and hoping that a "lesson" is absorbed passively. It's the same reason that abstinence-only sex education does not work; by avoiding the topic, children don't receive any factual information. The only way to ensure that our children learn right from wrong is to teach them, and teaching requires frank discussions and conversations.
My role in the process of a book’s publication was designed to answer these questions for authors, as well as do the legwork obtaining media and publicity exposure. As someone with a variety of publishing experience – I worked at HarperCollins in Publicity, then Scholastic in Online Marketing Partnerships, and later became an agent with a boutique firm, which is why my company is truly a hybrid – I saw that publishing was changing fast, and that my diverse experience might actually help to navigate authors (and editors, and agents) across the digital divide from traditional publishing into new media.
People can go there to enjoy the entertainment, to find out about various products and to savour those special show delicacies like fairy floss, toffee apples and hot cinnamon donuts. However, one important aspect of the show is competing, whether it’s in cooking, crafts, wood cutting, showing livestock or show jumping.
Toys ‘R’ Us employees do not actually set up the displays; they leave this up to the vendor, but they should be aware of the merchandise being sold in their stores nonetheless. These comic books are sold at the front checkout counters so they are highly visible to employees, managers, customers and children. Unfortunately, children are now being exposed to same-sex marriage in a toy store. This is the last place a parent would expect to be confronted with questions from their children on topics that are too complicated for them to understand. Issues of this nature are being introduced too early and too soon, which is becoming extremely common and unnecessary.
There’s no low, no lie and no misconduct to which Democrats won’t ‘bow’. And Obama will take ‘no second’ to anyone. As much as he and the Democrats would like to portray themselves as American Hero’s, they’re anything but. They all more closely resemble a White House Full of Jokers And Dangerous Fools.
Is there a ‘hard target’ IQ number at which people who fall under it are simply just too dumb to realize that this has been precision timed to run right up into the gut of the presidential election???
All next day I waited for her return
1 glowered
But if you thought you could resist Maskarade on the basis of Opera North’s first British professional production in 1991 (which was far from ideal, but still vastly better than the lethargic affair I saw at the Royal Opera in Copenhagen a couple of years ago), then this new Decca recording could well change your mind.
At bottom, I suspect that there is a scientistic type of fundamentalism at work here. Multiverse theorists are more certain that divine causation can’t happen than they are of any of the premises of an argument that concludes divine causation can happen. I am not sure what else could explain their believing that the multiverse is the best explanation of the fine-tuning of our universe.
2. It’s self-righteousness. Thinking better than other people.
“Thank you very kindly, folks, for lettin’ me into your livin’ rooms tonight, I come from the great dusty state of Oklahoma. I’d like to sing y'all a tune about how folks from my parts toil and sweat all day long just to line the pockets of a privileged few. It’s not fair, and I tell you, somethin’ ought to be done about these big city fat cats. Eventually, someone will. In the meantime, I reckon I’ll just have to sing about it”.
Where is my life headed this time?
-- and for what? To scream for more free stuff from the government! Yet
My broken heart is healing
That´s really the end of the hard work. Now attach the shield arm and put the sword on the figure´s right hand. See? He doesn´t look strange at all. In fact it´s a very nice pose which would be very difficult to manufacture as a (one piece) plastic kit.
*On an aside, if you get the Hammer of Dawn…pull the trigger (when you’re outside and everyone is out of the way.) You know Marcus wouldn’t hesitate to say pull the trigger.
Just as you did with the casing, turn in and press 1/4" or serge finish the bottom edge
The most interesting conversation of the evening was with a man I'll call Santa (because why not? He was in red) who greeted me as if he knew me and started joking around with me; a woman who looked familiar; and a man I'd never met (ringless, but turned out to be married to the woman). Santa mentioned how often our paths cross in the parking lot near my office. I actually had no idea who he was. I can't recognize faces very well (a huge liability), and this came up in conversation. I mentioned how I say to a friend more often than I'd like "who was that who just hugged me?" So Santa asked if I recognized him when he waved at me and I admitted I did not. He asked if I knew who he was and I said I did now because he'd mentioned his first name in telling a story about a professor of his (and I'm good with names), but that I'd had no idea at the beginning of the conversation. (Did I mention I'm kind of compulsively honest in response to questions?)
All food for thought on this glorious Spring day when the sun is shining and the flowers are opening in the garden. I am going to Thorpe Perrow Arboretum shortly with friends - to see the daffodils and (hopefully) the baby frogs and to have a lovely bowl of soup in the cafe after our walk. My tools of the trade today will be a fairly stout pair of walking shoes - that's all. My report will appear tomorrow.
The next sketch is made by Claire, her first on this blog and you can find that sketch at the end of this post.
of boundless happiness.
Then the next generation took over, The house was a bit tatty. Visitor numbers dropped and work needed to be done. But instead of putting their hands in their pockets and paying for it, paying for what they got for free, no, these lot were greedy. They sold the silver and they sold the paintings. They made some fast money, spent a little on the house, but kept most of it. But now there was nothing to see and people stopped coming. They needed more money. So then they sold the Gardens, the water systems and the generator to private companies. The other people who lived there were offered shares in the companies. Oh yeah, they were given the choice to buy what they already owned! So, what once only needed to make enough to improve and maintain it’s existence, now has to make a profit. Greedy shareholders and directors want to make cash. So the cost to use these things rocketed. People got in debt to pay for them, couldn’t afford them and so moved out. So when the next generation moved in… us, there is nothing to see so there are no visitors, so no income. You can’t afford the water, the electricity or to walk to your house.You are fucked!
Stone Brewing Co. Stone Levitation Ale
We started with the combination plate which had lots of lovely little delights such as deep fried shrimp, Taquitos and of course the Jalapeño poppers. My favourite part was the beautiful dips of taquito and a pan asian salsa, they were so flavoursome. I have since found out they sell these by the litre, so I will be going back to get those very soon.
This approach requires that a parent delay a response to a negative situation with a child until it is clearly understood what the true need of the child is; the reaction is in a manner that strictly addresses the need.This sounds pretty good. Figure out what the underlying need is before reacting. Yes.
"I figured this was at night before you put her down. But she looks happy doesn't she?
I also had my first yoga class this weekend passed, and thoroughly enjoyed it. I was very stiff afterwards and the next day (this could explain my poor running?), but will be going back a couple of times this week, and if I continue to like it I will keep on going!
I have watched a couple of their reality shows. (Okay, I admit it: I do watch sometimes as my brain is defusing from all-day real problems that are not seen on the K’s shows).
And the Saturday mornings at his Grandfather's hardware store inspired his designs using corrugated steel, chain link fencing, unpainted plywood...
No more wounded hearts
Mama came to a PTA meeting wearing a purple dress with matching earrings. She was very pretty. I still have a cookbook my Mama bought from their fundraiser. I have probably made a hundred peach cobblers from one of the recipes.
“That cranberry pistachio bar, is that made with GF oats?”
One of our fellow bloggers and dear friend Yara lost everything yesterday in a devastating house fire. She and her family are all safe, but they have lost everything.
Not entirely mistaken. There is surely some truth in the quotation, in some parts or aspects of American life. But African-Americans in a nearly all-black neighborhood are certainly in a position to oppress non-black residents of that neighborhood; hence the tensions in e.g., south central L.A. vis-a-vis Asian shopowners and Hispanics. Social workers need to be culturally aware of such things — not just waltz in with ideas that are a half-century old, and that no longer apply in many geographical areas where social workers are especially likely to serve.
- Introduction to a Devout Life, St. Francis de Sales
Midland Park Police Chief John Casson witnessed the blaze. He was only 3 years old at the time, but his father took him to watch.
A: If your pineapple guava, or Feijoa sellowiana, is losing some leaves from the bottom, this is normal. As the new foliage starts, it will lose the older leaves.
SPRING HILL, Tenn. -- General Motors is expanding production at its Spring Hill plant, recalling hundreds of idled workers to build four-cylinder engines.
Presbyterian Homes
Junipers
"I was unable to watch the baseball All-Star Game. Did the American League name a replacement viewer for me?" -- Chas K
The collection of DNA at arrest has been the subject of national debate, because opponents point out that it takes place before a suspect is tried in court. Twenty-six states have laws similar to Maryland's, and many have been upheld in state and federal court.
After all, Hart said, "You just can't go up there and play your tunes and wait for the hand-clap. That's not what it was all about. After the song, if someone clapped, it was kind of weird. That's one of the reasons we didn't stop playing -- the clapping really broke up the mood. Would you clap in church?
Here's the Detroit Tigers' starting lineup for today's series finale against the Kansas City Royals (1 p.m., FSD, MLB) . Left-hander Jonathan Sanchez is scheduled to start for K.C.
USAToday wrapped its entire paper Monday with a full-size Jeep ad, meaning none of the "real" Page One was showing.
So what are the trends this year? Fuel-efficient cars with more style and safety features; trendy subcompacts for younger buyers; and small luxury sedans.
While I will certainly miss having him in Bridgeport working passionately on the education of our young people and the sheltering of our poor, I am very pleased to see him elevated to archbishop. I believe that he definitely deserves the recognition.
The Jefferson Awards program was founded in 1972 by Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, Sen. Robert Taft, Jr. and Sam Beard, who also founded the National Development Council. “If we ever lost the spirit of volunteerism in our neighborhoods, it would be a totally different country,” Beard said at the event.
The bureau already has the cameras, and the footage could be accessed remotely on officers' smartphones or laptops.
"I did not have a deal with Judge Gill at all to do what he's saying," Ray told the Star-Telegram. "It's just a complete and total lie."
Paterno at first said he was fooled. But outrage built quickly when the state's top cop said the coach hadn't fulfilled a moral obligation to go to the authorities when a graduate assistant, Mike McQueary, told Paterno he saw Sandusky with a young boy in the showers of the football complex in 2002.
Managing Agency: Bureau of Land Management, (928) 692-4400.
The first African American woman to run a Fortune 500 company, Burns is an unapologetic globalist. She wants to grow her company internationally while containing costs everywhere.
Harry Hughes, who briefly headed Ready's campaign committee for sheriff until he was promoted in the National Socialist Movement, said, "I got an e-mail from him the other day and everything seemed fine."
Huxley is married to Cindy Pasky, president and CEO of Strategic Staffing Solutions and a downtown booster deeply involved in civic and philanthropic groups in the city. Huxley's withdrawal means only one other Detroiter is in contention for the council's two appointments: W. Howard Morris of Detroit, president and chief investment officer of Prairie & Tireman in Detroit.
He likened the proposal to an "insane yard sale" and questioned the logic of selling state assets during a down economic period when they may fetch low bids.
(Alexander was one of just three counties, with Cook and St. Clair, that Quinn carried in the 2010 election. He'd best not plan on winning there again.)
Activities: Angel Outreach ... Yearbook ... Spirit Club.
The final game of the day features Soldan (6-1), the No. 1 team
Academy of St. Martin in the Fields
Instead, in the most cruel twist, the ceremony to honor the NFC champion took place in the visitors' locker room at Soldier Field, and the trophy named for ‘‘Papa Bear'' George Halas was handled by a bunch of Green Bay Packers, winners of an ugly 21-14 slugfest.
Japan's national government has budgeted an initial $35 billion for reconstruction work, and its central bank has pledged billions more in loans. Insurance payouts will also help.
Until those pieces are in place, planners can't map out exactly how police will be deployed, where barricades and traffic management will disrupt access to the city or what any of it will cost, said Rick Jasculca, a Chicago public relations executive who has advised Democratic White House administrations for decades on planning such events, including the APEC summit in Hawaii and multiple G-8 meetings.
School officials at Lindburgh Elementary School in Palisades Park spent this weekend readying plans to help students and staff deal with their grief.
The program attempts to reduce false alarms, which in turn cuts down the time police officers spend responding to those alarms.
Many times, she will launch a sentence that seems to be heading toward making sense, only to wander off course. Then she will say, "I can't find it. It was just here."
Between now and the end of the legislative session, lawmakers will also be in contact with the staffs of sitting members of Congress, who traditionally wield quite a bit of influence behind the scenes in drawing the maps.
Of course, that's not to discount mashed potatoes (such as the garlic version at The Legend in Irvington).
"We need to do something drastic," he remembers thinking as he and his colleagues dreamed up a space they christened the Chemistry Discovery Center. The center would become a prime example of the teaching innovation that is a major component of UMBC's rising national reputation.
This is a real solution that reduces taxes for some, increases it for those who will hardly feel it and spurs the economy. It’s a great chance for a productive and workable compromise if I ever saw one.
The winter solstice is the arrival of winter. The solstice is the moment the tilt of the northern hemisphere of the Earth points farthest from the sun. Most of the world's calendar makers and timekeepers use Coordinated Universal Time, or UTC, to note the moment.
Ms. Suu Kyi's party, however, will have only a small presence in Myanmar's parliament, where most of the more than 600 seats are held by current or former soldiers linked to the old military regime.
Your first reaction is, yes, this is an impressive coterie of coaches — all of them ultimately reaching the NBA, with one of them virtually screeching his way out of the league, before using his bionic larynx for more entertaining purposes.
What's more, Polanski surprisingly gets less than stellar performances from his A-list cast. Reilly and Winslet, both character actors of immense range and depth, somehow fall flat here, while Foster goes so vein-poppingly over-the-top with uptight self-righteousness that it's hard to take her seriously. Only Waltz, playing a corporate attorney with all the moral slipperiness that job implies, inhabits his character in a way that is both convincing and compelling.
"It is great to see this tradition reinstated," said Laurie Hieb, vice president of Wilsonville Youth Sports. "Even the fire trucks will be back.
A late play may have been the last straw for the Fire (2-2-2, 8 points).
"In contrast to big-city festivals, the quality of conversation that you have around the films can happen at a more relaxed pace," says Powers, who also programs the Toronto International Film Festival, where "The Oranges" premiered last September.
Cicinelli, 39, who is free on $25,000 bail, is charged with involuntary manslaughter and excessive force under color of authority for his role in helping subdue Thomas. Prosecutors contend that Cicinelli, a 12-year Fullerton officer, fired his stun gun four times into Thomas, and then smashed him in the face eight times with it after Thomas became nonresponsive.
"It’s just another in a long line of failed attempts to subsidize Atlantic City," said Americans for Prosperity New Jersey Director Steve Lonegan, a conservative who lost to Christie in the 2009 GOP primary. "The Revel Casino hit the jackpot here at government expense."
For those women who can't or don't want to take hormone therapy, perhaps because they have had a history of blood clots or because they have an increased risk of breast cancer, Liu says doctors recommend a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor, or SSRI, such as Lexapro or Zoloft. "That can reduce hot flashes by about 50 percent. But while it works for some folks, others get no relief at all."
two or three wines for about 40 pesos, the most expensive tasting we encountered on our two trips. I bought a bottle of Angelica Zapata malbec 2006 for 180 pesos, about 25 percent less than what it costs in Brazil, which has high import taxes on wine. (Duty-free is still a better deal than the winery.)
Noon-5 p.m. Wednesday-Friday, until 5:30 p.m. weekends. 334-A Ingalls St., Santa Cruz. (831) 426-6209. santacruzmountainvineyard.com.
Reaching the 10,000 mark of students exiting language programs is significant, Greene said because about 12,000 English language learners enter public schools annually.
She wore 1930s-inspired board shorts and a tank top for the swimwear section, and for the evening attire she ditched the gown and heels for a tuxedo. Hutcherson said she planned to change things for the state pageant.
Medical examiner officials said Tuesday that Navneet Kaur, 30, could have been killed by "a multitude of instances," but the case remains open and authorities won't yet say specifically what killed her.
Hudson's 911
"About $100 a month," Ismael says. "Maybe $1,200, $1,300 a year. Goes into the kids' college fund."
Gounaris will take the place of Father Frank Marangos, who stepped down from that role about nine months ago.
- Gov. Chris Christie
“America’s dogs can’t afford four more years of Obama. For them it’s 28 years,” the narrator cautioned.
Of the four candidates running for two seats on the Foxborough Board of Selectmen, two support opening negotiations with Las Vegas casino operator Steve Wynn over his plan to build a $1 billion resort on land leased from New England Patriots [team stats] owner Robert Kraft. The other two candidates oppose any further discussion of a casino.
In the months that it's been off the air, we've seen attempts to imitate the "Mad Men" early-to-mid-1960s period setting, with NBC's short-lived "The Playboy Club" and ABC's likely-to-be-canceled "Pan Am." The new Starz series "Magic City" takes place in a Miami hotel and begins just as 1959 is ending and the 1960s are about to start.
Don't count him out
Kennedy said he believes that the arts and artists will become the retail component of downtown, bringing attractions and foot traffic that will help the transit village and its hundreds of housing units come alive.
For D’Anton Lynn, it just so happens to be at his dad’s workplace.
With Albert Pujols gone, Freese hits fifth, an ideal RBI spot behind Holliday and Lance Berkman. Freese's ability to hit to the opposite field should prevent long slumps and help the Cardinals' lineup score more than anyone thinks possible.
The hourlong show, which debuted April 9, helps struggling venues with mini-makeovers by giving the owners advice. The Purple Orchid Inn Resort and Spa was one of seven businesses tapped for a makeover.
Lush, woodsy and almost impossibly picturesque, the valley winds along the course of the Carmel River, nestled into the steep, looming sweep of the Santa Lucia Range, which separates the Monterey Peninsula and Big Sur from the rest of the world.
The renovations cover two floors on the far east end of the hospital. The wound-care center includes two hyperbaric chambers to promote faster healing of chronic wounds.
It worked, but sage advice couldn't stop Stenhouse's engine from blowing up on the last lap with Edwards on his rear fender. Stenhouse's No. 6 car spun and Edwards, blinded by the smoke, pushed it across the finish line first.
An already rough transition into Team USA hit a dead-end when Anderson came down with pneumonia during World League play in June 2009. He spent two weeks in a San Jose area hospital, two tubes in his chest. Before he was released 7.5 liters of fluid had been drained out of his lungs.
We shouldn't have to make that choice. Come on. It's only $377 million.
Summary: An Apache Junction teacher was hit and killed by a car after he was injured in an earlier accident. Sat Guru Singh Khalsa was riding his moped to work when he was hit by a vehicle and sustained minor injuries. A bystander went to check on Khalsa when the two were struck by another vehicle, authorities said.
"But over time, I've, like a rock that's spent many times being tumbled around in the sea, I've sort of gotten the edges polished off of me. I'm not fighting the same fights that I was back then, the same
Missouri law requires that all new school board members have at least 16 hours of orientation and training within one year of their election or appointment. Various organizations provide opportunity for that training in the St. Louis region.
The deftest way to change a subject is to simply hold up a virtual mirror: You say, "Enough about me. Tell me what you're doing these days?"
Curran worked at the parish between 1980 and 1993, and died in 2000. The Archdiocese has substantiated allegations of sexual abuse against him, according to the church's website, which did not provide additional details about those incidents.
Cracknell and Grachev appeared in games for the Blues this season. Syvret didn't, making 75 appearances for Peoria and leading the defense with 42 points on seven goals and 35 assists. Grachev was the most active of the group with the Blues, dressing for 26 games with one goal and three assists.
Cuyahoga County could use the initiative in tandem with a new "CountyStat Task Force" to find operational problems and inconsistencies, identify solutions and boost accountability, FitzGerald said. In Lakewood, he added, the approach helped reduce the city's fleet.
"When I came out here, I didn't know a single plant. And when I looked for books to help me, there were none," he said.
Saturday's comments were the regime's harshest against the U.N. since Syria announced last month it would abide by the Annan plan.
Burger King is marketing the product through a Web site featuring a photo of its King character reclining fireside and naked but for an animal fur strategically placed to not offend.
WHERE: Bartlett Reservoir. From Carefree, drive east about five miles on Cave Creek Road. As the road bends north, turn east on Bartlett Dam Road and proceed about 13 miles to Forest Road 459. Turn north and drive 0.7 mile to the signed turnoff to Rattlesnake Cove. Turn east and continue about half a mile to the large parking area.
- Reduces the collective bargaining power of about 360,000 public workers in Ohio. The current collective-bargaining law gives workers the right to negotiate on a broad scope of topics including wages, hours, working conditions and any provision from an expiring contract that an employer wants to change. Under SB 5, workers no longer have the right to bargain changes from a previous contract. Certain topics that have been central to negotiations, such as health care benefits, can’t be bargained anymore. Several other topics can be bargained only if management agrees. These topics, known as “management rights,” include the right to decide employee qualifications, starting and quitting times, work assignments, promotion rules and other topics.
HONG KONG (Reuters) - Graff Diamonds, a high-end jeweler based in London, will seek approval from the Hong Kong stock exchange on Thursday for an initial public offering of as much as $1 billion, two sources with direct knowledge of the plan said.
News Corp. declined to comment on Mr. Murdoch's testimony or Ofcom. New York-based News Corp. also owns The Wall Street Journal.
105': At the end of the 1st extra time period, Abby Wambach puts Team USA ahead. 15 minutes of play remain in the match. Team USA 2, Japan 1.
If you would like to adopt Larry, please contact the Gloucester County Animal Shelter at 856-881-2828. Larry would love to meet you today at the Petsmart in Mantua. His ticket number is 215031.
"She played me the whole thing, from beginning to end," Calello said.
5. Teachers and students have to play a dog and pony show to administrators or outside guests to show learning goals and scales etc...
The woman, who was not identified, had been released from a Jersey Avenue apartment where her alleged attacker, Porfirio Nunez-Mosquea, 24, had taken her at gunpoint and tried to sexually assault her, said Middlesex County Prosecutor Bruce Kaplan and city police director Anthony Caputo in a statement.
When: 5-10 p.m. Saturday, Aug. 1.
Fellowship Village Senior Living is seeking volunteer “angels” to assist staff at its 72 acre campus in Basking Ridge.
The changes, part of a broader Wesson reorganization of lawmaker assignments, could make it easier for Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, a close Wesson ally, to get some of his spending proposals passed. Parks, an influential voice on the city budget, stalled or killed key Villaraigosa proposals in his committee, including one to balance the budget by borrowing $43 million over five years to pay for an early retirement program for city employees.
Hickman knows well what that means: "Younger than you."
Buzzo's father — Li Mandri's husband Vincent — died just a few months ago. Now Buzzo's mother is struggling to grasp that her daughter is gone, too.
"We've got to find the same emotion that we had against Pittsburgh," Giroux said. "There were a lot of things going on in that series. It's not going to be as open as Pittsburgh. We need to understand that.
Not all club members are engineering students; Brown said the club recruited business majors, design majors and computer science students to round out their club's presentation. But no matter their major - they all love cars.
Inside file boxes, the Brown years are recorded on state letterhead, Western Union telegrams and in-house memos <U+0096> and, in one case, on a white paper luncheon doily.
Eligible owners of homes and businesses can be approved for a $20 or $35 funding award, depending on the need. Property owners getting paint and supplied through GAP will be required to use local paint suppliers, including W.F. Woodruff, H.H. Hankins & Bros., and Smith & Richards Lumber.
A: I tend to use the word "revitalization," because in it you can fit jobs, physical improvements to a community, increase the economic strength of a community, education -- all those things.
DDR continues to unload less-sterling properties and put cash into better opportunities. During the third quarter, the company sold off shopping centers including West Park Square in Xenia and Elyria Shopping Center in Elyria. The company bought shopping centers in Charlotte, N.C., and Colorado Springs, Colo.
New May Wah Supermarket: 707-719 Clement St. (at Eighth Avenue), San Francisco. (415) 221-9826.
"When government grows, liberty is diminished," Paul said. "The role of government should be to defend liberty."
Removing rigging and yardarms from the three masts is a delicate and dangerous procedure because each component supports something else.
"I don't know. I don't have the crystal ball. We know what we think. We're going to continue to see them battle and work at it. We're going to focus on day to day getting better. Does that mean we have to adjust and do some things? I think the most important thing, talking about the quarterback position, whether it's offense or defense, we got to find a way to get our best 11 on the field.
Thursday's announcement was Ford's third update to its "Way Forward" plan to salvage its sales amid consumers' renewed interest in fuel-efficient vehicles.
Chrysler has won another legal victory with a former dealer who sued the company to reopen his showroom following the company's franchise cuts in 2009.
Nebraska left for the Big Ten and Colorado for the Pac 12 last year. Missouri and Texas A&M will join the Southeastern Conference this fall.
The trail from the overlook to the rim, about three-quarters of a mile, is a pleasant, not-so-steep walk through ponderosa pine, white fir and quaking aspen.
WASHINGTON -- The Obama administration said Monday it's ready to send a highly coveted South Korea trade deal to Congress for final approval.
Alas, "Dawgs By Nature" concludes:
The White House report also slashes the projected deficits for the remainder of the decade, a result of the debt-ceiling accord signed in August and the expectation that the congressional "supercommittee" will find further savings.
Coalition President and CEO Marqueece Harris-Dawson did not blame government officials for the lack of investment. There are government buildings and pocket parks. But banks won't do commercial loans in the area, he said, and many retailers engage in unofficial redlining. "The failure primarily is in the financial sector," he said.
"What made this job so attractive was that the station is very community-minded," Andolsen said. "We work on big projects to move the community forward. I love making the difference, either with small stories or big projects. This is the opportunity to take all my skills, learning and experience to make greater Cleveland a better place by creating vital projects and partnerships."
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- The Ohio State University football program has offered to vacate all 12 of its wins during the 2010 season and what now stands as its sixth straight Big Ten championship, in response to the memorabilia for tattoos/cash scandal and ex-coach Jim Tressel's ensuing coverup.
“The 2012 reunion will focus on WCLL Softball players and sponsors.
"How is it in the public interest to export gas and drive up prices?" DeFazio said Wednesday. "I don't think anyone can credibly make the argument."
42360 Jo Ed Dr., $82,000
"At the beginning of the year, we were on a pace of about a shortage every day," Erin R. Fox, manager of the service, told The Associated Press. "Luckily, that pace has definitely diminished."
Bayern Munich became the first team to advance to a Champions League final it is hosting, beating Real Madrid, 3-1, on penalty kicks as Bastian Schweinsteiger converted the final shot after Sergio Ramos skied his over the crossbar.
Protests were held outside the locked doors at other churches, including the Slovak parish at St. Wendelin, the Hungarian parish at St. Emerik and another Slovak parish at St. John. Other nonethnic parishes, such as the massive St. Patrick church, formed the group Endangered Catholics, which won political endorsements in an organized protest against the diocese. Those churches are among the ones ordered reopened.
On the CNN show, O'Mara said up to 50 people had sent checks for Zimmerman's defense.
Across demographic groups, there was little disagreement:
The U.S. Supreme Court has repeatedly blocked states from regulating high fundraising costs for charities.
In addition, the restaurant offers two sake samplers, handsomely served in tapered glasses set in pastel Plexiglas boxes.
“Actually, breakfast is my favorite meal of the day,” said Steve, looking remarkably calm.
But you don't need to present these facts to the Blues' 6-foot-2, 232-pound winger. He is both aware and accountable.
What Decker sees in Manning is the quarterback who spent 13 seasons surgically dicing up most defenses he faced -- not a 36-year-old with rampant questions about his neck after multiple procedures.
Closing in on 200 wins is Nevada Union's Dave Humphers, known for his game-day fishing hat, wing-T offense and being calm amid chaos.
How difficult that may be became clear earlier this month, when hedge fund Vega Asset Management resigned from the committee that has been leading the negotiations for the private investors. In a letter dated Dec. 7, Vega threatened legal action against Greece if it was forced to take steep losses as part of the restructuring.
Balfour's attorneys proposed an alternate theory: that someone else in the crime-ridden neighborhood on Chicago's South Side targeted the family because of alleged crack-cocaine dealing by Jennifer Hudson's brother, Jason Hudson. During the 30 minutes in which they called just two witnesses, however, they presented no evidence to support that theory.
Rodgers Sr. won't watch the Beavers bowl game. Cable television was removed from Stringfellow last year. But he will wait for updates from the guards as they change shifts.
The Giants love that kind of versatility and dedication. It’s defined Diehl’s career, and Reese labeled Rich Seubert the team’s “MVP” last year when he moved from guard to center and back without missing a beat.
And it's critical to emphasize this: Housing chronically homeless people means saving significant taxpayer dollars. There is a savings of $1 million for every 100 chronically homeless people living with chronic medical conditions who are housed in permanent supportive units with intensive case management, according to recently published data in the Journal of Health Services Research.
The more consumers, schools, stores and offices recycle, the quicker we can create more truly viable green jobs that will help to revitalize the nation's economy without the need for continuous -- and often questionable -- public investment.
Portland-themed lunch
This is a devastating portrait. At times, the U.S. health care system delivers the worst of both worlds: pay more, get less. Unfortunately, the message isn't new. America's fragmented and overspecialized health system maximizes returns to providers -- doctors, hospitals, drug companies -- but not to society. Fee-for-service reimbursement allows providers to reconcile their ethical duty (more care for patients) and economic self-interest (higher incomes). The more they do, the more they earn. Restraints are few, because patients and providers both resist limits on their choices. Government regulators and private insurers are too weak to control costs.
"It shows I was dedicated enough to stick it through."
It allegedly marketed Norian XR for surgeries to treat vertebral compression fractures, a use not approved by the FDA. That promotion led to 200 surgeries in which three people died, although prosecutors said they could not determine what role, if any, the bone cement played.
Her opening scene is of a doctor pronouncing her stricken father brain-dead and his fight to live on -- which he did for those many years, though she wished for the family's life before the stroke. She writes eloquently about the agony of life after Wade's death, the stubborn refusal to sever such physical connections as his room, and the backpack that sat unmoved in a hallway for several years -- and the persistent wish for their life before his death.
And no one thought she'd lost all sense of place and time.
In hopes of convincing Republicans it's time to rally behind Romney, leading Republicans such as Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida and Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin have endorsed him recently; both are viewed as potential running mates. Rhode Island Gov. Don Carcieri has said he would back Romney and Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad may announce his support soon.
If the president, as expected, announces his intention to deploy as many as 20,000 additional U.S. troops in Iraq, he may encounter widespread political and public defiance.
Meadows warned the couple it would take at least a year to make progress, and he was right. In the last two years the business has expanded to more than 800 grocery stores in 18 states with clients ranging from health care institutions to military bases throughout the country and the Middle East.
"Chris, I know you can hear me," she said. "I want you to know I love you. We all love you, and I miss you more than words can say."
Oklahoma led by 12 in the first 8 minutes. The advantage grew to 19 as Ellenberg came out hot in the second half and Oklahoma held the Wolverines without a basket for the first 561/27 minutes.
Jefferson Avenue, 12:18 p.m.: A reporting party called to say a table had been set up on the sidewalk with "propaganda."
But if this team had limped home at 7-9, or something like that, Reid was going to be on the clock.
It is purely an exercise in aggression, a one-on-one test that Urban Meyer uses to determine which player is up to the standards of what he expects at Ohio State and which is not.
Scale works in the opposite direction for Caroline Lather-Stiefel’s “Untitled” space drawing that measures only 8 by 9.5 inches. In this, narrow and jagged gray sticklike shapes seem to be dumped and scattered over swirling and jagged orange shapes.
psychotherapist in Westlake Village. Email him at Barton@BartonGoldsmith.com.
If a left tackle who is an excellent value is available at 19, I'd have no problem if the Bears selected him. I don't suspect that will be the case, however. There probably are three offensive tackles worth taking that high -- Matt Kalil of Southern Cal, Riley Reiff of Iowa and Jonathan Martin of Stanford. My hunch is all three will be off the board by the time the Bears pick, and better values will be available at other positions. The Bears' swing tackle in 2012 very well could be Chris Williams, or, if Williams wins a starting offensive tackle job, the swing tackle could be Webb. Either way, at this point it looks like Williams is moving back to tackle.
If you mostly fish bass, walleyes and panfish then a good all-around spinning reel would have a spool about 1 1/2 to 2 inches in diameter and a gear ratio of about 5.2:1 to 5.6:1.
"Helping people; I am able to do meaningful work."
The woman, who was not identified, had been released from a Jersey Avenue apartment where her alleged attacker, Porfirio Nunez-Mosquea, 24, had taken her at gunpoint and tried to sexually assault her, said Middlesex County Prosecutor Bruce Kaplan and city police director Anthony Caputo in a statement.
"We'll cross that bridge when we come to it," City Manager Bryan Cosgrove responded. The crowd of about 30 applauded.
Residential appraisals will be based on a computer program that analyzes the characteristics of each house and the neighborhood's sales history. The final value will reflect the value of the land and the cost of building a similar replacement house, minus depreciation.
Amoroso also was surprised to discover that 60 minutes of taping time was exactly 60 minutes. (You never know with television.)
The house's sewage feeds into a 500-gallon, underground septic tank. According to Margaux, the county requires a 1,500-gallon tank.
Minton put the chance of rain at 30 percent on Thursday and continuing through the weekend.
"We have no clues whatsoever. We're as stunned and shocked as anyone else. We're horribly saddened. We miss him and we'll always love him," she said.
Reynolds, dressed in a blazer, spoke eagerly of a town center complete with 1,100 hotel rooms, condos and time-share units. He said it was a legacy he was proud to leave Georgia.
The MAC hasn't had two teams go dancing since Wally Szczerbiak was one of the nation's top players as an archetypal late-bloomer at Miami. Kent State, which upset Miami in the 1999 MAC Tournament final, joined Wally World in the NCAAs. Since then, only the conference tournament champion has gotten a bid.
The eureka moment came when Caryl and Jerry Wilson vacationed in Scotland in 1999. Jerry, a voracious reader and bibliophile, had always dreamed of a home library to display and enjoy his beloved books. During a tour of Abbotsford in Melrose, home to novelist Sir Walter Scott, they entered Scott's impressive library; Jerry exclaimed, "This is it!"
Lake's friends laugh when they talk about his love of cheese and his quick wit. His doctors talk about how engaged he is and how his ability to record detailed information about what's happening to him helps them.
Less than two years before the Sochi Games, Putin also said the government could fine companies that are lagging behind in construction.
Porter has been treated on and off at Children's over the last several months for cardiomyopathy, a thickening of the heart muscle from an unknown cause. Porter needs constant medication for his condition, but Jeffrey Stone didn't take needed medication and medical equipment when he left with Porter, according to court documents.
2009: Amanda Earls, Arvada Center's "Just So" and "Honk"
SEMO applied for the federal grant last year, but did not get it then. So officials reapplied this year. SEMO is one of 57 schools that received new grants this year, he said.
With an eye toward the myriad obstacles standing in the way of successful start-ups, Stude assembled a crew capable of covering all the bases from software and website development to marketing to projected financial outcomes.
By 4 p.m. Friday, flows will return to 180 cubic feet per second in the stretch of river between PG&E's Belden Dam and the confluence of the north fork of the Feather River and the east branch of the Feather River near Highway 70, Moreno said.
"If I go to the convenience store for a gallon of milk, I don't carry those kinds of things," said Martin Ortiz, 37, a U.S.-born citizen and maintenance worker from San Diego. "I just slap on a pair of shorts. And a police officer notices me? Why should I get detained?"
"I thought I would get some kind of feeling from the Browns or some other team, that they'd say something or hint at something that would give me a feeling on where I was going to go, but I really have no clue," Tannehill said in a phone interview Monday. "I'm in the dark."
Critics of the program note that job gains are small and have made little difference in the state's stubbornly high unemployment rate. The typical wind project, once construction workers leave, hires only a handful of full-time people.
Lyndhurst Mayor Joseph Cicero says he opposes it because his city already has spent millions of dollars on special assessments used to make storm water repairs.
What's ahead for Howard "is hard work, and get back and ready for next year." He called his season bittersweet, because while Detroit's goaltending wasn't the issue in the series, the only thing that matters is how very quickly the Wings were eliminated.
"One thing we're doing different is we're playing a lot of different positions," Yarnway said. "That makes our backfield a little more dynamic."
5 Amber Finley Washington
The West, wrote Stegner -- who was born in 1909 in Iowa and grew up in Montana, Utah and elsewhere before settling in Northern California's Los Altos Hills until his death in 1993 -- was a place defined by its restlessness. It was a region, in other words, from which people largely moved on, with considerable literary consequences.
Nelson, the OHSU physician and researcher, said it's impossible for clinical trials to define a specific age to begin screening. "You've got benefits increasing with age, and harms decreasing with age, but at what point the risks become acceptable is a judgment call," she said.
Streak overcome
Obviously, given his enormous contract, Stoudemire will be nearly impossible to trade. But if that weren't the case, and you were Knicks general manager Ernie Grunfeld, would you pull the trigger on a deal to get STAT out of town?
Rated: R for some violent content and brief sexuality.
The four members include Larry Pepper, class of 1961, Fran Reilly, class of 1961, Chalky Ottinger, class of 1967, and Mark Ronchetti, class of 1977.
Best qualifying performance: 2:22:38, 2011 Boston Marathon.
Now they must find a way to keep their foot on the throat of the Memphis Grizzlies and close out a playoff series many people picked them to lose.
Tested: I found the $140 rate available mostly for midweek stays and $165 a night on weekends. I found availability for a room with a king-sized bed May 21-23 for $140 a night plus tax. How much do you save? Best available rates for the same rooms on the same nights start at $240 a night plus tax -- up to $100-a-night savings.
"Nico, my character in ‘Choke,' has nothing to do with this film. Nico doesn't know how to make love. Sex is a drug to her. She suffers inside, she feels a lot of pain," she says.
She said the mood was somber.
The other two members are Melanie Adams, a program director at the Missouri History Museum appointed by Mayor Francis Slay, and Richard Gaines, an insurance executive appointed by St. Louis Aldermanic President Lewis Reed.
8. New York Red Bulls 4-3-1 (8)
It might be bearable if (as in “Knight and Day”) there were even a fleeting moment of wit. Or if (as in “The Losers”) the picture accepted its own witlessness and even indulged it with a bit of camp or amusingly over-the-top action.
He's also scheduled to appear on "The View" and "Hannity" on Tuesday to discuss the uproar that sprung up after he made an analogy that President Barack Obama and House Speaker Rep. John Boehner golfing together was like Nazi leader Adolph Hitler and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu playing a round.
The forces that have moved many kindergartens in this direction include the 1983 "A Nation at Risk" report, in which a federal commission found that the U.S. was losing ground in commerce and science and placed part of the blame on a lax education system. The report focused on high school, but as educators sought to ramp up the upper grades, the pressure trickled down to grade school.
Simpson wasn't alone.
So what took so long to get to this point? Well, the cracked main detected in November runs beneath three other waterlines and ducts filled with electric, phone and cable wires. Officials told Road Rant it took time -- a lot of it, obviously -- to devise a fix-it plan that didn't disrupt utility service to the East Ninth corridor and completely close the intersection.
Sun Peaks isn't widely known outside British Columbia, but it should be. In B.C., it is second in size only to Whistler and has the country's third biggest skiable area, 3,678 acres of diverse terrain including alpine bowls, glade skiing, snowboard parks, groomed cross-country trails and backcountry routes. Spread across three mountains are 121 downhill runs up to five miles long. Sun Peaks also has the biggest vertical drop (2,891 feet) in interior B.C. And all of that is bathed in 2,000 hours of annual sunshine, which gives the area its name.
Chances: Possible -- but not out of the top 10.
Outside the family home of one of the dead men, identified by local media as Haroon Jahan, a group of young Asians—mainly ethnic Pakistanis—vowed vengeance. "People are very angry," said a bearded man in a shalwar kameez who declined to give his name. "There's going to be retaliation. An eye for an eye."
3 positions
This year, for the first time, the nationwide aggregation of religious traditions, dubbed the "Religion Census," counted non-denominational evangelical congregations, ranging from storefront sanctuaries to megachurches.
A. I learned through long and painful experience that you can't do anything with an eye to how it's judged. There's no point. All you can do as an artist is work as hard as you can, be as disciplined as you can, be as authentic as you can, and let the chips fall where they may. If I worried about being judged, I wouldn't leave my house.
Ravi faces 15 counts of invasion of privacy, hindering apprehension and bias intimidation. If convicted of the most serious bias intimidation charges, he faces up to 10 years in prison. He is not charged in relation to Clementi's death.
You, too, can enter the $1.25 Ask The Slouch Cash Giveaway. Just email asktheslouch@aol.com and, if your question is used, you win $1.25 in cash!
FAA is examining whether staffing on those overnight shifts should be increased.
Jason Patton's RBI single in the third gave the Rascals a 1-0 lead and made Florence pay for allowing leadoff batter Danny Sawyer to reach on a fielding error.
It costs a lot to send people to prison, and those supporting SB 163 are counting on huge savings from this reform as a source of funding for drug treatment programs. No savings, no treatment.
The marketplace "was distributing dangerous and addictive drugs to every corner of the world, and trying to hide their activities through the use of advanced anonymizing online technology," said Briane M. Grey, acting special agent in charge of the Los Angeles Field Division for the Drug Enforcement Administration.
The IPRC was ready to make a move, and a poll confirmed that 70 percent of respondents favored a move and 63 percent said they would use the center more often if there was more space. MaryKay West, a board member and commercial real estate broker, led a search that eventually turned up an old solar panel warehouse at 1001 S.E. Division St., across from the newly renovated Ford Building and close to a planned stop on the new MAX line. The building has about 4,000 square feet of space, almost four times as much as the downtown office. More than half of it is floor space with 15-foot ceilings, plenty of room for the letterpress and the zine library and the Yeti Research Station and the Zine Machine.
Celebration travel — birthdays, weddings, anniversaries — is a staple. "We had a lovely young couple who were going to be in Kenya and decided they'd like to get married. We were able to arrange a Masai wedding." One family chartered the Sea Cloud for a 50th birthday celebration for 50 people.
øJawbone may be up for the challenge, but my experience spending a few weeks with the product has been, alas, up and down.
Noon-5 p.m. Wednesday-Friday, until 5:30 p.m. weekends. 334-A Ingalls St., Santa Cruz. (831) 426-6209. santacruzmountainvineyard.com.
All-mail voting
"What if the suspension causes Ubaldo Jimenez to just miss the AL All Star Game, which enables the Pirates to gain home field advantage in the World Series?" -- Bill Schmidt
Lakin, who once headed the powerful Lakin Law Firm in Wood River and bankrolled political campaigns, pleaded guilty in 2008 in federal court of possession with the intent to deliver cocaine, distributing cocaine to a person under 21 and maintaining a drug-involved premises.
Trayvon, 17, was killed Feb. 26 in Sanford, Fla. when Zimmerman, a member of a neighborhood watch group, shot the unarmed teen. Zimmerman, 28, said he shot the boy in self-defense, and police in Florida declined to prosecute him — a decision that was condemned by civil rights groups and others who questioned the role that race might have played in the case. Trayvon was African-American; Zimmerman is Latino.
Summit's company, Bespoke Innovations, takes off-the-shelf prosthetics with the latest advances and surrounds them in personalized "fairings," a term borrowed from the shapely casings that reduce drag on motorcycles.
The Hit Men are not a cover or tribute band, Shapiro said.
Toomin's words are worth repeating: "The criminal law is to be enforced evenhandedly."
G Ayana Ratliff, Bishop Loughlin
They found the staff of examiners inadequate to glean critical detail from banks' books. They spotted inconsistencies in how they gauged financial weaknesses. And they discovered that inspectors did not follow up on fraud risks they detected at banks.
Hamilton finds a unifying theme running through "A Chorus Line" (June 3-July 3), "The Secret Garden" (July 22-Aug. 21) and "Victor/Victoria" (Sept. 9, 2011-Oct. 9, 2011):
Investigators are documenting the wreckage and hope to remove the engine of the helicopter by the end of the weekend, Bridget Serchak, a spokeswoman for the NTSB, said this afternoon.
May 25: Lynyrd Skynyrd will play at Carb Day at the track.
And it also takes a special person once the student/athlete gets on campus. The work to get into an Ivy institution is difficult and time-consuming, but after that, the road gets even more bumpy … then add in football.
“So the road should be put back as it was before since the construction is done.
Later that year, he was made pastor of St. Anthony Shrine in Emmitsburg, and received an additional pastorate, Our Lady of Mount Carmel in Thurmont, in 1987.
In May, Phoenix detectives approached Tempe Police Detective Tom Magazzeni when they learned about Tempe's cold case. They worked closely together and began to see similarities between Surette's and Jane Doe's murders.
European stock markets moved higher Monday as investors come back from a long holiday weekend to find Japanese markets hitting recent new highs.
Demjanjuk had been tried in Israel after accusations surfaced that he was the notorious Nazi guard "Ivan the Terrible" in Poland at the Treblinka death camp. He was found guilty in 1988 of war crimes and crimes against humanity, a conviction later overturned by the Israeli Supreme Court.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Hordes of extras ran screaming out of Terminal Tower and onto Public Square Monday night --- several times.
EUREKA'S HIRTH WILL HEAD TO ILLINOIS
Kirby said he made the sculpture in three parts jutting upward to represent the three communities in the area. The red in the sculpture symbolizes the buoys in the channel of the river. The interlocking pieces symbolize the nearby Lock and Dam Number 27, the southernmost in the river.
The score was tied 1-1 at 12:34, but only briefly.
He said strong leisure demand shows that the higher prices haven't kept passengers on the ground.
"If we’re not going to build new buildings, we need to keep the ones we have online," Morlino said. "You wouldn’t let your roof at home leak for years and years, why would you want that in your child’s school?"
Sidewalks will have BiFi benches, with bio-filtration devices that sponge water from the street to plants in the benches.
Gov. Chris Christie announced in a press conference this afternoon he would not run for president. "I will not abandon my commitment to New Jersey. I will fix a broken New Jersey. I'm proud of the work we've done, but I know I'm not nearly done," the governor said. The news came after reports he was reconsidering a run for the White House and speculation about his decision in the last week. Christie had insisted for quite some time he would not run for president.
Hoskins directed "The Raggedy Rawney" (1988), a unique treatise on war and family in which a young soldier (Dexter Fletcher) deserts his post, poses as a mute woman and joins a band of Gypsies. The period seems vaguely World War II-ish, and the country vaguely European, but the military is far from heroic, terrorizing civilians, stealing their supplies and virtually kidnapping their young men. Hoskins plays Darky, leader of the Gypsies, whose objective is to keep the tribe on the move — and free — at all costs.
Like an ineradicable weed, the tradition is driven by powerful biology and fueled by exposure to sun and water through deceptively complex roots. And yet, unlike an ineradicable weed, its history includes George Hamilton, Sonny Bono and a staggering number of sons and daughters of California.
Only one other time in the Open era were there no Americans in the round of 16 at a Grand Slam tournament — the 1973 Australian Open, when no one from the United States entered the field.
With Betim Bujari and emergency reserve Matt McBride sidelined by injuries, Flood didn’t feel comfortable using another center. So the one-sided affair at High Point Solutions Stadium was brought to an early halt.
Both McGoff and Brooks have publically questioned McIntosh's residency and voting record.
At the same time, most evangelicals and other conservatives who make up the base of the GOP are strongly opposed to gay marriage. And Obama's position could end up unifying conservatives behind presumptive GOP nominee Mitt Romney, who has struggled to win them on his own. The former Massachusetts governor opposes gay marriage, but has spoken in favor of gay rights in the past.
11057 Wilwood Dr, $73,000
Some of his concerns -- such as Kent's failure to reduce tuition at its regional campuses -- can be resolved without holding this project hostage. Fingerhut also doubts Kent needs to raise extra money to retire the bonds -- a contention school officials strongly dispute.
NEW YORK (AP) — Andrew "Fuzzy" Levane, who coached the New York Knicks during the late 1950s and later was a longtime scout for the team, has died. He was 92.
Tonight’s episode showed us a glimmer of Emily’s heart when she took back the DVD that would have revealed David Clarke as Charlotte’s father. Aside from this moment, however, it was hard to believe that there was any feeling inside her. Her lack of compassion for Jack and Amanda, as well as her complete disregard for Nolan’s warnings make it seem as if she is also manipulating the Jack situation. Yes, Amanda out of the picture works out for Emily’s ultimate revenge plot, but it also leaves Jack able to continue to pine.
"We are putting the reputation and integrity of the (testing branch) at stake..." Morgan wrote. "We are a public agency and the data and conclusions contained in our reports can end up costing contractors thousands to millions of dollars. Our work also can be linked to the safety of the traveling public." He said that he refused to "participate in a charade" about Wiles' work.
Senior Justin Rueter drilled a 3-pointer late in the quarter and another early in the fourth to keep the Hawks' hopes aloft, but Kaufmann had the defining play of the game, skying over a crowd under the basket for a tip off the glass that put to rest hopes for a Gibault comeback.
The body of Khalil Rasjed Dale, 60, was dumped close to the southwestern city of Quetta on April 29. A note attached to his body said he had been killed because a ransom was not paid. The veteran aid worker was kidnapped in the city in January.
The precise timing of the work is subject to change due to weather or other factors. Motorists are encouraged to check NJDOT’s traffic information website www.511nj.org real-time travel information.
An Avis/PV spokeswoman did not return a call for comment.
The bells peal out across the water as survivors of the great 2006 quake drop flowers off the side of the new eastern span of the Bay Bridge -- completed three years ago, and named for a firefighter who died rescuing a man from a submerged Honda. The man he saved is present with his 7-year-old daughter.
Thomas called timeout, pulled goalie Joshua Guinn, who stopped
Tony Parker had 19 points and Tiago Splitter added 18 as the Spurs improved to 11-1 overall, 6-1 at home.
The seven-member town council first approved the idea in March, but it ignited such controversy that the mayor agreed to put it to a referendum in the hamlet of mostly retirees.
Highly publicized drug-cartel killings in Acapulco's tourist zone, a hand grenade in a popular Guadalajara nightclub only a block from the upscale Hotel Fiesta Americana, and muggings and shootings near Mazatlán's cruise port are signs that tourist destinations are no longer insulated from the drug-related violence wracking Mexico. Monterrey, one of Mexico's most important medical tourism destinations and an upscale city that enjoyed a quiet distance from the brunt of the conflagration in its early years, has seen a raft of shootouts and kidnappings, prompting the State Department to order all its personnel in the city to
Gelato Dolce Vita
There was also a tribute to the recently reunited Beach Boys that featured Maroon 5, Foster the People and Mike Love, Al Jardine and Brian Wilson, the three remaining members of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame band, all pitch-perfect as they brought the groups California rock sound and harmonies back to life.
North coach Scott Topal of Granite City, who was coaching in his first all-star game, was all smiles afterward.
According to statistics included in Teeter's presentation, small businesses experience nine times the job growth of an average business after receiving assistance from the center. Also, those businesses have a 50 percent better chance of survival than those who do not seek help.
"When do we recover the ground we lost?" Steindel said. "At least on the employment front, we haven't made a whole heck of a lot of progress."
-- Experience: Avalos has lived in San Francisco 20 years, 15 of them in District 11. He worked as a legislative aide to Supervisor Chris Daly from January 2005 to July 2008. Previously he was an organizer and political coordinator for the Service Employees International Union and the director of organizing for Coleman Advocates, a child advocacy organization. He is president of the San Francisco People's Organization.
A vehicle was stolen Saturday in the 900 block of Olive Branch Court.
There's a new site for that. It's called BackBid (www.backbid.com), and within hours of his telling it about his confirmed reservation at the St. Regis, where a standard room starts at $579 a night, seven competing hotels had contacted him with lower prices.
Base models came with 110-horsepower V6s, but owners could get 5.0-liter and 5.7-liter V8s. That was good enough to make Impala Motor Trend Car of the Year.
"In my contract, I'm only to coach Nike athletes," Salazar said. "If Nike hadn't signed Mo, I would have argued strenuously that if you let these other guys do it, why can't I?"
4. Fold the cording in half, take the folded end, tape it around the end of the chopstick and feed it through the casing. Tie a knot at the cording's end.
“I have tapes and books on the language, culture and tourist spots, but I haven’t looked at them as much as I should,” he said. “Now that school started, I plan on studying all that stuff just as if I was signed up for a course on it. I do want to take it seriously, and who knows, maybe I can begin to hold a small conversation in Japanese.”
A fielder's choice loaded the bases again before Underwood crunched a 3-2 single into center scoring two runs. The Panthers added two more in the fifth on a two-run, two-out single by sophomore Taylor Bowlby.
At the same time, they live by a Christie credo: Whatever you say in the backroom stays in the backroom.
Luck vows to make the best of whatever talent he has around him. (At the youth charity event Wednesday, he managed to throw a long touchdown pass to a tyke as time expired in a passing drill).
-And in the end, benefits reform was achieved.
NEWARK — This evening’s Easter dinner at the Hughes household didn’t deviate much from the annual fare: barbecued pork ribs and simmering collard greens were among the foods that stewed in aluminum trays in the kitchen, and a rich red velvet cake was eyed as a centerpiece dessert.
Today's 26-9 vote sends the measure back to the House.
In the Chicago Bulls locker room, stunned players sat at their stalls, showered, dressed and tried to explain what just happened to their injury-riddled 2011-12 season that came to a deflating end.
Higley teachers were given a 5 percent raise in April, and the base salary for a beginning teacher was raised in February by nearly $1,600 annually to $35,000 a year.
Gather up the olives from your trees and learn how to cure them from award-winning olive oil producers at Old Chatham Ranch. Kit and George Lee began growing olives as a way to connect to their property that dates back to 1856. Now they share their passion and knowledge with others through seminars and workshops called the Elder Series. www.oldchathamranch.com/olives.html. Workshop details: (707) 895-2955, www.themadrones.com/workshops.aspx.
Holmgren's two stabs at quarterback during his time here -- Jake Delhomme in free agency and Colt McCoy in the 2010 draft -- don't exactly ratchet the anticipation for a third foray by him. But as team president charged with turning the fortunes of this franchise, he absolutely should exercise his authority on the most important position on the field.
The deal excludes online prices and some categories of merchandise -- groceries, live plants, tobacco, prescription drugs and wireless devices that require a service agreement.
Did you see it, Dale, Theo, Jed, Jason?
According a 2008 survey conducted by the Contraceptive Choice project, an ongoing cohort study conducted by the Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis and involving about 10,000 women between ages 14 and 45, two-thirds of the participants indicated that they would choose an IUD or contraceptive implant over other contraceptive methods in the absence of financial, provider-knowledge or logistical barriers.
The victim said he was crossing the street when he saw a group of about five males, and when the two armed men began shooting he ran but was struck once, reports said.
The name of the 23-year-old was not made public by police.
3. The NCAA alleges that the school awarded more scholarships to athletes under the Dr. James E. Dorsey Scholarship program than permissible, in that the amount of aid was higher than that given to the general student body.
If the game goes to overtime, the Devils might have an added edge again. Despite being short-handed twice in the extra period on Thursday, New Jersey improved to 3-1 in overtime in these playoffs. Four of the Devils' past five games have gone beyond regulation, including wins over Florida in Games 6 and 7 of the first round.
So, you've made it. First, let me offer my congratulations and applaud you for your perseverance.
But it is <U+0093>American Bandstand<U+0094> for which Clark will be best-known and most revered <U+0097> a show that ran from 1957 to '87 and was memorialized in the 1958 Chuck Berry hit <U+0093>Sweet Little Sixteen<U+0094>: <U+0093>They'll be rockin' on <U+0091>Bandstand,' Philadelphia, P.A.<U+0094>
"That's why it doesn't happen."
The newspaper then requested information showing how many points have been required to pass the 14 ISAT tests in reading, math and science for the last five years, and was provided the data by the State Board of Education.
A number of readers posted links to studies of the effectiveness of prayer in healing. Not surprisingly, some studies assert that it does help and some that it does not. Of course, there are many variables in these studies and it is easy to challenge their validity. Readers went back and forth on their acceptance or rejection of these studies.
The defenders say they are overworked beyond the breaking point. Some prosecutors say they don't believe it. And the sides cannot agree on a common set of numbers to frame their dispute.
Reports also suggest that babies do not receive as much interaction from tech-addicted parents, potentially changing the way babies acquire language skills. Is there a measurable impact when children are raised by parents who keep one eye on a screen and the other on the household? The constant connectivity that has become such an accepted part of our lives has changed our very brain structure, along with the social and psychological effects.
The Hoboken Police Department handed out at total of 296 citations and 80 traffic violations – both numbers significantly lower than last year’s 555 citations and 222 traffic violations. The top citation offense was possession of an open container with 115 reported incidences, followed by 59 citations for urinating in public. Police responded to 470 service calls this year, down from last year's 717 calls.
But Madison County attracts so many asbestos-related cases that years ago its courts devised a special process to manage them. Law firms with that specialty are assigned blocks of trial dates in their own name, and lawsuits are filled in as they're filed.
She has received a few sponsorships, but the real reward is how she feels.
"I don't know ... it's just a game," Bowlby said after pitching 12 innings in relief of Taylor Barnouski. "For me, it's a challenge, and you've got to step up every inning. It's a game. That's pretty much it. It's not a usual, though."
"What is the parade of horribles?" asked Justice Sonia Sotomayor, if the court were to decide the penalties were not a tax and the health care case went forward? Long suggested that could encourage more challenges to the long-standing system in which the general rule is that taxpayers must pay a disputed tax before they can go to court.
"We won't have Mota for a while. It is what it is, and you move on," manager Bruce Bochy said before the Giants began a three-game series against the Dodgers. "If we get into a situation where we need a pitcher, we're going to have to make a change. Right now we're going with 11 pitchers, and if we have to adjust, we will. We've got some pretty good options, we think, and Brian (Sabean) and I will continue to talk about them."
On tenure reform, Christie said he would propose a bill that affords every child the right to an "effective teacher" and says tenure must be granted and taken away based on teachers’ effectiveness evaluations.
The Cleveland Metroparks. My family and I enjoy being outside and doing things together. With the Metroparks you have the zoo, the RainForest, the golf courses and the trails. It's great to get outside and be with my family.
Rep. John Sullivan, R-Okla., questioned BP's commitment to safety.
Jurors in Sowell’s capital murder trial spent most of Friday in Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Court watching about three more hours of the videotaped interrogation.
Berea -- Berea City Council will have a work session at 7:30 tonight in Council Chambers.
"This is a big step because it makes the information accurate," Jacobs said. "It takes human error out of it."
Printmaker extraordinaire and wildman Tom Huck was responsible for a cookin' New Year's Eve Party at Matt Strauss' White Flag Projects. Last night (Tuesday, Feb. 10), he was the honoree and chief exhibit of another party that was several rungs above average. Susan Barrett of RKL Consulting threw a party for the completion of the second print of the triptych "The Transformation of Brandy Baghead" at Evil Prints Studio, Huck's workshop on Vandeventer. (Jeff Hartz and Philip Slein, Huck's two local dealers, were co-hosts.)
"This whale was towing an entire ecosystem behind it," Anderson said.
First, while I will be the one presenting the Report this morning and answering your questions, I want to acknowledge the extraordinary work of my co-chair, John Egelhof. Since May 26, Mr. Egelhof has put in countless hours, often late into the night, sifting through evidence, reviewing case files and speaking with witnesses. It has been hard work. John did an excellent job, and I thank him for all of his efforts.
Funny, he said, how many of them were 1 irons. There was the shot at Pebble Beach that helped him hold off Bruce Crampton. There was also another 1 iron at Augusta National, with Tom Weiskopf and Johnny Miller pressuring him, that led to his Masters victory in 1975.
1960
“We tried,” Brady said. “I wasn’t sure how close we were to getting there. Obviously, we needed to do a little bit more.”
John Marty DFL/54 N
County with highest percentage of Asians: Washington, 9% of 529,710 residents
CLEVELAND -- The first time Tony Rizzo and Aaron Goldhammer sub-hosted the Jim Rome Show, they sounded nervous. It was difficult to blame them. Filling in for the king of sports-talk radio in this country will upset anybody's stomach -- and vocal cords.
I want to shout from the rooftops that there are more than 330,000 animals of all types, breeds and ages dying in shelters every month in the United States. More important, I want people to educate themselves on the various characteristics of various breeds and the care they require.
More important, it will show everyone how it’s done, Waltman said.
A 9-year-old boy was flown to a hospital after he was found lying unconscious near a Gilbert intersection.
"Just do what got you here.''
Fletcher: Building consensus, innovation, Marine Corps. experiences, fresh starts, family.
The results released also included tests in science for eighth and fourth grades; and the state biology test given to high school students. Also provided was the state's Alternate Proficiency Assessment, which is given to students with significant cognitive disabilities, who cannot participate in regular statewide assessments, even with accommodations.
3/23/12 - Norfolk, VA - Constant Convocation Center
Withey snuffed Ohio State's inside game with seven blocks, three coming in a 45-second span against Jared Sullinger early in the second half. His block of Aaron Craft, who should have pulled up instead of going into Withey's wheelhouse, led to a fast-break basket beating the halftime buzzer and giving the Jayhawks momentum in their 64-62 win.
Plus, unlike heavier roasts normally associated with the Christmas feast, lasagna is a vegetarian option that still feels sumptuous.
"Things certainly look a bit less bad than in the dark days at the turn of the year," Ian Shepherdson, chief U.S. economist at High Frequency Economics, wrote in a research note.
The company, which has had a U.S. headquarters in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., since 1979, has tried previously to crack the U.S. defense sector. It has won two prior contracts and has leased planes to the U.S. Navy, though Congress later killed the program.
"The time in between such a big emotionally and physical meet such as the trials and another is much smaller (than before the 2004 and 2008 Olympics). I think it'll work out for the U.S. team. It just makes us a lot more stressed out not knowing what we're doing this summer. You don't want to be training for an event that you're not going to compete in."
West Anaheim to gather for BBQ
<U+25C6> "You knew when I visited you in (the) hospital (the day following the accident)."
A quick-moving storm last night is meteorological history, making way for 7 days of sunny weather.
Set on the coast of New Zealand in 1984, this comedy-drama is about an 11-year-old kid, a devout Michael Jackson fan, who finally gets a chance to know the father he has long idolized. Dad, however, has been serving time in prison, and the reunion doesn't go quite as expected. Taika Waititi, who wrote, directed and stars as the ne'er-do-well dad, makes the film heartfelt and heartbreaking. He tells the story in inventive ways, with animation, fantasy sequences and other offbeat devices. Yet the fanciful, often funny methods don't disguise the tough center of the film: an 11-year-old boy slowly coming to the realization that his father isn't the hero he thinks he is. Not rated. 1 hour, 27 minutes. By Bill Goodykoontz, Gannett News Service.
Flanagan, who has spent the last week vacationing in Hawaii, said after her race that she barely checked her watch.
This is a condensed version of a letter that businessman Adolf Sinsheimer, who was on the fourth floor of the Victoria Hotel on Geary Street when the quake struck, wrote to a man named Max on May 7, 1906.
That makes Mr. Romney's path to ...
More about New Jersey foodies:
The hospital performs 20,000 deliveries a year—about one every 30 minutes—a more-than-tripling since 2003, says Superintendent Narendra Chhangani. Most births occur in a labor room barely changed in some three-quarters of a century. The hospital's 400 obstetrics beds are served by 15 gynecologists, Dr. Chhangani says, half the number needed.
In her spare time in recent years, Schneider ran a charitable organization that helps aging and down-on-their-luck actors and performers.
"Though we do not believe Jesus was resurrected, we do believe God lifted him up to him, and that there will one day be a second coming," Amer said.
SAVE YOUR SEAT
Mike Petersen has worked for the Army Corps of Engineers since
Salazar suspended applications for drilling and has said the department will take a guarded approach guided by science and the voices of North Slope communities.
The 49ers' return man, Ted Ginn, only is signed for one year, and James may be groomed to be Ginn's replacement. On a conference call from his home in Texarcana, Texas, James said he was willing to anything the 49ers asked of him, including covering kicks and blocking field goals.
4th quarter 2008: $342 million
LAKELAND, Fla. _ The Cardinals started fast today, scoring three runs in the first three innings, two on a first-inning home run by Matt Holliday. But the Detroit Tigers, perhaps the best team in the American League, rebounded for nine runs in a three-inning span and rolled to a 10-3 exhibition baseball victory.
Police ask anybody with information about the accident to call Officer John Bulin of the traffic safety bureau at (732) 739-6218.
Former Ravens coach Brian Billick said the regular season can be a time for extremes, but the playoffs are a time for balance, for the down-and-dirty work.
Corn chips
And in other places, jobs sat vacant while districts searched for the right candidate. DePue High School, in the tiny town of DePue, Ill., didn't find a new principal until its second year in the program. Baltimore, which brought in outside groups to manage five of its seven SIG schools under the little-used "restart" option, saw a big turnover in principals: Two of those schools went through three principals in the first year, while another had its principal replaced mid-year.
Officials claimed there were errors in the police report on the matter, including a fake witness and conflicting arrest locations. Arnold testified that she did not dictate to Lorthridge what to write in the report or order a false report to be made.
Rejecting a request generally isn't fun, whether the advance is romantic ("Want to go out Saturday?"), professional ("Can you have the report done by 1 p.m.?") or social ("Come on, just one more drink!").
Two-thirds of Oregonians have broadband in the home. Only 4 percent of the state still uses dial-up connections (the number of rural residents on dial-up is twice as high).
Since 2002, his lab has worked on breast cancer vaccine research.
"Given the structure of this committee, the only reasonable choices for the chairperson would be the airline passenger advocate or the state or local consumer protection official," Hudson says.
"I've always said, they have the best home court in the NBA ... they still have the best fans, in my opinion, in the NBA," Barkley said.
Rajesh Rao, an associate professor at the University of Washington, Seattle, who has tested similar systems with able-bodied subjects, said the Lausanne team's research appeared to mark an advance in the field.
A man who allegedly ran a red light and struck a Chicago police squad car early Wednesday -- seriously injuring an on-duty police sergeant -- has been charged with DUI.
Total Plays 63 60
For those looking to further connect with Mother Nature, Marquis Los Cabos is a sea turtle watch and rescue site. During certain months of the year, guests may participate in the release of baby Olive Ridley sea turtles, an endangered species. While black-market trade of eggs and meat still exists, sea turtles are now big business for ecotourism. You won't see turtles in your soup. Instead, take a cooking class during your trip to Marquis Los Cabo. Guests learn to make dishes like Yucatán Ceviche and chicken fried tacos. See online resources for details.
The poll found Obama with a comfortable lead over several perspectives, including Christie, former Mass. Gov. Mitt Romney, former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin.
When Goodell surfs the Internet today, here is some of the stuff he will read:
In September Swanson wrote a letter to Iowa Attorney General Tom Miller, New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman and U.S. Associate Attorney General Thomas Perrelli, saying that any multistate foreclosure settlement should have "teeth." Any settlement shouldn't release banks from liability for conduct that hasn't been investigated and shouldn't compromise the due process rights of any individual citizens, she said.
Tablets that work with a wireless carrier's high-speed data network may be a key to success in the tablet space, said Ross Rubin, an analyst for NPD Group, a market research firm. While a version of the iPad can use AT&T Inc.'s 3G network, Apple has not yet announced a plan for it to use any of the new 4G networks.
Square 27 brings us over Potrero Hill and out to Dogpatch, a fast-growing neighborhood just south of the new branch of UCSF that's home to some of the coziest, most charming dining spots in the city.
During the season, the owners of an electronic billboard repeatedly pushed for head coach John Fox to name Tim Tebow the starter. Thursday, they came back in a whole new way.
There seemed to be no end in sight and no lack of fight in the protesters Monday in Civic Center.
Studies show about 15 million people in the United States are estimated to have apnea; that's about 5 percent of the population. And many of them are overweight and snore heavily.
It's a company filled with metallurgical engineers and headed by engineer John Stropki, who like many other Lincoln employees has been with the company for decades and can be found on the shop floor on some days. He recently talked about Lincoln's successes and growth strategies.
Whisk in the buttermilk little by little and until just smooth. In a separate bowl, sift the flours, baking powder, baking soda and cinnamon. Add the flour mixture to the wet ingredients and whisk to combine. Do not overmix. Place the egg whites in a stand mixer and beat with the whisk attachment until medium peaks form. Fold them into the batter. Spoon the batter onto a hot griddle and cook, turning once when the edges lightly brown and bubbles appear on the surface. Cook on the reverse side for a minute until done. Serve with the compote.
øIt eventually got cleared up, but I will say when I practiced law I remembered my youthful mistake and made it a practice to try and not represent family members when I could avoid it.
(Yes, "We Bought a Zoo" is inspired by a true story, but there are major tweaks. Most profound example: The author lost his wife after the zoo was purchased.)
ø•How big? Similar to Toyota Venza. Edge is 184.2 inches long, 76 in. wide, 67-in. tall on a 111.2-in wheelbase. Cargo space: 32.2 cu. ft. behind rear seat, 68.9 cu. ft. when seat's folded. Weighs 3,998 to 4,234 lbs., depending on model.
The top-seeded Eagles had five players in double figures in the win against No. 8 seed Barat.
Just beyond the river's mouth, Mate Bobby Thomas put the lines in. After a wait that must have seemed like years to active imaginations, we had a fish on. Andres and Duvan did a little victory dance that ended mid-step when Thomas tossed the fish back for being too small. The second fish resulted in the same outcome.
It's bigger than the KitchenAid model and takes up more counter space, but the fact that it has an attachment for a blender ($49.95 at Sur La Table) and small food processor ($59.95 at Sur La Table) seemed like a plus - three pieces of equipment in one (though the attachments need to be purchased separately).
"I think judging by the people assembling here, it's a fun family event and it seems very organized," remarked Sam Pesin, president of the Friends of Liberty State Park.
You get the idea.
The Ravens have been quiet so far in free agency, but if they lose Grubbs or decide to pull their offer first, the activity should pick up a bit. Grubbs is this offseason’s biggest domino for the Ravens, but they want to re-sign some of their other free agents, too, including Jarret Johnson, Jameel McClain and Cory Redding.
There's also $1.3 million in debt that's accumulated over the years from operating costs. Coleman inherited a deficit of $700,000 and by 2006 had helped cut it to around $300,000. But it swelled again from the recessionary pounding of '08 and '09, when major corporate sponsors withdrew $100,000 deals, and ticket revenue dropped as customers chose cheaper seats. PCS laid off 11 employees (including its revered literary director, Mead Hunter), cut pay (Coleman's included) and otherwise trimmed overhead. Even so, Coleman describes the period as "brutal."
"Panama may frustrate a Type A personality," said Carolina Gonzalez, who has written about Latin America for AARP. "Transactions take time."
The actor who's known for the game "Six Degrees" is now separated from an all-important item - his Blackberry!
Curse words and all.
With unemployment hovering around 9 percent nationally, Obama urged Congress in September to renew and expand the Social Security payroll tax cut for workers that he signed a year ago, and called as well for an extension of benefits that can cover up to 99 weeks for the long-term jobless.
It's been a long time since I had the desire, or frankly, the stomach to follow our No. 2 stock exchange. And that's because of how its performance reflects on technology.
Are those two statements contradictory? You might think so, if you listen to some of the conventional wisdom from the real estate and homebuilding industries.
"Navy team," Luchetti finished.
Charles Moore, senior managing director with the Birmingham turnaround and crisis management firm Conway MacKenzie, said the proposed board is too big.
Higher incentives didn't shake buyers from their September slumber. Automakers spent an average of $2,557 per vehicle in the U.S., up $83 from August, according to the auto Web site Edmunds.com.
KidConnections Summer Camp
The proposed income tax reduction would mean $1 billion less in revenue to New Jersey's coffers, a cut Democrats claimed would be balanced on the backs of the poor and the middle class.
"There is a certain slickness and symmetry to a lot of traditional animated and contemporary CG movies," says Butler. "But we wanted to find the coarseness, the asymmetry, the broken edges. And everyone we roped in along the way in some way added to that."
The same killer is believed to have carried out the murders of three middle-aged homeless men in the past several weeks.
Peabody is targeting total sales of 245 million to 265 million tons of coal for 2012, with 33 million to 36 million tons coming from its Australian operations.
Will voters stay home in the fall as they did in the spring? An angry voter with an agenda for change is a positive thing; an angry voter, alienated from participation in the system, is a dangerous thing.
22364 SW Pinto Dr; 2,929 square feet; on 3/11/2011 for $340,000
The current unemployment rate is 9.8 percent and is expected to move into double digits before companies start rehiring despite a recent improvement in gross domestic product. The benefit extension would be the fourth since June of last year and the first since passage of the $787 billion stimulus package last February.
At a Minnesota Senate hearing last week on public funding for the stadium, Sen. Julianne Ortman, R-Chanhassen, pressed Vikings officials on where the team planned to get its $425 million contribution to the stadium. Even after a Vikings official explained the team's stadium strategy, Ortman said she was frustrated.
4. Jon Diebler is as poised as ever to be a factor. He’s made the most 3-pointers in Big Ten history (370), hitting 46.6% of his attempts from beyond the arc. Against a Kentucky team that will likely sell out on Sullinger to try and limit points in the paint, look for Diebler to get early shots.
Workers played blackjack and dice in a section called Little Las Vegas. They brought booze to the job in their lunch pails. The sage whiff of marijuana filtered out of the bathrooms and lingered behind the plant where they dumped scrap metal.
Once McKone was finished, the Burroughs defense and junior goalie Josh Gollub went to work.
The video posted on militant websites Sunday followed one issued in December in which al-Qaida leader Ayman al-Zawahri said Warren Weinstein would be released if the U.S. stopped airstrikes in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Somalia and Yemen. He also demanded the release of all al-Qaida and Taliban suspects around the world.
Chico Marx said that.
"I think you'll see some movement through some committees, but I don't think Kurt Zellers will have a vote on the floor of the Minnesota House this year," said Rep. Ann Lenczewski, DFL-Bloomington, the ranking DFLer on the House Taxes Committee.
As a precaution, Tynan said, police will provide extra patrols at Hackettstown schools this week.
Prejean told a sympathetic Fox News’ Sean Hannity that it was the “biggest mistake” of her life. “All by myself, I was sending a boyfriend at the time, who I loved and cared about, a video of me,” she says. “Never did I think it would ever come out. But it was bad judgment. It’s embarrassing. It’s humiliating to be talking about this on national TV, if you can imagine. “
Bates is jailed on $75,000 bond and does not yet have a listed attorney.
Board members did not specifically refer to the new lawsuit at the meeting. When board member Robin Harris began talking about the appellate decision, the board attorney advised him not to issue opinions on litigation during an open meeting.
In 2007 he realized his dream of writing for the movies when he partnered with his son, Andrew, to write and produce the feature film "Kings of the Evening." A Los Angeles Time review praised the movie as "a warm, beguiling picture boasting an array of splendid portrayals. Set in a small racist Southern town, in which the Great Depression only worsens things for poor blacks, an aura of uplift emerges as a collective response to these dire conditions gradually grows."
I’m hoping I’ll have the answers next week.
A forensic palynologist examined the vehicle after a very rare composition of fungi spores and unusual pollen patterns were found at the site where Dmitrijeva's body was dumped.
If you don't think there's any such thing as reverence for the past in L.A., just talk to a few of Citrus' old regulars, who are wont to wax nostalgic about the glory days when white market umbrellas unfurled under the roof and the crowds came out for Michel Richard's wildly inventive cooking. Not to mention his pastries.
But Eugenia Tymoshenko's attempt to meet with German leader Angela Merkel failed, despite a cross-country dash to a party election event where the chancellor was due to speak late Monday.
"We take our relays seriously," the 18-year-old Davis said.
MYTH: Cardio vascular disease is a men's illness, and men account for virtually all of the fatalities
Her husband, Adam, described that period of time as the "widow maker."
During his 2008 campaign for president, Obama said he supported civil unions but not marriage for gay couples. He later said his stance on the subject was “evolving.”
Billy’s sudden and passionate embrace of the deaf community drives a wedge between him and his boisterous, bohemian family. His mother, Beth (Mare Winningham), and sister, Ruth (Gayle Rankin), cope well enough. His tormented brother, Daniel (Will Brill), does not — “I always thought the signing persona was a bit Jewish,” he sniffs, among other jibes — and skids into a self-destructive spin.
Adds Kuplent: "Our hope is to provide our patrons with the look, feel and communal atmosphere of what has existed in Bavaria for centuries and what was a big part of St. Louis' past."
Brown, 19, was arrested Sunday night in Los Angeles and booked on suspicion of making criminal threats. He was released after posting $50,000 bail.
Yet the religious calculations are not simple.
Last year, combined revenue from the city’s 11 casinos fell to $3.9 billion, a 24 percent drop from the $5.2 billion collected in 2006. This year’s numbers have been equally dreary.
Jason Bo-Alan Beckman, a brash Wayzata money manager who has claimed to be among the top financial advisers in the nation, was civilly charged Monday with participating in an elaborate $194 million investment fraud.
The victory allows the Broncos to believe it's not their home fans that give them the heebie-jeebies.
1. Make the compote. Combine thyme, garlic, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon pepper, mango, blueberries, sugar and lemon juice in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat, then reduce to a simmer and cook for 20 minutes or until slightly thickened. Set aside to cool slightly.
The program attempts to reduce false alarms, which in turn cuts down the time police officers spend responding to those alarms.
Such crossovers still occur. In late January, a female orangutan at the Metroparks Zoo received an implanted birth-control device from a Cleveland Clinic physician specializing in women's health issues.
Governments have ruled out increasing their financial commitments, but they acknowledge that with some €140 billion already going to Ireland, Portugal and Greece, the EFSF isn't big enough to both help recapitalize weak banks and keep big economies like Italy and Spain from being dragged into the crisis.
So that's the short-term effect. Longer term, this could be good for the Wings.
The facts aren't on the county's side on this one. The law isn't, either: Open-records laws require a reasonable charge, commensurate with cost, for copying public records. And the Ohio attorney general ruled long ago that the charge for duplicating a microfiche containing multiple documents is the cost of the microfiche, not the documents.
Too many companies, Republican lawmakers said, were suffocating under the burden of unemployment taxes.
Jeffrey Stenroos, the former Los Angeles school police officer who staged his own shooting last year in a bizarre hoax that caused three schools to be locked down and forced the closure of streets across the western San Fernando Valley, will pay the city a lump sum of $309,000 in restitution, authorities said Monday.
There are additional service charges for most tickets. Sign up to receive this list via Twitter at twitter.com/njticketupdate.
President Barack Obama outlined his plan to end America's longest foreign war during a visit here Tuesday, declaring "this time of war began in Afghanistan, and this is where it will end."
Pierce, who was going to run for that seat, decided he would be better off running against Flory. Pierce, a Republican, thinks Flory is more vulnerable than the others because he is a Democrat and he lives across the county line in Norco.
In 1996 leadership passed to Jo Carole Lauder, the wife of Ronald Lauder; she steered the foundation away from simply supplying loaner art to diplomatic residences and instead toward building a permanent collection at American embassies in more than 140 countries. Lauder quickly transformed what had been an elite, rarefied program into something more accessible and democratic. "Embassies are the visible face of our country," says Yale's fast-talking dean of art, Robert Storr, who moonlights as chairman of the organization's professional fine arts committee and guides its curatorial mission. "The art installed in and around those government buildings allows foreigners to have a glimpse of our cultural production."
"Sure enough, he did. Someone must have recognized him and driven him home to Cross Keys; John still knew his address at the time. I still don't know who gave him that ride but, what better place for it to happen than in Baltimore?"
The meting will take place at the Woolwich Township Municipal Building, 120 Village Green Drive.
On the Western Flyer, Ricketts and Steinbeck were equipped with an 8mm movie camera, a German reflex still camera, a tripod and light meters. "The camera equipment was more than adequate," they wrote, "for it was never used." No one knew how to use it.
Democrats in the Assembly appear to lack the 41 votes necessary to pass the measure, which means they will need Republican support. According to two Republicans who are familiar with the party’s plans but not authorized to speak publicly, that support will come at a cost.
It might have been the "safer" pick. DeCastro is considered by many experts as the best guard prospect since Michigan's Steve Hutchinson, the 17th overall pick in 2001 who has been to seven Pro Bowls. And guards rated that highly have a low bust-factor. He went to the Pittsburgh Steelers with the 24th overall pick.
"It's all they've got," Black said. "They can't run on his record."
ø"Since my early teenage years, I've wanted to be an asteroid miner. I always viewed it as a glamorous vision of where we could go," Peter Diamandis, the visionary behind Planetary Resources, told a news conference at Seattle's Museum of Flight.
1. Buy a home blood pressure monitor and make a pact with your husband to check your BP together every day. Seeing his numbers and what happens when he takes the meds may do the trick. Plus, you'll get a good sense of what's going on with your own pressure. It's a great habit.
Hobbies: "I play guitar, piano, bass and mandolin, and I play at my church and at school on the worship team. I am also an avid 'Skyrim' player." He was the lead in the school play, "Godspell."
Fed officials also cut forecasts for the jobless rate, to an average 7.8 percent to 8 percent in the fourth quarter from a January projection of 8.2 percent to 8.5 percent, according to central tendency estimates released April 25.
Laurinaitis said he got a call from Buckeyes coach Luke Fickell, who asked if Laurinaitis was up for the honor. Among his duties: addressing the team.
"There is no such thing as Pakistan," Jaferii said. "First comes your family, then your clan, third your region, fourth your province <U+0096> the nation comes a distant fifth."
EASTLAKE, Ohio -- An Eastlake woman was charged with child endangering after police said her son was attacked by the family dog while she was drunk.
Hooker worked boogie magic with just one chord and a preternaturally deep voice. The blues legend died in 2001, but his spirit is as vital as ever throughout such calling-card songs as “Boogie Chillen',” “I'm in the Mood” and “Boom Boom,” don't overlook “I'm Bad Like Jesse James” and other lesser-known gems.
“Our guys were fearless, really fearless on the big stage,” Aliotti said. “Things didn’t always go well. We didn’t always play great. They had unbelievable belief and faith. Those kids are magical.”
Grenadine
Diana raises a glass of raspberry-colored guava wine to her lips. "Are we still in South Florida?" she asks.
Revelations of neglect, theft and other misconduct by guardians and conservators prompted Minnesota lawmakers to strengthen oversight of the unlicensed profession in 2009, but advocates say the system still falls short. While guardians and conservators must register with the courts by 2013, they are not required to pass any tests or possess any specialized skills. Applicants are required to submit to a criminal background check, but court officials don't have to determine whether applicants have been disciplined for misconduct by a state licensing board.
The new law would allow sales through at least half-time at football games. The Legislature and the University had deadlocked on the issue after U officials planned to only allow drinking in the expensive suites. Legislators, in populous outcry, banned all drinking in the stadium unless folks in the cheap seats were allowed to drink as well.
4. Glenelg, 127
"I know I can't support myself, but I am proud of myself," said Limones of signing up to participate in My Mother's Voice, "because I know I am getting a lot of support. I feel special. Not everyone has this opportunity."
That's where SMaC comes in, Hansen told the crowd at the Overland Park Convention Center. It's an acronym for having a systematic formula, a methodical approach and consistent practices.
"We make adjustments accordingly," Johnson said. "Right now, we have the players that are in camp, and we're building on what we have now."
"We all know that companies don't fit into those buckets," Waltermire said. "The funding for JobsOhio will be much more flexible and be able to customize the needs of the company, and that is going to be a tremendous advantage."
The debut issue of the Beat has stories about a redevelopment plan for a sprawling apartment complex, a native daughter - writer Josefina Lopez, author of "Real Women Have Curves" - giving back to her roots through an arts center, a mom's devotion to coaching kids, and the success of a local band with an eclectic sound.
The Kardashians are mad. And when the Kardashians get mad, really mad, they go to court.
2. (2.) Hammond (4-0, 98-41)
That means Bennett will have waited more than a quarter-century for simply the chance to scientifically prove his guilt or innocence.
The deputy attorney general, Steven Farman, asked Coleman to consider Williams’ character in the sentencing.
Jessica Sanchez singing "I Will Always Love You"
Harold DuCloux, one of Sanchez’s attorneys, said the evidence cast doubt on the credibility of government witnesses and some of it was turned in 30 minutes after the jury began to deliberate.
This from a school where nearly 70% of the students are eligible for free and reduced-cost lunch, according to assistant principal John Galvin, who coordinates the chess team.
"These guys are not going away," he said. "They stand to personally make hundreds of millions of dollars a year if this goes through."
"Another whiskey? What could go wrong?"
But the figures come with a big grain of salt; scientists only had solid data for 65 countries. For the 128 others, they used modeling to come up with their estimates.
-- Decide what style of meal you want to have. Will you plate individual servings in the kitchen, have a buffet or serve everything family-style?
The driver of the stolen car was transported to an area hospital with non-life-threatening injuries and will be charged with unlawful use of a motor vehicle. The occupants of the other vehicle received minor injuries and were treated at the scene by medical personnel.
"It's Day One of the second season," captain David Backes said, "where the slates are clean."
He said he can sympathize with Bommarito's instinct to help family, but added, "If anybody thinks they can fly under the radar on this kind of stuff, they're delusional."
"We're not going to win this race the way Gov. Romney has won the states he's won already, by outspending his opponent by 5-to-1 and beating them up. He's not going to outspend Barack Obama 5-to-1," Santorum said. "How are you going to win an election if your greatest attribute is 'I'll spend more money than the other person'?"
"He snuck in," says Villalobos, smiling and squinting in the afternoon sun under the rim of his Giants hat. "But he wanted tickets."
The fine for an individual or business violating the indoor smoking ban is at least $250, with a $500 penalty for the second violation and $1,000 for each subsequent infraction. Buono said she has not decided on a fine for her proposal.
The state where the phonograph record was invented by Thomas Edison has produced a long list of musical giants. Seeking to honor the state’s greatest talent — and, frankly, annoyed that the national Rock and Roll Hall of Fame has not seen fit to honor some of the most prominent artists that New Jersey has produced — The Star-Ledger and its website, NJ.com, have created the Rock & Pop Hall of Fame. It will live permanently at NJ.com/rockpop and induct a new class annually.
The analyst were promised an answer by the end of the year and on Monday, the company delivered: On Jan. 1, Mixon will leave the CEO post permanently, with Blouch succeeding him.
The prestigious Detroit Athletic Club -- which will entertain more than 600 members and guests in its back parking lot before the Tigers' home opener -- will christen a luxurious new loo today.
For weeks her supporters have wanted her to push FitzGerald more on his opposition to last year's Issue 6 reform effort, which created a county executive and 11-member council. With an assist from Turner, she sharpened her attack Wednesday.
But it would also be wrong to say it's never been done before. It hasn't been done very often. But it has been done.
This already has become Fielder's clubhouse.
More-affluent Americans are more willing to stand pat, with just 43% of those earning more than $75,000 saying Bush plan isn't enough.
Last words: "I'm sorry, I'm sorry," Beatysaid, his lips quivering as he lay on the death gurney awaiting the injection of a lethal three-drug cocktail. "God will let you see her again."
What better way to prove his ability than by playing with a team that currently sits in fourth place in the English Premier League standings? And if the Spurs remain in fourth or finish higher, they would earn a spot in the Champions League tournament.
Brahms: Piano Concerto No. 2.
<U+2666> Every record shop will not have stocked every release on the list of Record Store Day titles. "We place our orders and cross our fingers," Camilletti says. "We may order 10 and get one. We may order one and get none."
But others in the neighborhood can't stand what some derisively call "the ark."
It hasn't always been this way.
2009-10: 6,083
A lot of the river's problem, he said, comes from the farm sector and from the geology of the river and its banks -- both of them tough issues to tackle.
As has been described to me, it seems Casiraghi — hey, this guy dates the descendant of an actual saint! — wanted to sit at the owner’s table at club Double Seven. Trouble was, the table was already occupied by the equivalent of the club set’s unwashed 99 percent.
AN Collision Center of Tempe, an AutoNation company, sold a 2.53-acre parcel at 6420 E. McDowell Road in Scottsdale to McDowell 6620 LLC for $2.25 million. Ed Beeh and Mike Polachek with SRS Real Estate Partners and Jacqueline Blake of Cypress Equities AutoGroup division represented the seller, and Mark Cagley of Cagley Properties Inc. represented the buyer.
An agreement between Reebok and the NFL Players Association to market merchandise featuring player names and numbers expired on Feb. 28. A separate decadelong agreement between the apparel maker and the NFL to market NFL jerseys expired on March 31.
"As an active turbo-machinery engineering researcher for more than 45 years, now focusing on wind turbine research and development, I am quite familiar with the multitude of Ohio initiatives to develop wind turbine farms for Lake Erie. I have but one question: If General Electric has the engineering sophistication to design and build modern aircraft jet engines in Ohio, why does it plan to have the wind turbines for Lake Erie manufactured in Norway instead of Ohio? Manufacturing is where a large portion of the jobs should be."
The change might save $11,500 a year, officials estimated.
More than four dozen SJFCU employees, family members and friends, comprising the “Cate’s Cruisers” team, “walked for a cure” at the local MS Society walk at Washington Lake Park, held April 22.
Every book ever read, and every movie ever wept through, starts charting a course toward the chosen one.
The focus of the organization is to rebuild homes, using green, environmentally-friendly construction. Newark city officials have said they too are focusing their efforts on developments are healthier, and more sustainable.
However, I do take issue with those who advocate for for-profit colleges, which have been publicly exposed for their own inadequate graduation rates. I hate to use the old cliche about glass houses, but Schneider and Yin are clearly throwing stones, particularly at those of us in the California community college system.
"In the beginning we came across a lot of good pitching, and that has leveled off a little bit. All that stuff comes into play that we'll be able to hit more home runs, no question."
Members of the CU chapter of Students for Sensible Drug Policy are staging a small protest near Norlin Quad to decry the university's crackdown and speak out against the war on drugs. Law student Laura Schneider said she was upset that the crackdown caused a visiting lecturer who was to speak at one of her classes today to cancel.
Chico's Dirty Tacos & Tequila Bar shares an atrium entrance with the bar Whiskey Dicks (formerly Brix). If that causes some confusion, simply head toward the wonderful large metal tree that was a Crooked Bayou focal point. The art installation is still in place and works well with the new Mexican culinary theme. The tree's sparsely adorned, spindly branches gracefully loom over the small main dining room.
The project, partly financed by New Jersey’s Shore Protection Fund, is designed to reconstruct beaches and dunes from the Absecon Inlet in Atlantic City to Fredricksburg Avenue at the border of Ventnor and Margate.
It got loud.
Facebook has changed its privacy settings several times, including reversing some of the changes it made in late 2009.
Villebois Farmers Market, 4 to 8 p.m. Thursdays, through Sept. 29, at Villebois Drive and Barber Street in
Global Payments Inc., the credit-card processor that reported a significant security breach Friday, said that hackers stole account numbers and other key information from up to 1.5 million accounts in North America.
This inversion will not be accepted quietly.
Over the years, Dennehy and Falls have had an enormously productive relationship with O'Neill, having worked together on such plays as "Long Day's Journey Into Night,""Hughie" and "A Touch of the Poet."
But the 2.8 percent annualized growth rate in the October-December quarter -- the fastest pace since the spring of 2010 -- isn't being cheered by most economists or investors. That's because growth would need to be much stronger to sharply reduce unemployment. And signs in the data point to slower growth ahead.
They found a 1940s 1 1/2-story Cape Cod on a sprawling corner lot. However, its dated interiors and rundown condition weren't as appealing.
Q: Has production wrapped on the series already?
The judge’s tongue-lashing came after the 41-year-old witness, who has a criminal history spanning 28 years, said he didn’t know whether he could get his sentence reduced if he cooperated with federal authorities. Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Minish jumped to his feet, telling Martini, "I think Mr. Bergin’s being a little disingenuous."
When you engage in a fight with a pig, you get muddy. What Mr. Schurick failed to achieve in keeping people away from the ballot box, the chattering class will likely accomplish if this incident simply becomes more partisan political fodder instead of a teachable moment.
March 4, 2008: The California Supreme Court hears arguments about same-sex marriages during a 3 1/2-hour hearing.
No more. Today, it's beginning to look like an annual million-dollar benefit staged exclusively for trainer Bob Baffert after his lightly raced colt Coil unfurled an astounding performance to give Baffert his fifth Haskell in 10 years at Monmouth.
After the foundation of Israel, the family returned to the fledgling state. Despite Ben-Zion's internationally acclaimed work, Israeli academia did not embrace the scholar, whose right-wing beliefs went against the grain of the prevalent socialist hegemony, and he continued his scholarship with various American universities until becoming professor emeritus at Cornell University.
Who's on the hot seat?
But Forrest said the car wash could do more. Forrest, 29, moved into the home at the edge of Edina after her parents bought it in fall 2010. The car wash is one house away, separated by a wooden fence. She soon found out she couldn't lounge out on deck chairs in her back yard without the periodic blast of the car wash dryers.
Tancredo said he asked Maes at a recent event whether it would be "productive" for the two to meet. Maes agreed and said to arrange a meeting. The two sat at a park bench for an hour and a half discussing the situation.
That vanishes the day a crane specialist from, say, Chicago, sets foot into the cab of a 200-foot hoist here.
66 Alpine Avenue, $2,400,000, 02-28-12, 3,203 SF, 3 BR; 1994:$740,000
It's the unibrow. And they want him to lose it -- now -- lest it becomes a trend, leading to what they think could be a terrifying unibrowification of America.
Public is invited
But LeBron, if I may call you by your first name, that's not necessarily the case. Let me give you 11 reasons to stick around Northeast Ohio. Some you may think a bit silly, but some are things you should honestly consider.
With degrees in graphic design and journalism from Arizona State University between them, the partners agreed from the start that their blend of skills would better serve their goals and the public if they focused solely on the aerospace market.
Sellers offers solid defense, and although he has been hitting this spring (.357), at this point I’d have to go with Fields. In 2007, Fields hit 23 homers for the White Sox. So it’s in there somewhere.
Major roadwork will hit I-94 in Detroit and a segment of I-75 near downtown starting during the next several days, the state said Wednesday.
Dimora's defense team had argued in its opening statement that such shenanigans may be salacious -- but they were not criminal.
Stocks have fallen four weeks in a row. Some on Wall Street worry that the resulting blow to confidence, not to mention 401(k) statements, has set off a spiral of fear that could push prices even lower, cause people and businesses to pull back and tip the economy into a new recession.
And yet, they were all so sure it was going to work without a hitch, even though they had a quarterback who could do nothing but manage games.
He said property assessments have fallen for many residents, which means they may pay about the same amount after the increase as they did a few years ago.
Our good times pigging out during the holidays have turned into the worst of times. That's right, the noise we think is applause is actually our thighs slapping against each other. And forget blaming it on those trendy corduroy pants.
"We all swoon over these million-dollar homes, but that's not reality for 95 percent of us," she said. "You don't have to have a ton of money to get a designer look."
Only moments earlier police had converged on the recruiting office at Kennedy Boulevard and Tonnelle Avenue.
And at no time did Leinberger address that suburbanites like to live in homes with yards and fences around them to keep in the barking dog.
Last fall Shatto Milk Co. teamed up with Erin Brown, owner of Dolce Baking Co. It's the middle of January, and they are immersed in the Goldilocks-style give-and-take phase of research and development. Brown, who is seated at a café table in a corner of her Prairie Village bakery, sizes up the most recent prototypes.
That does not mean that young people are shifting in large numbers to Romney. A new Web-based survey by Knowledge Networks for Harvard University's Institute on Politics found that Obama leads Romney with 43 percent to 26 percent among those 18 to 29 years old, 6 points higher than last winter.
Police had been seeking a black woman with a ponytail after Storro described the alleged attack. She had said the woman asked her, "Hey, pretty girl, want something to drink?" then threw acid in her face.
The No. 9-ranked Fish pulled out of the U.S. Davis Cup team's quarterfinal against France in April due to a health scare. He is the highest-ranked U.S. player.
Excessive tarmac delays have been on the government's radar ever since a Northwest Airlines flight was grounded during a 1999 snowstorm at Detroit's Metro Airport, leaving passengers without water or working toilets for more than seven hours. Efforts were well under way to address the issue even before the latest gang of tarmac activists parachuted into town, and there was a consensus that the new regulations, the last of which went into effect in August, would fix whatever problem remained.
It's a frustrating explanation, but more than 100 days after oil started spewing into the Gulf of Mexico, scientists say it's still too soon to judge the severity of the damage that's been done to the environment -- this despite recent evidence about the scope of the spill, which, according to BP, has been all but stopped at this point.
John Garvey is president of The Catholic University of America and chairman of the Maryland Catholic Conference Religious Liberty Task Force. His email is cua-president@cua.edu.
"You have a very young, athletic team … guys who want to run up the court and go, and I feel that's something I can bring to the table."
All things being equal, it is an event that would be worth holding again, but not one that a cash-strapped city should be in the business of subsidizing any further. Baltimore spent nearly $7 million on road repairs before the race. Although that was mostly federal money that could not have been spent on, say, keeping recreation centers open, it did amount to concentrating a large chunk of transportation funds in one area that might not otherwise have been at the top of the priority list. And the cost of police and other services for the race amounted to $750,000.
"It's for me a dream come true in the sense that I have the opportunity to work directly underneath a man I've admired for many years," Gounaris said. "It will be truly an honor."
A: So that's the stage we've reached at point guard? For now, it looks like Norris will get an early chance each game, with Erik Spoelstra then deciding whether he merits further action.
When Omodt suspended operations, he said Strike Force officers could continue investigations out of their home departments.
EDITOR'S NOTE: The original version of this story incorrectly stated that Gene McNary was the last Republican to serve as St. Louis County Executive. H.C. Milford was the last Republican to hold that post, having filled the unexpired term of fellow Republican McNary, who left the seat in 1989 after he was named as Commissioner of the Immigration and Naturalization Service.
We're a long, long way from that, and may we never arrive there.
Olive oil
2 cups (10.58 ounces/300 grams) blanched whole almonds or 22/3 cups (10.58 ounces/300 grams) blanched almond flour
Others slow down and ask if Scherr would mind stopping by their street.
<U+0093>I was glad the race was staying green because our truck is better on the longer runs. I knew that if we had four tires and were close enough when we came off pit road we could run them back down, and we were able to do that and pull away.<U+0094>
"It was my daughter Barbara who picked it up and said, 'Oh, I could get a book out of that,' "Gofton says.
Heimuli is making things interesting for Karrington Armstrong and Hroniss Grasu, the two players vying for the starting center spot. Heimuli has manned the middle of the defensive line with the first unit, along with Taylor Hart at tackle and ends Brandon Hanna and Dion Jordan. (Defensive end Terrell Turner will miss the entire spring, coach Chip Kelly said, with a leg injury.)
"Normally, my first race of the year is a little slower than I'd like it," he said. "Today, I came in a lot less nervous."
Each morning begins with an alfresco buffet of Oregon berries, pastries and artisanal meats. At a previous IPNC I attended, a Chinese woman led the breakfast group in tai chi, and I knew it was the only healthy thing I'd do all weekend. You can scarcely go 10 minutes without serious ingestion. It's a constant exercise in pacing without a pacing of exercise. The wine, some of it from the previous century, never stops; wherever you turn -- on lawns, under gleaming white tents and in shady groves -- vintners are pouring their estate and reserve bottles, while iced San Pellegrino is available in tubs, a necessity in the withering heat.
Patrick Rishe, a sports economist at Webster University, said St. Louis probably will get a bigger economic boost than other cities with playoff teams.
University officials have refused requests to release the audit, calling it an internal, advisory document. A copy was recently obtained by The Star-Ledger from a university source.
The court-appointed receiver searching for assets in the midden of a collapsed $190 million Ponzi scheme headed by Minneapolis money manager Trevor Cook seems to be running short of patience.
Metro, for example, "is a veteran who has developed sound judgment,'' wrote his supervisor in 2010, during Metro's last evaluation.
City spokeswoman Jennifer Morrill said the Mayor's Office has been working to coordinate assistance for fire victims through the American Red Cross and the city's Division of Community Development and has an aide working to track down the fire victims through the American Red Cross.
øThe Treasury Department tested a similar program for federal tax refunds last year, offering prepaid cards to 800,000 low- and middle-income taxpayers. The program was targeted at taxpayers who were unable to sign up for direct deposit because they didn't have traditional bank accounts. The results weren't encouraging: Only about 2,000 taxpayers signed up, Treasury spokesman Matt Anderson says. Treasury doesn't plan to offer the program again this year but hasn't ruled out doing it in the future, he says.
1. No Surrender (tour premiere)
The legislation creates a council of regulators to monitor economic risks; establishes a new agency to police consumer financial products; and sets new standards for the way derivatives are traded. "These reforms will benefit the prudent and constrain the imprudent," Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said in a press conference. "Strong banks, the well-managed financial innovators, will adapt and thrive under the new rules of the road."
Gibb remained in intensive care Sunday, "extremely weak and malnourished," the Associated Press quoted Thillainayagam as saying. The doctor added that family members Dwina Gibb, sons Robin-John and Spencer, and daughter Melissa had been "tireless in their determination never to give up" on Gibb.
A proud Yolanda Cellucci, who closed her namesake special occasion shop in Waltham in 2009, said Celli’s style has always been her own.
North High School's concert choir and concert chorale received superior ratings at the state competition on April 12.
The skipper and owner of the Brielle-based Sea Lion, Al Pyatak, declined to comment.
Entertainment will include carolers, children's choir and a bell choir Dec. 8. Other activities include camel rides and photos for $5 each, a climbing wall, and a coconut tree for kids to monkey around on. There are wagon rides Wednesday through Sunday, and a romantic horse-drawn carriage Monday and Tuesday.
The address for the new Borders is 2493 Park Ave. Information: 714-258-7955.
Gaborik has played in a pair of Game 7s, both in 2003 with the Wild, who took the first- and second-rounds against Colorado and Vancouver, respectively, after coming from 3-1 down in each series.
This is the time for the Rangers to reach down into the AHL to recall 21-year-old freshman pro Tim Erixon to provide a dose of fresh legs and energy into a lineup that could use both, and for an injection of puck movement from the back end that’s his forte.
Naughtiness aside, the volume will be handy for people reading works of Latin American authors in their original language because many draw heavily on local slang.
"We had a heads up that this was coming down the pike, and switched out all of our wireless mics some time ago," he said.
Today's CEO Summit is hosting more than 400 executives from around the state, even from as far away as the Stormy Kromer woolen hat maker in the Upper Peninsula town of Ironwood, on the Wisconsin border.
Bergren said at least nine packages suspected of containing drugs were shipped to the facility, and four contained heroin or prescription drugs. In November, staffers found 18 pills, not identified by type, in a package during a normal mail search. The return address was fictitious, and police did not make an arrest because the drugs were not in the possession of the patient.
The 22-year-old still has mental lapses from time to time and at times falls in love with 18-foot jumpers, but he's evolved into one of the Cavs' best players.
"We didn't ever feel like it was Stifel or bust," he said. "We've got a plan to move forward."
On the fence: "CSI: Miami," "Rob," "Rules of Engagement," "Unforgettable."
- D.A.R.E. and high school welding programs to be eliminated
The position is irrelevent to Oshie. He's happy to be back in any role after sitting out two games for missing a practice.
Before being ordered to prison, Jeffrey Fisher offered an emotional apology for causing the crash that killed his girlfriend, 30-year-old Eva Meyers of Carol Stream.
SHERWOOD -- Just days before the election, contradictory language for a Sherwood ballot measure revealed a major error made by the city.
Blatche introduced himself to the crowd pre-game as "Andray Blatche, your team captain," even though Saunders is naming captains on a rotating basis.
CB 21 Devin McCourty So., 5-11, 185
County voters passed a series of bond issues to pay for more parks. Wealthy job-creators and coupon-clippers found themselves being dunned for property taxes, part of which went to service the debt and pay for the upkeep and improvement of parks for the aforementioned discontented, lazy rabble.
The new segment features benches and lamps for night-time lighting, as well as bike racks shaped like fish jumping out of the water. Hoboken's planned 1600 Park will also add life to the area.
<U+0093>As in many of the other cases identified to date, the contact with Sandusky allegedly fit a pattern of <U+0091>grooming<U+0092> victims,<U+0094> Attorney General Linda Kelly said in a statement. <U+0093>Beginning with outings to football games and gifts; they later included physical contact that escalated to sexual assaults.<U+0094>
You also might julienne carrots, celery and pea pods and top with raw shrimp seasoned with garlic powder, cayenne and orange slices. For an all-vegetable option, you could do asparagus, sliced the long way, topped with sliced shiitake mushrooms, apple slices and chives.
“That takes some time,” said Whelan. “We still don’t have a dollar figure of how much damage Irene did here.
The controversy surrounding the proposal presented itself in stark detail as proponents and opponents alternated at the podium at the two-hour hearing.
Williams visited MSU a few weeks ago and said he came away very impressed. Two MSU coaches visited his high school earlier this week on the first day of the spring evaluation period. Williams said the chance to continue playing with Terry is something he is seriously considering.
In life, in the words of Doug Collins: "He was a good man. He had a good heart."
Staff Sgt. Christopher Brown, 26, of Columbus, died Tuesday, the Department of Defense said Thursday. Brown was serving his second tour of duty in Afghanistan, after spending nearly year in Iraq.
1 cup diced onions
“I woke up at 1 o'clock this morning and read the (school) website and I just said woohoo!” said Small.
To surpass Johnson's mark, Theisen needs to run a time of 2:14.87. To better her all-time college best, she needs a 2:14.09.
Aberdeen
Batchelder says that, as a matter of policy, he doesn't plan to sponsor bills while he's speaker. That said, he plans to institute oversight hearings to review Ohio laws to make sure they're working as intended. An oversight hearing, Batchelder said, could spur a legislative push to close payday loopholes.
That will arouse uneasy feelings that technology has once again done away with something we assumed was eternal -- the phone books that arrived once a year, the ones we sat on as kids at the dinner table, are shrinking as fewer and fewer people bother to be listed in them. Those of us who remember looking ourselves up in the white pages and thinking that now we belong to a place may lament -- not for the first time -- that our real-world communities are becoming more fragmented as people spend time in online communities of their own choosing instead.
The party faithful will also be deciding on county freeholder candidates, and candidates for the 6th congressional district and the U.S. Senate.
The Department of Homeland Security's Office of Immigration Statistics estimates that the number of undocumented immigrants in Arizona has fallen by roughly 100,000 over the past three years. Jeffrey Passel, senior demographer at the Pew Hispanic Center, said that while tougher immigration enforcement is having an impact, it's Arizona's sluggish economy, and the lack of jobs, that is the biggest factor.
Other students weren't as happy, and suggested many voted for Garcia just to see the spectacle of two boys dancing together at the prom.
In one addressed to "Angel," Fields said she was smoking in her garage the morning of the killing when Robison waved her over.
After dropping the first point in the extra set, Menichella and Dawson claimed 10 of the next 13 to become University's first Ojai doubles champion.
"He was not able to be proven guilty, so he was innocent," Hecht's wife, Elizabeth, said Wednesday.
<U+0093>I think I can do that as a coach, too. But I still have a lot to accomplish before I can do that.<U+0094>
The oral arguments prompted David Hudson of Valley Village to pen his own “very modest proposal”:
"It's disappointing, but it's not devastating,'' said Robinson.
Dooley, 64, a Democrat, is seeking his third full term. He won a special election in 2004 to complete Westfall's term and won re-election in 2006 and 2010.
More Details: Groups to watch
"A lot of bike manufacturers are realizing that, having saturated the men's market, they are starting to see the opportunity for marketing to women," said Martin, who wrote a paper on that subject called "Claiming the Throttle: Multiple Femininities in a Hyper-Masculine Subculture," for the journal Consumption, Markets and Culture.
Christie announced the $584 million in construction through the Schools Development Authority as a step to curb expenses and stop the waste of tax dollars. He said the process that placed 51 schools on the previous list was riddled with political favors and waste.
ø"They don't have the name recognition, but we really analyzed how Ferris got here," said BC coach Jerry York, who won his fifth title to tie for second on the career list. "They won a league (the Central Collegiate Hockey Association) that sent five teams to the NCAA tournament. You don't just throw your sticks out and win that league."
Sen. Linda Gray, R-Glendale, won the votes to provide a 2 percent pay increase for a full year for the people who care for the developmentally disabled.
"We have not talked to the NFL," Walter said.
"Still, it was unbelievably beautiful."
In 1962, he was barred from reentering Turkey after being accused of trying to smuggle out ancient coins. Not long after, he was accused in Italy of trafficking in looted antiquities. Italy's highest court eventually exonerated him for lack of evidence.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., agreed in a written statement, saying a shorter-term extension was unacceptable.
Turns out that was just a taste of the drama to come for the Blazers (20-23), who fell to 1-4 on a seven-game trip that has been a disaster. The Blazers managed just 12 points and five field goals in the first quarter and trailed 55-29 at halftime. At that point, it was fair to wonder if the Blazers would finish with more turnovers than field goals, because they had 17 turnovers and 11 made shots. By the time the game mercifully ended, five Knicks had reached double figures in scoring -- including Smith (23 points), Steve Novak (20), Amare Stoudemire (17) and Carmelo Anthony (16) -- and they had outshot the Blazers 53.8 percent to 37.3. Really, New York dominated the Blazers in every statistical category.
It was the fifth major for the Springboks dating to Retief Goosen winning the U.S. Open in 2001, and the first at the British Open since Els won at Muirfield in 2002, a victory that inspired Oosthuizen.
Harrison Smith, S, Notre Dame
The Rangers scored in the fourth when Michael Young and David Murphy hit back-to-back doubles. They tied it in the sixth when Nelson Cruz lined a two-out single to left to drive in Young.
Lake's friends laugh when they talk about his love of cheese and his quick wit. His doctors talk about how engaged he is and how his ability to record detailed information about what's happening to him helps them.
Earlier this year, faced with failing St. Louis charter schools run by Imagine Schools Inc., the state's commissioner of education, Chris Nicastro, stood strong and put the wheels in motion for those schools to close.
Footprints Adventures
It's easy to think someone is back on his feet, Klapow says, "but you don't know until you listen to him if he's keeping up at work, if he's sleeping well, if he thinks he's the same person he used to be."
They were the latest victims of the unassuming but unpredictable river, which has seen at least 20 drownings over the past four years.
Lt. Gregg Hastings, an OSP spokesman, said 28-year-old Alberto Martinez was treated for a superficial head wound after he was shot by an OSP SWAT team member just before 5 p.m. at a remote, isolated cabin near Crescent Lake.
Obama has proposed that everyone earning $1 million a year or more should pay at least 30 percent of their income in taxes. One research group said the change would affect around 210,000 taxpayers.
Ohio produced two other Trials finalists. Former Ohio State two-time NCAA champ Tommy Rowlands lost to Jake Varner at 211.5 pounds, and 22-year-old sensation Logan Stieber of Monroeville and Ohio State fell to Coleman Scott at 132.
James got his easy layup four seconds later after Terry's trey, before the Mavs iced the win on two free throws each by Kidd and Terry.
DuPont Fabros Tech .15 from .12
Some focused on Mr. Heywood's role in the drama, openly speculating as to whether Mr. Bo and Ms. Gu would have faced discipline had a foreigner not been involved.
As for Varejao's ability to play for Brazil in the Olympics this summer, Scott said Grant and Varejao would have to have that conversation.
Stay well.
Newark is looking to cut the ballooning costs of personnel by relying more on private companies to provide city services. Critics say Booker is depriving Newarkers of jobs at a time when the city is facing soaring unemployment, plummeting tax revenues and a foreclosure crisis.
Rated R; strong violence, language
“We are sworn to secrecy,” he said Tuesday morning. “We had a brief conversation last night, and we will talk about it in caucus. So, we will see. I am not going to talk about it.”
But everyone knows that’s a big if. For starters, the country’s electoral board will be controlled by the Chavez ally and new speaker of parliament, Diosdado Cabello, an old political foe of Capriles.
The opening day of online sales brought in just $15,000 for the whole day. By contrast, all lottery ticket sales sometimes total as high as $1 million an hour during peak times, lottery officials said.
However, Beekman isn't fretting about that just yet.
AKRON, Ohio -- Cuyahoga County taxpayers hoping to witness Jimmy Dimora's corruption trial in September better have reliable transportation.
Turner said he and his group "are not arguing against high fructose corn syrup, we are arguing that the public understands that it and sugar are different things and to try to cloud that over is a mistake. All we want is for the public to be able to distinguish a product they don't want to buy."
Crow lost the 2010 mayoral election to Welsch by 95 votes. (In the aftermath of that election, a statewide gay rights organization accused Ricci of sending anti-gay messages to voters about Crow just days before the election. Ricci is not seeking re-election.)
Other pictures, some of them spectacular, probe far beyond the solar system into deep space (42 images on dark brown walls). One shows the green-rimmed Helix Nebula in Aquarius — a constellation first recorded by the 2nd century astronomer Ptolemy, living in Egypt under Roman rule — which glowers like an angry red eye in the sky.
"One of the best pitchers in baseball," Sveum said. "He has had a tough time his first couple of starts so far. He's still getting his arm back in shape. That curveball is still pretty devastating when he can get ahead (in the count) and get to it."
Since then, however, lawmakers have dragged their feet on giving up the cars — and on most other vital legislation.
Yet the ubiquitous experts on offensive line play seem pretty certain that this has been a down year for him, and that the Giants have held their breath in certain matchups. There will be more of the same trepidation tomorrow, when he repeatedly matches up with Clay Matthews.
"We'll still run and press against them," said Patsos, a longtime assistant to former Maryland coach Gary Williams. "Ohio State wants to play their way. If you play their way, you're not going to beat them. I think they can win the national championship this year."
A moderate list of beers, including gluten-free choices, is available in bottles, with several more on tap. About a half-dozen each white and red wines are available, ranging from $6 to $10 for glasses and $21 to $39 for bottles. These and other beverages are added after you select your salad, and payment is totaled at a couple of cash registers at the end of the L-shaped food line.
BOGOTA, Colombia Their televised releases were ecstatic celebrations, cathartic moments for a conflict-weary nation. Their rebel captors had held them in the jungle, often in chains, for as many as 14 years.
Across the street, out of curiosity, I wandered into Sunna Guesthouse, where the gracious receptionist gave me a rate card that listed prices, from single-bed rooms to furnished apartments, through 2008. I asked if prices would go up in 2009, and she said yes, a little. Then she paused and added with a sad smile, "But we have no idea what will happen to us by then."
Sarkozy said he's being unfairly blamed for France's economic problems after years of crisis, and insisted he's not "the only guilty one."
The Post series, citing records and interviews with New Frontier Bank insiders and former bank examiners, found that federal and state regulators missed or failed to take serious action to address insider dealing, efforts to hide loan losses prior to inspections, and apparent stock-for-loan transactions, among other problems.
"One eye eventually shrunk and the other grew enlarged. The vet thought it was best to remove them. Once the eyes were out, he was a completely different dog, like someone with a broken leg who gets out of a cast.
Respected Times reporter Nick Bilton wrote in a much-discussed recent story that when investors tell him there's no bubble it's "spin" because if they acknowledged there's a bubble, the bubble would pop. (Nevermind that, as we saw, everyone is screaming that there's a bubble.)
"So it's going to be a pretty tough matchup for myself."
Needless to say, the Weiss-Jones household is a highly musical place. Weiss says his son, Justin, now 24, learned quickly how to sleep "with the cello playing upstairs and the piano playing downstairs."
"Employees get hired and fired every day," said Longstreth. "Some are more disgruntled than others and feel the only way to compensate for their shortcomings that led to their employment being terminated is to falsely attack the company and Tom personally."
In Tokyo trade, the Nikkei 225 stock average closed up 139.52 points, or 1.3 percent, to 10,634.23 - the highest finish since late August. Hong Kong's Hang Seng reversed course to end down 36.78, or 0.2 percent, at 21,480.22 while South Korea's Kospi advanced 0.2 percent to 1,685.59.
(05-09) 17:01 PDT HELSINKI, Finland (AP) --
“He said, “That’s what’s up,’” Morgan said with a laugh.
The first event on Nov. 30 was the 110-meter hurdles. Take a look on YouTube sometime: Campbell covered it in 14 seconds flat, with a smooth efficiency that could only be described as machine-like. That time, in fact, would have been good enough to earn the bronze in the open event.
In the meantime, more people were killed in the highway corridor, which includes the routes to and from the area's wineries and popular starting points for the Katy Trail. In a little more than a year, 12 people were killed along highways D, DD, Z and 94.
Also noteworthy about this Honda's power is that it's not much for towing. Buyers looking to tow more than the CR-V's 1,500-pound limit don't have the option of choosing a larger engine, as buyers of the Ford Escape or Toyota RAV-4 do.
PCC smoking ban irritates neighbors
Hey, Vince: Interesting question. Lefties hit .286 against the Indians last year, while right-handers hit .242. At Progressive Field, the opposition hit .259 overall against the Tribe and .268 on the road.
‘‘Anybody who has an older brother, especially playing hockey, you look up to them,'' he said. ‘‘He was always around showing you things as you grew up.''
The farthest seat in the new auditorium would be 50 feet from the stage, about 10 feet closer than at the Bolton Theatre, the Play House's largest venue at its old 8500 Euclid Ave. facility.
Financing: $125 million came from the owners, the Lamar Hunt family; the rest was financed with $850 million in municipal bonds (which also were used for improvements to the Royals' Kaufman Stadium) to be repaid through a 3/8-cent sales tax.
Increase capital spending 51%
Among the key performance metrics (generally measuring the period July 2010-June 2011) in the budget proposal:
Children (6-12): $6
Ishikawa was inserted into the lineup after Mat Gamel tore the ACL in his right knee on Tuesday night. Gamel is likely done for the season, opening a door for Ishikawa and further validating his offseason decision to sign with the Brewers over the Giants and others.
"They slipped up quite badly in their quality control," he said.
Despite eliminating the Chicago Blackhawks -- a recent Stanley Cup champion -- in six games and dispatching of one of this year's favorites, the Nashville Predators, in five games, the underdog title might be a fair assessment against LA.
The guaranteed amount varies by type of product, and MLB likes to see unusual products, he added. Some recent additions are coffins and urns by a Eternal Images in Maryland, key chains with dirt from the various stadiums by Highland Mint in Florida and a toaster that burns a team's logo into slices of bread ($40) by Pangea Brands in Boston.
The cacao tree, a small evergreen called Theobroma cacao L. — theobroma means "food of the gods" — thrives in the shade of Mexico's wet tropical forests. The football-shaped fruit is 6 to 14 inches long, with a gooey pulp protecting 25 to 50 bitter white seeds that turn brown when exposed to air. It takes about 200 beans to make one pound. Most of Mexico's chocolate now is grown in Tabasco and Chiapas states.
Logic hormones ran wild and you saw a legitimate opportunity to end a 45-year wait.
(1) Dismissing the question altogether, to have it repeated in case I didn't understand English.
<U+0093>I can't believe (The Star is) just buying the Democrats' line that it's all about the obstructionist Republicans,<U+0094> said one recent caller. Journalists are <U+0093>supposed to be more skeptical of politicians talking.<U+0094>
Many of the officers who lost their jobs at midnight Monday night said they were angry with the union and Booker.
"There weren't a lot of fences. People used to be able to ride across Napa Valley on their horse and no one cared," he said. "Now 80 percent of the people live in cities."
Koloms used his curveball to strand two runners in each of the first two innings, and he went back to it to record a strikeout with the bases loaded and the tying run at the plate in the sixth.
Paul’s campaign has also made the most contact with voters: 67% said they had heard from his campaign, followed by 61% who report being contacted by Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann and 47% contacted by Texas Gov. Rick Perry.
Aminatta Forna and Janice Shapiro: Forna, the author of the memoir "The Devil That Danced on the Water" and the novels "Ancestor Stones" and "The Memory of Love," will be joined by Shapiro, author of the new collection of stories "Bummer." Hammer Museum, 10899 Wilshire Blvd, Los Angeles. 7 p.m. Free. (310) 443-7000.
Instead, she suggests giving Blue Acres a revenue and public-relations boost.
"We've been trying since I got here to get this resolved. We're still going to be pushing to get satellite companies to carry the games. We haven't given up on that. This is an interim step that gives everybody an option."
Developed by the Parker Co., Serrano offers custom homes, a 34,000-square-foot clubhouse, 17 miles of biking trails and 1,000 acres of open space.
Ambler will receive $1,000 and a free KitchenAid slow cooker.
Back in Plaza Santo Domingo, patrons at the café settled in for sunset cocktails. They seemed unaware of the Calamarí skeletons in the ground below, of the devil's handiwork in the church blocking the last rays of the sun. As the sky blushed rose, Cartagena seemed nothing but enchanted.
“As directed, those commissioners conducted a review of the current financial situation as well as the obligations under the proposed longterm capital plan and have informed our administration that those reviews have identified $5 billion in savings that can be immediately achieved within the capital plan,” said the letter, which did not identify specific cuts.
He took an adversarial tone with Debra Linn Talley, who heads the OEO. He wonderd why Cleveland, in its attempt to do more business with local contractors, is giving business to companies with addresses in Akron, Painseville and Willoughby.
For Toews, just playing in the game was an accomplishment after missing the final 22 games of the regular season.
of the night
"It's really clear-cut and mind over matter. Everything we're learning is about ways to make you comfortable."
Meanwhile, the articles says: "The RNC (and to a large degree the Romney campaign) is loving Michigan, though. Detroit, Michigan's largest city, is home to GM, the once-American company. Today, GM stands for Government Motors, and Detroit is the armpit of America. Once the fourth-largest U.S. city, Detroit is now ninth, and flight from the city continues. Michigan as a whole is overly reliant upon unionized, low-skilled industries. Built on a near-century-old economic model, Michigan's economy is broken for sure.
A psychologist who coined the word "homophobic" said the revulsion is precisely that. A scientist who discovered genetic links to sexuality said he simply does not understand the response. The author of "The Sexual Brain" said there is nothing on a neurobiological basis to explain the aversion.
While some women might notice a missing pill or become alarmed if some of the pills were out of sequence, he said, others might not even see the mistake. “I think some would give the pharmaceutical company the benefit of the doubt and trust that they are ok.’’
11:40 a.m. A Human Resources manager for GE testified about Neuman's duties. He also recalled Nov. 10, when Neuman came to his office to report that Andrea Sneiderman had to leave work because her husband had been shot. He described Neuman's demeanor that day as serious. He also said Neuman had never spoken of delusions, or seemed depressed or had ever exhibited extreme mood swings at work.
This won’t end well for a continent already in deep denial about the meltdown that awaits it.
Returning all-state athletes: Markesh Woodson, Fountain-Fort Carson;* Dakota Leazer, Fountain-Fort Carson; Ryan Cook, Rampart.
Same-sex couples come up a little shy of 1 percent of U.S. households, according to the Census, but they are probably not the same households that still have inadequate indoor plumbing.
Both narratives at work in Israel and Palestine trade in victimhood. Like it or not, divestment simply feeds the sense of victimhood on both sides. It vindicates the Palestinian sense of violation, and feeds the paranoia of the Israelis.
As the years passed, Michael and I continued documenting the story of America's marginalized populations. In 2008, we realized we had to pull our decades of work into a book that made sense of the economic dislocation.
Under the agreement, Maricopa was supposed to have a four-man crew in Mobile to respond to emergency calls, but residents said the crew was often off-site and that affected quick response.
The strategy paid off. Before today, The Chronicle had awarded the top rating to just four restaurants; now, three more will be added to this star- studded galaxy.
Series: Eighth of 36 Sprint Cup races.
"I think I've got it," I say, eliciting a smile from him. He then proceeds to launch into a five-minute dissertation on the rhythm of swing, punctuating his nouns and verbs with hand claps, foot taps and onomatopoeic sounds. Should he ever tire of the trumpet, Marsalis clearly has a future as a human one-man band.
The Johnsons’ attorney Miles Winder, disagreed. He said the Johnsons only had to prove one aspect of how the helistop would have a positive effect on the farm and the community. “We have satisfied three.”
April 22 — STP 400, Kansas City, Kan. (Denny Hamlin)
Pumper admitted having work performed on Dimora's house for free in exchange for favors for him, his company and others. The work was valued at nearly $60,000, but Pumper did not bill Dimora until after he knew the FBI was investigating.
Ignore him?
"There needed to be a lot of story beef behind it," said Baaden, who grew up an hour's drive from Herzogenaurach, Germany, the home of Adidas and Puma, but was dressed head to toe in gear from Nike, which helped with the film.
RE: Well look, I have given you what I have in public. Look, you already know what you are going to do and so here's what we got. You are going to decide to narrow the definition of transparent. I stood in front of people. This is not like, by way of reference, in contrast to draw the definition even clearer. Neither the water issue or the speed cameras was a no-bid contract. Nothing could be more public. Nothing.
By Lee Fisher
Whover wins the judicial appointment will have to run next fall to fill Henry's unexpired term. An election for a six-year term then will be held in November 2014.
MU thus appears to hold enough strong cards that it could have a choice to make between the Big 12 and the SEC if the latter doesn't believe that beckoning Missouri kills the Big 12 or instigates legal action.
"We're in the process of transition now, and it's going to be awkward," Atlantis astronaut Rex Walheim said. "But we'll get to the other side and we'll have new vehicles.
Ellie's family must be struggling with the kind of "Why?" questions that shake even the most faithful.
Update: Eric Schlosser will speak at the Hettenhausen Center for the Arts at 7:30 p.m. Wednesday, Apr. 25 as part of the Distinguished Speakers Series at McKendree University in Lebanon, Ill. Admission is free and open to the public but reservations are encouraged. Call the box office at 618-537-6863 or visit the website theHett.com.
Williams said programs that require a large amount of staff, such as the lacrosse tournaments, are the ones the department will have to consider eliminating.
Some countries in the region, such as Chile, have already done this successfully, he said. And there will be a great window of opportunity for others to follow that path in 2010 because commodity prices are not expected to fall, he added.
Cleveland (6-8) was a bit lethargic in Tuesday's return from a seven-game road trip, a 105-95 loss to Golden State, but it was flat-out bad Friday. Reigning MVP Derrick Rose sat out for Chicago, but the Cavaliers couldn't come close to taking advantage in a 114-75 loss - the worst at home in franchise history.
The referendum already faced an uphill climb to unite urban, suburban and exurban counties that have never voted as one group, and large numbers of voters with opposing views on mass transit and highways.
"It's a major milestone when you see these machines," said Robert Norton, general manager of Maryland Live!, as workers installed the first of what will be 4,750 video terminals. "It starts to feel and act like the world-class gaming place it will be."
When, where: 7:45 p.m. Wednesday, Moberly CC
The market of third-party debt collectors is dominated by three types of operators: Agencies that collect debt for another company in exchange for a fee. Firms that buy debt from the original business, often for pennies on the dollar, then keep for themselves whatever they collect. And, law firms that collect through filing lawsuits.
Gennaco agreed.
Defensive end signed away from rival Dallas missed eight games first year but started all games next two seasons, including Super Bowl championship year in 2011. Six sacks in three seasons, including four last year. With him, Giants slipped to 8-8 (from 12-4), then improved to 10-6 and 9-7.
Marcus Bachmann, the congresswoman's husband, was eligible for Swiss citizenship because of his parents' nationality, but didn't register with the Swiss government until this year. Once the process was complete, Michele Bachmann, his wife of more than 30 years, automatically became a Swiss citizen, as did their children.
A Bayonne tenant group fighting to overturn the city's recently-enacted vacancy decontrol law now believes the city is trying to lock them out of meeting at the library.
Assemblyman Micah Kellner, a Democrat who has hounded the Bloomberg administration to provide greater access for wheelchair-bound taxi passengers, supported Mr. Liu. Having agreed to standards that would require more accessible cabs, Mr. Kellner said, "Why would you then lock the industry into a vehicle that is not accessible?"
4. "Time After Time"
John Lopez, who works for A1, a taxi company not licensed by New Brunswick, said he's dropped his job as a taxi driver. In recent months he was issued 18 tickets for driving a taxi without a city license and he can't pay them, he said. He didn't know how often he's been to court for the tickets.
Homeless men and women <U+0096> weathered by the elements and carrying bags and backpacks <U+0096> are getting a chance to tell their side of the story in federal court about how the city of Sacramento treats them.
And the Bencomos weren't ready for the wave of grief that swept in when, less than two weeks after she entered the world, their "Gabi" left it.
At 9:49 p.m., a 44-year-old man was shot in the chest in the 8600 block of South Escanaba Avenue in the South Chicago neighborhood, police said. The man was taken in critical condition to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn, police said.
Buying from the unregulated gas suppliers is a different story, one with plenty of turns and surprises.
Dee is followed everywhere by the Empress's minion, a beautiful young woman named Jing'er, who is actually the Chaplain, the evil counter-power to the Empress. Or is he? Or she? Or what?
Detectives want to question Ricardo Sanchez-Molinares and Fermin Gomez about the shooting.
Tabata ended a 140-at-bat homer drought dating to Aug. 17, 2011, against the Cardinals' Kyle Lohse. Alvarez was the first Pirates player to reach double figures in RBIs with his sixth homer and a run-scoring single, giving him 12 on the year. Garret Jones has 10 RBIs after an RBI single off Fernando Salas in the eighth cut the deficit to three.
Norton checked into a hospital for post-natal treatment hours after the newborn was found. Police questioned her there, and she turned herself into the Ellisville police station Feb. 20. She was arrested and released as prosecutors reviewed the case.
Besides the former National League MVP, 10 people were convicted of various charges. Six of them, including track star Marion Jones, were ensnared for lying to grand jurors, federal investigators or the court. Others, including Bonds’ personal trainer Greg Anderson, pleaded guilty to steroid distribution charges.
"We were lucky to win," Boston coach Doc Rivers said.
Friday could near 90 degrees, according to forecasts Tuesday afternoon. The record high for that day at BWI Marshall Airport is 90 degrees. AccuWeather.com is calling for temperatures in the mid- to upper 80s Thursday through Saturday.
13. Chicago (14) - Win against Columbus snaps 11-game winless streak and gives team five points in the three games since interim coach Frank Klopas arrived.
Curtis won $1,116,000 and a two-year tour exemption — a more meaningful reward after being relegated to a status so low that this victory came in just the fourth PGA Tour event he managed to get into this year.
"The lemonade is just 25 cents, as we want everyone to come and enjoy a cup and learn," said their mother, Diane Southard. "Money isn't everything, and the girls have a message to get out. My daughter wrote a book in 2006, and that is a feature point of the stand."
"She didn't deserve to die this way," he said. "I don't believe in the death penalty, but I do believe in forgiveness."
Three retirees who drove two miles to meet at the diner for lunch said even their trip was difficult.
But Howard made a late decision to remain in Orlando through next season, and the Nets scrambled to piece together a deal that could entice Williams to stay with them. Williams can opt out of his deal this summer and become an unrestricted free agent.
"I just like doing a lot of things," she says. "It's kind of like juggling. You struggle at first, but you'll be OK."
The candidate for Egypt's most influential political force, the Muslim Brotherhood, warned Tuesday that the country's upcoming presidential race may be rigged, a sign of rising tensions as his group faces off against one of ousted leader Hosni Mubarak's most powerful deputies.
Their first hit, "A Fool in Love," was recorded in 1961. A 1971 cover version of John Fogerty's "Proud Mary" became their signature tune. Ike and Tina divorced in 1976.
Both Japanese car companies have foundered on the high yen. Japan's strong currency makes their cars more expensive in dollars, even as the weak dollar makes Oregon goods cheaper abroad.
Corey Hart: .294 (5-for-17, 2 2B, 3B, HR, Bb, 4 SO)
MetroHealth System
Said Dave: "He loves the horses."
"We have been committed to Weaver. We have donated money to the school and volunteered," said Kristen Lockridge, a parent from Long Beach of two students who had planed on enrolling her younger child in kindergarten at Weaver next fall. "We have built our life around Weaver. We are just asking that families already attending Weaver aren't split up, with children having to go to different schools."
Scientists have been collecting blood and tissue samples from the afflicted bears, but they do not know the cause or the significance of the outbreak, the Anchorage Daily News reported.
"Gov. Brown agrees with Gen. Baldwin that removing Gen. Wade from the National Guard is the best way forward for the organization," said Elizabeth Ashford, a spokeswoman for the governor. "The action is final."
COLWYN, Pa. — The borough council in a Philadelphia suburb has voted to lift a state of emergency declared after three officers were suspended in fallout over the alleged use of a stun gun on a handcuffed teenage suspect.
A large mass had grown halfway into his colon. Surgery removed a little more than a foot of his colon.
It was the first play from scrimmage after the miss when Phipps ignited the bomb. He picked on Steve Tannen, wounded warrior of the New York secondary.
Preliminary design work on FutureGen could restart as soon as July. By early next year, the Energy Department expects to have an updated cost estimate and a complete funding plan for the project.
Attorneys are expected to deliver their closing arguments this morning before turning the case over to jurors for deliberation.
Nick Gilbert helped. His "What's not to like" comment became an instant marketing campaign. Left to his own devices, the owner might've said, "What's not to like, except, you know, the way No. 23 did the city and its fans."
The man was working on a portion of a state Department of Transportation resurfacing project on nearby Interstate 287, for which Route 22 is being used as a staging area, the DOT said.
On the campaign trail, the Nevada Democrat promised Hispanic supporters he would bring the stalled legislation to a vote after the Nov. 2 midterm election. The DREAM Act provides a path to citizenship for young illegal immigrants who complete two years of college or military service.
Still, I will admit that I was conflicted enough that I packed a clergy shirt and collar, just in case. Maybe not to wear to the Vatican, but maybe…well, somewhere else. When we were checking in at the airport the woman at the ticket counter asked if we were going to Rome for the Consistory. She had heard all about it on the news, and was excited to be meeting relatives of the Archbishop on the way to the big event.
His wife, a clerical office worker, feels just as marginalized. "Do they really care about the American people?" she said of leaders in Washington.
“: Today's world is totally not age appropriate.”
Montana trip over. Loved Bozeman and Missoula...
Don't take orders GIVEM
RT : Disabled Joke's are not funny and if you think so die
happy birthday fabulous ones!
Theh ighlight of the David Hasselhoff Roast for me was watching awkwardly apologize to during the next set
I bet you an iphone 4s you wont see this... ;)
the revolution will be televised........
Subways is packed, like always -__-
you better start hitting those books next year. Let me know your Indiana games
haha yes, i got it.
Ah the joys of breaking into a new workflow!!
but I shall agree to disagreement nonetheless
amherst massachusetts right? cause i live in amherst ohio ?
Holiday Cheer for FUV concert report: played fast acoustic, funny anecdotes, & Galahad never better - just watched MP&Holy Grail
Man with Hawaii ties solves his own missing child case
you should go out for a walk and let all your emotions out. we HATE seeing u like this. #CheerUpAustin <3
Meet joe black. I always like this movie
RT Am I weird? Yeah. But so what? Everybody's weird.
at the very least I was able to help a short secretary reach something off of a high shelf when i was on campus. haha.
i seem to like dudes named marcus this the 4th one in a row.
The dude on the Use To Be track sounds like R. Kelly. Tell me he don't
Pizzas here! Schwing!
that would be nice. If you need any help making arrangements.. I am here.. year round :) No races though :(
tnx for the pinterest follow. Anyone else need an invite?
#thatawkwardmoment when you realize no one is listening to you so you stop talking in mid-sentence.
yahh I'll be back for summer b
Spent today marketing and promoting my business. Tomorrow will be a better day for new business.
Hello Professor! Awesome! Thanks so much! Jst got Lasik done Yesterday. Still out of focus! LOL! :)
goodmorning!! Have a god day!! Much love!
BRING BACK BIG JOHN!
Bobby Petrino's next job? The NFL...where lying and cheating are considered strategy.
Thanks for the RT! Kinda neat tale, eh? I can only imagine how the reporter felt when he realized who was on the phone.
ok, I follow... Follow me?? please...<U+263A>Thankyou<U+2665>MuchLove*
This is painful...
I would like! I want to go to your talk but instead I'll be fretting over gov shutdowns and traveling to nyc. Good luck!
: Thanks so much for serving as a panelist and workshop facilitator!
I honestly wish I could retweet like all of your tweets right now.
Best of luck this weekend.
we get worked up over what we consider our craft, our lively hoods and business integrity.
Lol I feel So fat right now
Bad dinner and now the show I wanted to see is sold out. Screw you, Tuesday.
have joined the adult world and bought a sweet watch. Happy early Birthday to me!
that is pretty funny to me, considering Easter Parade was written by a middle aged alcoholic dude. Ha.
Happy Birthday and congratulations to all of you on your AMA Award. You guys really deserved that.
"Want people not to notice your ums? Be interesting." I like that. Enjoying and finishing up 's book Um...
thanks for the shoutout!
yeah its not weird at all when my friend who is girl who is straight smacked my butt scared
I gotta memorize them. :P
have fun in Santa Monica!
thanks man
The stars are beautiful tonight
thank you for following :)
She thinks I hate her but at the end of the day I love my bestest with all of my heart and would do anything for her..
me and my girl at skool almost beat up diz gay boy emmanuel in skool
#GoSpursGo Beat the Grizzlies!
my condolences lil homie it's shit like that that reminds us what's important
I'm convinced Augie March is actually impossible.
Pledge to America written by former AGI and Pharma lobbyist. Good, bad or who cares? Your thoughts please listeners
haha just teasing! Miss your face darlin. Let's catch a show together soon!!
Okay, so we helped a fellow cop cover up the murder of his wife and got away with it. We think that's pretty good. So why's everybody mad?
The web site is blowing up with close to 1200 views setting a daily record in the last hour. Thanks 9News.
I'm thinking about doing the same thing. Did you sell it on ebay?
now following ( :
I done herd it all
close, beef is when u diss me
Talkin bout an athletic family, them Jones brothers is somethin else
whoa, what'd I say ?
I'm thirsty. This is BREAKING and EXCLUSIVE NEWS.
Your Sunday's best needs to be better
They’ll probably never do business with you, and they won’t refer you any new clients or customers
Fear of losing you
Happy Friday Everyone! Yes, it is Friday the 13th but we are claiming blessings & miracles on this day. RT
I have no problem with going back there! #meatandgreet part dos
on what?!? ayyyeeee
Goon Molly & r da #DUDLEYBOYZ Block party may 26th b there boo
#WhatHurtsTheMost is going from best friends to enemies
Ex-La Follette golfer Max Hosking in a playoff for fifth spot with ex-Badger Paul Jacobsen and current Badger Thomas Welk.
Okay later today I will drop the details about my SXSW gigs. Stay tuned.
I created one last nt gonna post later :)
":"I talked to you ona computer in a hotel room"yes, that was just said to me.No, i'm not THAT girl lol #weirdmoments"
LMFAO Green apples are the best :3
- gotta make a decision.. Who I wanna chill with this weekend.. I got oh so many junts... I feel like a hoe! Naw ihts called pimpin! Lol
I really wish the AZ cameramen were better at following those massive bombs to straightaway center.
Caitlin. Think you can bring me a bunch of double-cupped coffees for the graduation rehearsal on Friday? I'm planning ahead.
Wow ! on & bringing it bout that sweater guy ! Good stuff !
Getting my life back on track ready for next week
Legendary race driver and Shelby Cobra designer Carroll Shelby has died at age 89. Source: AP
Sad cos Claire won't text back~
haha, the precision agency hates u too critta
Not Black Not White.... It's Blues on Beale; the melting pot of Memphis
Is it Wednesday yet?
Round two for filming my short film!
Thanks. I googled Austin Camel and didn't get what I expected.
#RIPSeathJackson he was killed a year ago by his friends. 4/17/11
Exactly - LOL > I have the same problem with these dirty chics following me to.
So many people in one place makes for a bad cell signal. Hello, Opening Day!
they were right you were just on games with me
Ozzie Guillen on OTR: "I only visit neighborhoods endorsed by Tidy Cats"
oh. Yeah nudity never my thing. Do what you feel is right.
I have so many mixed emotions about the Trayvon Martin case.
Children: U spend the 1st 2 yrs of their life teaching them to walk & talk. Then u spend the next 16 yrs telling them to sit down & shut-up.
morning Sarah! How've you been?
Thanks for the RT!!!
aww... miinah!! I bet u look so cute!!
is that a typo....you sure you didn't mean Izzard? As in Eddie?
Thoughts and prayers go out to M Durso's elbow. I suggest a little Shake Weight physical therapy.
ooh cool what did she said abour mex? haha i love it
It's ok. I must've barely missed you coming back online. I did some more library exploring then got a call so I logged off :(
this morning woke me by sitting on my shoulder, and "tapping me out"
that'll be one for the storybooks haha
Life dangles sleep in my face and laughs as it takes it away. Life is a bitch named Bertha.
Before everyone passes out or get's drunk, I wanted to say thanks to all of you guys who follow me, this year was a lot of fun with you guys
Tea Partiers can't spell. Know who else couldn't spell? Hilter!
I disagree-rare vinyl at gigs where it gets stolen, scratched, etc? No thanks! MP3s don't get cracked, warped or spilled upon :-)
2 weeks of class left.. I can do this.
TWEET ME ANYTHING CUTE I'LL GIVE ALL TWEETS !!
Carbon, hydrogen, oxygen.
on the phone with
also rugrats, angry beavers, and rockos modern life. Now all I need is some Pete & Pete and Legends of the Hidden Temple and Im a kid again!
Glad to see you on twitter Ann. Hope all is well.
The referee in the VA Tech/Clemson game sounds like a trained actor.
Thanks for spreading the word Claudine!
Thanks for following Simply awesome, awesome awesome awesome!!!!!!! Unique, original, fun
Aw shucks. We love you too!
and for the record -- most of your students will probably be able to take corners better than that Cayenne.
Bloodbath don't cut him we won't get our money!!!
The website for #ala11 is HORRIBLE.
Thats enough drink talk u'd think i was a raging alco when really i have'nt even had a drink since Take That.
love your tweets!!
Seriously so sick right now
its crazy how time can change alot of things
Your love is my drug <3
sigh #bring1dtoseattle is never ending
That awkward moment when you find out eric can actually sing...
i am glad youre having a wonderfull month why has it been so great
The happiest people dont necessarily have the best of everything but they make the most of everything
hahah!!! U keep me Rollin! Thank you
Love come quick, love come in a hurry. There's Thieves in the Temple tonight. Kicking me in my heart tearing me all a part.
Good, I guess he could use it to cheap shot more defenseless players.
you're coming over?
“: You know what hurts the most? the fact that i can't say i lost you. because apparently i never had you.”
thanks Alex..just got the email notice! Thank you!
Yep. Easy install. Slick experience overall. Account linkup felt like magic. So far so good.
Suite of approaches that many bloggers take: Internet archive, back-up services, export tools, stored in many locations
lol I don't have a bedtime fam
Just Loveland, Co & visited & stayed at Wild Lane Bed & Breakfast Inn. Excellent!! Quaint. (970) 669-0303<U+200E> Highly recommend it.
Check out the #FluentBus tonight hitting all the major parties including Thrillist / Spotify at Rattle Inn that we are sponsoring!!!
Started training for next #kenpo belt today. Twice as much to learn ... started with "Begging Hands" and "Sleeper".
I can't believe that's all they gave Whitney
What is your favorite song on 's album??
I'm really okay with being single on V-Day...I've got a hot date with ! :D
My life is beautiful.
It is a shameful day for North Carolina (and for the US).
2011: Landed my first job ; graduated from ; met my best friend ; and made amazing friends along the way
Judging by dachshund duo's begging stance, I think it's safe 2 assume they think I should add tortillas & hummus 2 their diet.
I'm pretty sure everyone I know is home tonight. There's a comforting solidarity in being party poopers.
If little kids R waiting in freezing temps 4bus that came&left 2quickly people in charge need 2B more responsive not misleading
they kill me when they do that to mac's sexy mac's and no OS X or an iPhone with fake screens
can you be an alcoholic if you only want one lol if that
wow....thats pretty big...even Denise Derringers aren't that big...
yea he does have Twitter
Where you been, girl? This has been going on for months! (actually, I think it just wasn't getting full media attention)
Im so used to reacting,now when im upset,sad,or even excited i pray 1st then move
The fastest way for people to ignore #TornadoWarnings is to begin warning people 24 hours in advance about "potentially"deadly storms.
Gotta see them all! Scent-sational candles and luscious fragrances.
I've been waiting for the UPS man (or woman, though not likely) all day! C'mon already!!!!
NFL Films just released a revised list of their Top 10 Heisman Winners in the NFL and debuted RG3 at #3. Sorry O.J.
Trying to write a resume while workmen sand floors and decorate. The loud salsa music on the radio is a nice touch.
Your right, age has nothing to do with maturity. On the other hand your words and actions do and I have not seen much of either.
you sexy ;)
dnt sweat thm louisville fans, thy have no morals
It's amazing how unprepared citified is for 35k fans. As if the didn't know people would be here today
you're an inspiration man. Keep speaking that
always happy to help!
Upload to Soundcloud and add a link?
lol o shit you're learning how to tweet...still say ur name should have been bertajean6969 hahah
ok thanks.. I have one more question, how much is it?
sorry.. im alex :).. i dont know who yu care either but i see yu live in fresno to so i thought id follow yu..
Excellent. I will even let you pick where you would like to go
Snapping... What's beef to a butcher?
Hell yea I had me some tamales for breakfast now I'm ready to work..oh yea & well also be performing @ 420 downtown this year, who's going?
some of the best Christmas meals were in the mess hall w/some of the best family... Wouldn't you agree
Change your lifestyle, change your life. You have the power to choose health over disease.
LMAO story of my life!!! I just blow air out really loudly and call it my "whistle"
woops, fell asleep at my dads
Tony Rich Project - Nobody Knows it but Me. Best ever.
I hope i can make it to school tonite! I miss all crazy folks up there n need to get the fuk out my house!!!
Happy #TT Thanks
Reallllyyyyyy don't wanna be awake right now...ugh.
If you ain't got an ass wear a poncho
Happy Mother's Day you're such an inspiration & such a strong mother & individual <3 #muchlove Pattie
I love coffee
I would be too.
thanks pal. It has TRULY been an amazing run. Let's keep the dream running:). Thanks for everything
Wow...what a great hustle play by Avery Bradley. Sprint back & contest!
It's movie night! Come one, come small, and we'll rave and have a ball!
We've had Italian, Mexican and Southern fried chicken for dinner at the D-League #Showcase. Guesses on tonight's #pressboxfood? I say BBQ.
a. that story is hilarous/genius all at the same time and b. segways are scary and i hate being on them!!
what's that? Lol "Walmart" I am not PuertoRican!!! How dare you!!!!
How well do you manage your time?
I'm reading George R.R. Martin's A Feast For Crows
Wondering why the 75 year old grandpa in front of me on the train is reading a book titled Sexual Abuse.
Everybody hates me exxtra today
No reason 4 snide comment abt me and facts. I told u million times I didn't write stry you're angry abt. Lets b friends!
talk about burying the lede on that one! :-P
Ok so 3 episodes in and HBOs #Girls continues to confound me. So well written but I hate all the people in it. Maybe that's the point...
This is true - let's hope the streak continues!
BOTH hands and BOTH feet this time-LOL!
best of luck to you Laura Jane. Way to live your life the way you wish to. I support you!!!
Moving right along
its so much easier if i give u the money to buy it. I dont shop for myself anymore
A very long and wide point.
humm somewhere republican I'm sure misssippii
My ebay order shipped from Yorba Linda, Ca supposedly to Topanga, Ca but went thru Honolulu 1st. No wonder the USPS in nearly bankrupt.
Haven't Talked To In A While
Strong winds today making it a challenge & slowing the repair process. No more appointments are available for today.
on my to the national archives
P.E.M.D.A.S please excuse my dope ass swag.
#church time to do some drumming!
I'm at a str8 bar. Lol. Let's see what happens.
FB followers interact with ya girls send us your topics for discussion....today we are discussing FB groups!!!!!
Does anyone know why Fincher started off "The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo" with what looks like a rejected Stabbing Westward video?
I've not been to anything other than a few Cubs/Brewers' games at Wrigley... no disrespect here. Interesting ...
Poor 4th Qrter #Champagne volumes lead Vranken-Pommery Monopole to report a decline in full-year sales for the 12 months to the end of 2011.
cool I am also going to see Avengers in IMAX tonight. I hope this movie is better than Shame lol!
stop hating in twilight Sarah:P
what's up with this Noel guy. Enlighten us sports knowledge moderates
Drink Clean & Go Green! Purchase your Clear2Go bottle w/ filter at your nearest select
Music Software – Computer Music Resources When choosing music software from the array of computer music resources available
Central is good but not tbe best. Im a BBQ shop guy. Tops is prob my number 2.
Seriously, yet another Marilyn cover?? No other interesting deceased celebs for your annual "Dead" cover?
happy hour is not too far away
good seeing you too! Congrats to your family. If you need anything while you're in town lemme know. Or even drinks/dinner.
that's real shit g gone mke them A+
Well this was a scary Christmas...
RT : You won't see the potential if you're looking at the pain.
How about "This is a Coalition update only, but be aware we may ask for your help and action in the future." at the start?
then the answer is yes
Aite VEGAS FAM, I'ma be n town the weekend of June 1st & we settin It OUT in "The Real World Suite" at The Palms!! Come party wit cha bwoi!
How exactly do you make sick??? ": The Gross Lab is open this and next weekend, making scabs, poo, sick & burps."
"out by midnight" ha! ;)
Just made avacado pasta...not a good idea. If you see the link on Pinterest don't do it! #secondsupper ?
"If we understand what the extremes are, the middle will take care of itself." Dan Formosa in Objectified.
Bro, I'm ready to get out of this room. Help me... :(
Once a cheater always a cheater.
The Material Girl is singing at Super Bowl XLVI Halftime in 2012. That's right Madonna is performing and it will be LEGEND wait for it DARY!
I am going to Europe in a couple weeks!!
Thanks for the mention. Quite an honor! Will keep looking for articles to contribute.
well im doing my hair now...but idc where
LISTEN TO BOB MARLEY AND TELL ME HE AINT A DAWG!
• OH don't tell me. I have to wait a few years until it hits Netflix instant play.
Waxman with my girls and <U+0001F633> so scaredd
Finished fan tastic mr. fox. Starting wishing for tomorrow by Hilary mckay
Last days for Coho Salmon sandwich!
De la soul is from the soul ... Word
thanks for following me!
It's the NYC spiral: so much pleasure, so much debt.
second instinct to tweet?
best video ever.
This weekend (Feb. 25 & 26) is Camellia Weekend! 10:00am-4:00pm. Featuring lectures, music, and of course camellias.
haha is that good pr bad? Or just freaky cuz you weren't doing that 2 years ago?
Everyone keeps saying they're in their duffle -_-
: Please markup the Online #Poker Act. Remaining issues can be addressed with amendments, but the time to act is now!
Perez your work is done, why wait?
My old training partner summed it up on my #fb wall 2day: nurses are the reason your dumbass is alive ;)
Have you decided where you're going to watch the game this weekend?
Who cares about what these over paid actors are wearing while average Americans scramble for food and gas money
good choice!
Awww screw it, I give. Brett Favre is awesome.
Can anyone recommend any good books or references on building food industry brands?
Watching Teen Mom 2!
Still trying to read my first #ebook on my ipad. Don't know if it's the book or the device, but not enjoyable.
Exhausted beyond belief.....
Tested a new locator map in Mexico - went to enter a city, first that came to mind was Juarez. (Looking down, shaking head.)
Why there always gotta be some shit going down outside when I'm trying to get home? Can Mr Pres just wait until 6:05 to blow through FWest?
It's happened! I stumble across a fascinating ethnographic project… wait -- it seems familiar… oh yeah, they guest blogged on SM!
But tell me why so sudden.......
Again I hate to fly but in this business I'am required to travel a lot. And yesterday's scare was a bit much for me.
Definitely forgot that the Cardinals won the World Series last year. Shows how much I've paid attention to baseball because of Frank McCourt
wishing Mouth of the Midwest a great launch...
Sign of the times, both Jason Esposito and Nick Delmonico announced their signings with the Orioles on their own twitter accounts
Be positively expectant about this day, and create a new opportunity for yourself-you have special talents and gifts that need to be shared…
On my way home. Phoenix was great. Successful trip overall.
Not sure if I had the ole boy written down so yea probably..
thanks :) we're really proud of it
WE MADE IT
planted today: lettuce, chard, beets, dill, basil, tomatoes, zucchini, hollyhocks, marigolds.
Survived class w a smile on my face!
I'll lose the stardom than to ever lose you, i promise i'll never use you, it's not a game boy.
I just (secretly) want to be one of your ex-backing dancers. I copied moves
I Got The Same 40...From Last Year...That Big Bitch...#GetOffYoungin!
your girl will be jealous of your #fantasybaseballteam because you spend more time with it than her. Advice: erotic toy
You arms like towers, tower over me.
hey winners! how much are you enjoying your awesome prizes?? shout us out
I'm tryin to make sure you know you're appreciated
yer i watched you on da deal hit me up i got crazy beats and rap www.myspace.com/mebruklin ....old shit hit me up for new shit!
Wonder who will get the last tweet of 2011 and what will it be? I think Twitter should have a countdown.
F%*k you Chelios.. to Chev Chelios, Crank High Voltage
"Going to Walmart, yolo" yeah. Not sure that's very 'yolo'.
Women come to negotiation with a fear. Perception: women who ask for more are "less nice"
#harrypotterlive question for draco!! whats your favorite scence in the movie???!
I remember Twitter before all of the whack jobs joined. No, I'm not a "belieber" and will not follow you.
Yeah the thunder can shoot all these shots, but at the same time the lakers gotta keep the game within reach
Kotsay signs with Padres..I'm a bit surprised.
Whoever looks for the truth deserves the punishment for finding it.
DEAD MENTIONS ARE SO BORING.
Any time! Porn's got my number, or hit me on email:
I'm setting myself up for Future Greatness, because greatness is not givin, it is earned.
I'm about say something I thought I'll never say. I'm done with McDonald's.
It makes me feel bad to see little old people sitting by there self at restaurants. :(
highschool? Or college?
So I think Adam Sandler is here in the restaurant I'm in
Our daughter's uncle brought over a VCR tape of her when she was little. Now I have to find out who can convert it to DVD.
haha well still ate it
I hate when my party can't start cuz Ke$ha didn't walk in! #Ke$ha
Thnx for following, liked your website too- I know alot of women who are affected that way too. Have a good evening Cheryl
My talk with >> I love her so much, no one will ever understand. She is my big sister.<U+E328><U+E00E><U+E418><U+E429>
Congrats to for winning Brand Ambassador of the Year at today's Downtown NOLA awards!
This boy got up for no reason at all & then farts riight beside me... are you serious...
"surprisingly social media?" More like "overly" so.
HappyPresidentsDay! Strolling around downtown? Stop in & pick out what you're going to get with your big discount tomorrow!
Once again, 's best kept secret is the #quietcar. Best thing ever for early morning travel. (esp with high school groups on board!)
Anarchism is founded on the observation that since few men are wise enough to rule themselves, even fewer are wise enough to rule others.
entrepreneurship, branding, the way tech/web is/has changed our world, an more!
yay! I never get sick of it!
Victory at last! Thank you!
have fun with that quiz this week :)
$4 Double Bacardis tonight. You know you want it.
#councilmanAmador driving around the #Ironbound all mad and red as a pepper...chill mAmador Man! Enjoy the sunshine!
I know, let's hope no one notices.
so today none of my friends were online hm so now wat any1 wanna chat with me i will talk 2 any1
It's amazing how the first heartbreak changes your outlook on every relationship after that.
Easily the directive with the most instantaneous satisfaction.
Preserving the veterans memorial tollway (I-355)...
IMHO it fits right in line with RIP. Classic Megadeth sound, no sign of the 94-2004 sell out period.
u told me ya big weirdo! But haha okay, its on the dl>.>
oh alright lol
If your reading diiz i just wanna say your beauriful no matter what other people say ~ Maricarmen
Why do I feel like it takes FOREVER to get from Udistrict to Downtown #Seattle on #Metro? This was express too!
How did I miss at during the #sxsw ??
I's craving a cookie!!
i see how u doing me
Great day ahead in #roc ! Lunch with the sisters, sewing and shopping.
People will laugh at your dreams, then hate you when you make them come true.
I'm sure the iPhone Instagrammers are getting an avalanche of follow requests today.
Didn't even notice that...
if you believe it you will receive it!
Ha My nigga Prodigy Said I like the Jacket ! #But it wasnt even a jacket lmfaooo haahahaha
no beer?
Thanks for the mention! DonaldDDiva
preciate it but gone on duck
oh ok
I love hanging out with you too!:) today is Sunday!! I'm already nervous!!
Faygo is hiring at its Detroit plant: $12/hour, 40 hours/week plus overtime, AND all the Rock 'n' Rye you can manhandle? Career change time?
okay! I just want austin and keyra to see it!!(:
more than 500+ that signed(: congrats
So if I tweet less I'm actually tweeting more? I like that.
I refuse any type of customer service that requires me struggling to hear
Don't even want to read it! The price of leadership is always high! "Keep on keepin' on", Mr Blow! Your fans still love U!
TY!! More peeps I'd share coffee with:
Work work work work I swear that's all I do anymore at least we can get "extra loud" on these Larry (loud ass Reggie) ass niggas
RT We are putting our #digitalpreservation suite on the cloud soon - ideal for small-med archives - fo...
I call everybody faggots ...oh well
with my niece Jasmine and Jocelyn [[[; <3
I've never been more excited to eat food in my life than I am today.
morning sister!!
Decide to live the life you dream of.
omg i go back to skool august 23
Of course Jennette where else would they come fromm;) lmaoo..
Literally sleeping the day away. Not a bad day.
I hate parking lots this time of year!!
"RT how about new options for lebron 9? Any coming?" He needs some new ones cuz he's already bought all of em
I hate knowing tomorrow is Monday... I just get a crappy feeling thinking about it :/
on the bus with my girl Mely to the mall
Not sure what to think of Gawker's FOX mole but so far ... if my brain had balls, they'd be pretty f****in blue.
Who's Really Writing Your Friends' Facebook Updates? - BuzzFeed
how much practice is too much practice?
That which does not kill me makes me stronger" – Friedrich Nietzsche
Q. When not drinking #wines of #Burgundy, what are your go-to varieties?
I found Kauai more relaxing and easier to get around. Maui has a more rugged terrain with Haleakala and the road to Hana.
in this world you can't respect nobody who dont respect you str8-up
Gave a stranger flowers today. It was nice.
#stuffedup Stupid sinuses. Is it sinuses or sini?
Any one care to talk talk on the phone?:)
Positivity. At the Downtown Detroit Partnership annual meeting.
“: What's your favorite Hamburger on our menu?” The one that doesn't take 30 minutes to be served after ordering it :P
Sometimes, when you wait too long to make a decision, the opportunity passes you by. Take action!
The grinch !!
especially since our biggest need (other than scoring SG) was a PF.
need to keep Red Sox fans connected. Hopefully the bats wake up tonight
After burning 450 calories I don't feel that bad about eating that
I look disgusting -___- it looked okay until I tweeted it..
who knows the best place to have a espresso #coffee in #Miami?
yep. Breeds questions of scope as well: class, department, institution, consortium, etc. Thx.
Travelled 2 hours for a meeting - now waiting for everyone else to show up. Happy Monday!!
My day has started
even though i wont be able to hear austin on austream because im on my computer his voice will sound incredible
I love hearing the thunder!
AWESOME ya'll goin to the game tomorrow :P
please follow me i follow back
bbc news on PBS will help!! “: So many real crises in life - in Cincy and around the globe
The magnificent singing his heart out in the production of rocky horror picture show tp://yfrog.com/obvjfmxj
OK, i'm a believer in climate change. 72 degrees in Louisville today (maybe tornadoes). 43 degrees 2morrow. snow on Wed.
lol the window hella funny. Dude n u were so passed out haha shanacie I'm leavein all I hear is u go eh hahaha
Windows programming positions in CA. Kernel a plus, multithreaded, file systems and graphical UI. email resume for confidentiality to johnp…
yeah.... lolol. i can see them on my ipod though (: but im not on it right now.
I'm not a hater, I love Justin but this is my opinion.
our paths have crossed.
Cheers to a lovely weekend! Thanks for the #FF!
Yeah been on it for 2-3 days so far.
I wonder if this photo social network thingy will be better then Ping..
Wanting to wear wedges, but not wanting to be taller than everyone <<<
so excited for 10:30... this is gonna be great :)
please follow ! its JADEN SMITHS FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY ! GO FOLLOW & ENCOURAGE YOUR FOLLOWERS TO DO THE SAME!Plz<3
Compassion may be the radicalism of our time, but my ultimate goal in life is to never allow it to be the radicalism of mine.
We rode bikes as far as we could back into the marsh, then tromped in on foot from there. Very primitive Florida hiking. Gators everywhere!
that was so sweet baby and I love u too
that rat better start getting a salary & benefits; he's there longer hours than I am....
Almost 5 million followers......so I heard this crazy rumor that you follow fans, is it true?
I feel you on that one cuz
yes, my pandora has been on HOLIDAY since the middle of october. I'm not even sorry :)
Walked out
I hate when that happens!
it's stressful. go bulls.
How many more data left of school
Breakfast Stout for Dessert
Wish I was there, but I've got an early flight out for the cruise tomorrow morning.
Sophie that sounds amazing!
Whohoo, and perfect weather too! RT : Can't wait for my Brady Street on Saturday!
No sound?
What's the deal with long beards in basketball now? I don't get it.
Annual Awards Luncheon day is upon us!
The people I work with >>
Excited 2 read 's new book: Let's Pretend This Never Happened. I might have to shower today and go to B&N. Only for JLaw.
Taylor Allerdice ~ Taylor Gang over everything ~
We need to discuss where your priorities are at!
Good Morning BFF's
Great questions. That's exactly why I asked.
far from
That's the SF music festival.
He lives in Canada! I swear!
Excited abt opening on Mon! Stay tuned for my posting! RT!
“When things go wrong don’t go with them.”
Ever get the feeling you've been lied to your whole life? on the coming New World Order. #freedomwatch 8PM ET
Does anyone want to help me carry 120 liters of paint?
You rock! And I think you'll love it!
haha I know!
I haven't been sleeping well lately and this morning my alarm didn't go off ; idl how the hell I'm even up
thank you too :)
#Dignityofwork Like the Christmas I spent packing gutted herring for shipment to Japan. Super dignified
Heading out soon with some young scholars from Honeoye Falls. Let's see if they can spot a mermaid
Going through Facebook timeline and seeing how obnoxious I used to be... Oh wait that's from last week.
I know right:/ but he managed to always stand GRAND(:
Laying in bed blessed with the support from friends family and new fans of my music. Thank you everyone :)
less talk more work....
come home to the podcast, #Domino!!!
goes to the Jets. With the off-season the Fins have had, this will really test
You are angry. I once picked on Kordell stewart on twitter. He replied the same way. Id like to think you are the bigger man.
Las patojas de la capital son tan ridiculas, bueno... algunas e.e
We hope you'll enjoy our hometown! The city goes into full overdrive during #SXSW. Events 24 hrs a day for over a week...
Come on pacers
Very good news for businesses
Worse tweeter ever, seriously
Holding auditions for our short film FORGIVEN.
1 think I hate is when females draw they eyebrows on. Some of y'all ain't artistic so stop it. Shawty lookin real surprised and shit lol
oh i enjoy long walks on the beach, a glass of wine an smooth jazz..... XDDDD ask me stuff an ill tell ya
In there like swimwear re: last tweet...should be a good night of music for the DMV
team has no respect from anyone.
Thanks! It's still a long way from being published, but it's a step in the right direction! :D
Life is like a bank u get out what u put in it
They got me on the outside looking in but I can't see at all with the weight of the world on my shoulders<3 ADTR
We'll be at the UMJC TWENTIES conference in Chicago! If you have question about MJTI, feel free to ask Rabbi Joshua Brumbach.
For Dinner Me And My Dad Had Pizza And Macorni for dinner With Soda!!!! #YUMMY R U JELLY??
fyi, typo in paragraph 5, "it's recognize".
If only Mondays were ever good...
Yep. Feeling good. Thanks!
Only fight i want now, Manny vs Floyd. My money on Manny
Yay! finished my Finance homework .... now it's time for Business Entities! I can't wait until exams are OVER!
Didn't really sound like "ripped" #instagram, as put it.
Robben!!! Keep it up!!!
&droo. See what I did there?! Hahahaha, hope you're enjoying your time back here on the EC :) miss yooouuuuu!
wow Ann really knows how to connect with the American people.
gone 4 th day 2day is bingo & fall rice krispy treats (krispy treats w/ candy corn choco chips & marshmallows
Ha! That's the response I expected.
I have to say right now is the coolest mofo on the planet to me...following his program and my body is morphing!
Thanks much for the RT's. Hope you have a fab weekend. Should be lots better for biking than last Sunday was!!! :)
I'm so happy the week is pretty much over.
Can you invite a heart attack? Try a Fat Cheesehead at Fat Sandwich. Cardiologist optional.
One good thing about Alzheimer's is you meet new people every day
a faculty member sent it out to the dept. i'll keep my eyes peeled! how's your prep for the move to IL?
Demi likes Niall. Niall likes Demi. Um.. Why are you not together yet? ;)
:) oh I forgot to ask you, what's YOUR favorite tv show?!
Teen Titans ? Oh I miss that show so much..."When there's trouble you know who to call, TEEN TITANS!!!" <3
Psalm 34:12 Whoever of you loves life and desires to see many good days,
Thank you for following, Bert. cb
great job last night butch! Props!!
The cool part is if she doesn't raise the full amount she needs...your card isn't charged your donation.
Loving lyf cuz i have no school.
young hip people should move in on the retirement home lifestyle and if they dont let us then we cry ageism. sounds legit
United Airlines? RT : United ruins guitars.
Dear , do you have your cherry beer for sale at the brewery?
“The urgent can drown out the important.” ~ Marissa Mayer, VP of search products and user experience at Google
just sent u a direct message
I'm still sick. Not getting Any better at all.
MT : Sen. Tomassoni invoking North Stars and Lakers as examples of teams MN lost because it wouldn't build new facilities.
pringles a staple every where
OMG!!! My heart srsly just stopped beating. ICONic Bouz are gonna be on ABDC next week!!
I did join, I was talking to someone else about possibly making a Mo' bro & Mo' sista meetup this month.
New rule. If you weigh 300+ pounds, you're not allowed to call my dog "hefty." Besides, she's not fat, she's big boned.
TY for the RTs and favorites...see you Saturday! , , ,
Cannot write a poem recently without the word "turret"--
Thanks for being the board member who re-tweets us the most!
if I have Foster, who do I need to pick up, Slaton or Ward?
YEEEEAAAAAAHH!!! RT : It's move-in day!
Up at the ass crack of dawn for choir tour, of course
And she's coming to New York in December. Inspirational...:)
New FTA bracelets!! 3 different colors, will have them up on our online merch store in the next few days! www.flighttoathena.bigcartel.com
If McGee decides he wants to take over there are only 2 players who could even TRY to stop him. Howard, Bynum. Both all stars Skys the limit
Woke up feeling like a zombie. Blah..
No problem. Hope had a Great time at her gig. (:
I really hate it when an ex starts to look better than when we were together.
4-hour Scorsese documentry of George Harrison on HBO? On it!
Wicked & Weird
Thanks..Heey are you a Belieber?
It was only a matter of time...
By the Power of Greyskull!
Eric Says: oh no, my wall. A horrible diet dr. pepper stain.
I was in this store right before Xmas! Great stuff!
RT : What's dumber, a guy slightly fudging his resume or anyone thinking Yahoo is a real company?
yup - I'm watching Pulp Fiction 4 the first time since I saw it in theaters and decided to go to film school that same day.
Read the books, haven't watched the show, but still cheer that on like whoa. :D
"Werkin Hawd!" - We picked this up from Boston!
why am i so funny
forget the gym. It might be time 4 a new boyfriend.
didnt you "almost" say "50 points" for the Lions on the pre-game?
By COB?
I'm Too Impatient...
Congrats Class of 2012! "Those who...hope in the Lord...will soar on wings like eagles" Is 40:31 Just don't trip on stage!
Im too old i think RT : I'm going to a casting call the 14th! Haha I don't think they're ready for me
OH!!!! That's right. I knew I new that from somewhere! Yumm!! Bug Juice!!
Got my own seat on the bus.
Gold (continued): 2) Thinks beyond the ending to larger issues in the field, 3) Author wears erudition lightly, and 4) Accessible.
how would you like to see dh people use "archive"? can you show example where it's misused and then restate in way you like?
Congratulations to Jean DuJardin for winning #THE ACTOR , #SAG AWARDS! So proud to be a tiny part of your film.
well spoken
I must say the guys tonight are mighty interesting!!!!
Facebook has some of the gayest fucking rules ever
Why do you doubt me..
Meeting for IAP 2.0. Building a team - much awesomeness transpiring. Very excited!
wow you stopped following me:(
Leading Edge makes learning fun! Contact us today to learn more about our programs, flexible hours, and affordable pricing!
Just wanted to let you know, #Insurgent was totally available on the Kobo e-reader site to buy!! Reviews are already amazing!!
I've got my wicker basket on standby.
I corrected meself I apologized but i'm done with the haters here
We had to order more postcards for people to send to Congress - that's a good thing! Make your voice heard at
And the whole Napoli thing would be funny-if he wasn't famous and didn't have so many followers. That makes it mean-whether he thinks (cont)
Go see the massive kinetic Divine sculpture at AVAM. And is right Lexington Market is Bmore to the max
Yes but only the UGs that take it upon themselves can do it.Transformation isn't spontaneous or automatic.
The pilot was about the Tawana Brawley case. The Sharpton figure was appropriately portrayed as despicable. Since then? :-P
I just want a best friend. I want to be at each others houses everyday. I want to talk through facial expressions. I want someone):
Say what you mean, do what you say! I'm starting Latisse prescription for my eyelashes tonight.....stay updated cause I tell it like it is!
RT : If you're interested in the , Serving or served in the #peacecorps...join us for #rpcvchat today at 12pm EST!
Sadly no but the concept is there. Owning our mindshare is more difficult that a simple data vault. 800M FB users is one prob.
kay. You too :)
Shut up you know I'm still mad
Office happy hour
After 2.5 weeks on the road, savin' lives, we're back! Time to do laundry
truth hurts. So does my butt depends on the tp I use..
Social networking experiment on NEMESYS facebook fan page. T Minus 1 Hr....
it so damn cold in chicago nd all thier shit to expensive than ours.
anytime! RT : Thx for the SO/RT You guys are great
Yes u can't wait! I will use my phone to find info whether or not it's sanctioned by u, but please don't call us children
I am actually in liking with my man... Hm I think I found my prince charming..
As in, they're big Penn fans. That sounded bad.
no comment, but let's just say her makeup looked fantastic.
The worst thing for a pretty lookin girl is to have been with a (blank) Cause then she starts thinkin she's the sh**
i can't let the day go to waste
Parachute drop at the old Riverview amusement park near Belmont and Western, in
,im fine,x
I think I saw you ! D:
"I Cried When" I was born...sorry
all have julian
AND NOW GOODNIGHT JULIA <333
i had fun last night
saw you guys at the Adams Ave festival this AM!!
Both of #Kman's grandparents now follow me on Instagtam thereby satisfying their craving for pics of him and no longer bugging me for them.
Its a drive lady but worth it. Pho Nguyen on Beav-Hills Hwy by Fred Meyers. About 5 minutes west of the Ross Island bridge
God fucken night,!
Just finished softball and I'm not as sore as last week.
I guess we will ended in the A no biggie.
tip-toes around #DWTS rumors on and talks #BofA marathon- girl's got a lot of good going on
Playing Gruene Hall tomorrow from 12:30-4pm. Hope to see a bunch of ya there!!
whats worse than biting in to an apple and find a maggot .........RAPE
Dude I wasn't that drunk, dude u texted me asking for my number,
Happy Friday! Should've woke up in #NYC but my body failed me #sickness...here's to recovering and working all weekend!
Don't think so. I never saw one.
Handful of Occupy protesters now marching to city/county building, handful staying back at camp to work
Heat dont gt a great roster...just great hustle
Delaware Florida Georgia..Hawaii Idaho Illinois IN-diana...
Sticks in a bundle cannot be broken. Bondei Proverb
#PetPeeve People who can't spell but always typing.
I see my fated stars in your eyes. They melt me like the sun does snow
Barenaked Ladies acoustic on VH1 morning buzz?? God I'm old.
Confronted with ubiquitous seemingly instantaneous computing, media theory needs a better genealogy of its own history.
Respectable POTUS will take responsibility, losers blame others.
my prayers go out to ....I love you bestie<3 get better!! Please RT...she is in the hospital right now.
I think everyone should have an anthropologist on staff but I'm biased.
I wish but I am looking for new producers for the team.
If you use the word "subversiveness" about a subject 5 times in only a couple of paragraphs, the subject is probably not that subversive!
towat who sats that ?? J is twisted
I love my #Packers !
Everyone in NYC is very sweaty
So good.
Are you following 2 of our awesome shows? and You should so you can be awesome too!
Want a jeans everyday type of atmosphere? Look to internships/sr. positions at !
thank you for following!
OMG u guys sold out MSG i just went on ticketmastr it told meRETRY
Call backs kicked my ass but sure felt good to dance again!!
My hair idol, Kate Beckinsale, seriously does NOT age. No idea why she is at the Grammy's though!
Hoping everyone has a beautiful, safe, long weekend! Enjoy!
Rooting for the Giants!!
It's like Kansas knew we where going to whip upon them in March! Hehe
Embrace the struggle ;-)
Have you done the research on your addressable market? Does that addressable market tweet?
Finally have confirmation that I am not the oldest person still seeing a cardiologist at Children's.
Travelled 2 hours for a meeting - now waiting for everyone else to show up. Happy Monday!!
We are all being called to deepen.
watching #chris_farley "youll live in a van down by the river"
that smell loud as hell...
#IUseToWantARelationshipWith you but you seem to think replying to everything with "k" fixes the problem. and it doesn't.
Thank you for the RT and also for looking absolutely FAB in our dress! We'd definitely love another round :)
I Love Cartoons...It Keeps Me Calm
hope you had a good Mom's Day RT : GM, all! Wish you a productive, gr8 week.
Larry's not an ambi-turner?
RT Q4)... We aren't here to change people. People are people. That's bedrock. That's our starting point... #lrnchat - Amen
RT : It was great to see you this morning at #smbseattle [Jenni, I'm *jealous* I haven't seen Rod in ages!]
he has anger problems... Needs to learn how to control it
For the record, I fucking hate mashup artists.
Not tezting today \(^o^)/
Ooh, that looks dark. I just one-clicked it after reading the 1st 3 reviews. Sometimes Amazon is too easy!
Planning epic bike adventure into Jersey tomorrow. Who wants to come with?
Today, we raise our voices for all who risk their lives for the idea that no one should be silenced.
The worst part of surgery is the recovery. First session of physical therapy tomorrow is gonna hurt! super excited....
why should we pay you if you are going to be assholes about customer service?
A "Jiffy" is an actual measure of time at 1/100th of a second. Thus the saying, "I'll be there in a jiffy."
#besttoyever my #smartphone -- Love using !
"Food is the new fashion, and the new is the food lover's style guide." Today has been a great day for #FeastPdx. Thank you all!
I know I can't wait ;)
Wow....Beatles on iTunes...Apple's "big announcement" went over like hot air escaping from bean-factory worker
Seeing # "Reanimator" at the Hayworth! 2nd time - great show!
Ah, shucks sorry you missed it. We'll be posting pics later... RT : so wish I was....
What happened?
When I was 7 I was playing "construction worker" and stuck a screwdriver into an elect socket. Mom laughed. I cried...and shook violently.
r u gonna rlly send the numbers?
Happy mamma day:)!
they should do a teen hoot reunion
when I get a strong craving to hear the truth, I ask the stupidest question I can think of
as good as it gets. Drank some Bill Downie Mornington Pinot tonight
Thanks for the Tweet love Jered! Best Tweet I've seen all day. Happy to hear you love our app.
First golf meet today!
The text I woke up to this morning
LOVE that cheesy Philly sports geek trick!
I love "we got my wife, she used to be my wife, now she my wife again"
strawberries, bananas, and cheesecakes bites OH MY :) yum yumm
I mean yeah Austin being I'm Miami is gonna be different, but he'll always be that 14 year old boy from Texas.<3
We're about to open the exhibit hall at #urjbiennial. Stop by JPS booth 111 as you make your way through!
Hoping i get to go to Jaedans birthday party next month. :)
I never realized how often I visited Wikipedia until they turned it off.
where you been, I haven't seen you in a minute :(
"I'm going to do everything i can to stop it right here in the senate...that's not what this country stands for."
maybe after 20 attempts, iTunes will finally load today?
Just added to this Saturday's event: live holiday music from Carmel HS student musicians! Come see them between 12pm-2pm this Saturday!
Doctor Who? What?
...why you betray mi? el Awesomo es full of fun! refollow?
Wow #Missouri killed my bracket. Had them going to Final Four.
lol : Writing "etc" on an exam because you don't remember any more examples.
Listening to Radio Disney. One direction is playing. That is all.
I don't know how to feel. I never wanted my own brother to go through the same shiz as me. Ill be there for you
is washing her teeth ;) ahahaha
he is horrible.
to punt..kick when ya don't get the 10 yards..no metaphor intended
I just spent a minute trying to wrap my mind around fact that the latest culture-war issue is, of all things, contraception. It hurt.
FACT: Cheapest day to fly is Wednesday. Next cheapest: Tuesday & Saturday. Most expensive days to fly: Friday & Sunday.
Day 21 on the platform, feels more like a boat than a fixed platform. Pretty stormy today, rumors are we are supposed to get 2" of rain.
They just couldn't let Joshua go to the finale huh? Smh....
lol meant Wassup how you doing
Watching white cheeks with my best friend and #baby madi.
How can I acquire a bass guitar and a small amp in Houston for 6 weeks, for little to no money?
"Chloe in the afternoon" baby
I probably won't go lol
Me and my nanny, getting our SVU marathon on.
oh yeah!!
this stupid #bestbuy #motorola commercial is the worst thing ever made. was there not a SINGLE female tech innovator they could highlight?
I'm faded, faded, faded haha.
Finally headin home . Goofin around in the car with my mom
JR for the win. RT I heard it took you guys a long time to 'craft' those Dennis Farina shirts
thanks for tweeting the pre-concert talk and so glad you had a good time at the show tonight!
gotta keep a backup in the desk. It's a must.
so no chicken strips from kfc? Thoae dont make me sick. Lol. Other than that, what CAN I eat? haha.
lets pray..he's healthy!
I'm drunk and dancing
Good morning! Had an audition yesterday for a pilot... Still waiting to hear from my management.
Thanks for the follow and RT!
Literally not worth your time
I just saw #gas for $3.79/gal in Madison. I paid $4.11 just this week. WTF?!
o thats cute :)
She needs to keep her damn mouth shut!!!
Oh Kristen...I will give you a trophy for that the next time I see you!!
RT Duh! MNY w Amy Rabin in Miami Beach! RT Happy Monday! Retweet this if you are ready to get back to the mat
Why thank you Miss Marcy!
thx for the follow - so happy #OneCapella made Capella feel more like a family :)
"Never talk defeat. Use words like hope, belief, faith, victory." -- Norman Vincent Peale
Hewould throw a drowning man both ends of the rope just to see thelook on his face
What about Larry Fitzgerald? He's my hero! Do the braids affect Dudley's game?
its always sunny in philadelphia marathon (:
We just finished the film. Ready for world wide distribution! Check in for the latest news
The hyrax can do anything. They are amazing.
Step a little closer to the bed, Red...
Heyy lil brother!! we need to talk and catch up!!
Getting ready to hear Laura Allen speak about the 15-second pitch on an Adrian's Network call. I always learn a lot from the pitch girl.
was amazing but UGH her tweet about the halftime show being good? NO. just NO. if she keeps it up there should be a drug test
I'm THE fake one, and I don't get no shoes or nothin for it. I can tell who the best one is by lookin at number of followers.
retweeting like it's my JOB! Cause I basically say the same things every second of my life
Appreciate the little things.
#ThisSummerImTryna get tan!
If you love me you'll say it..
"never do wrong to a person who does you right" even though u perverted minded people are like "haha does you right ^.^" its the #truth lmao
i knew you would
Thanks for following us. Send me address and I will send you a couple samples
Woo Hoo poster giveaway!
Nothing I ever fucking do is right.
springing ahead to the ER. :-(
Mother&#39;s Day Gifts: &#39;GMA&#39; Exclusive Deals and Steals for Mom
tomorrow i'm finishing packing and giving myself a makeover.happy day. LA WONT KNOW WHAT HIT THEM!
if u can make Baltimore on ur way I can make u a killer bowl of crab soup! Definitely no "junk food"
haha oatmeal cookies , that sound like it'll be over for a nigga in the bandy
maybe, just maybe, you'll change that!
Not to jinx it, but someone may finally be subletting our Charlottesville apartment come June 1, so I can stop paying double rent! Yay!
Sorry , question was how do you plan to repair streets.
Accidentally biting the inside of my mouth so that it bleeds while I'm trying to eat is my body's way of telling me, "chill."
that's so cool
Drove by the birthday party at Aragon and it was nuts, but didn't expect to see security extend all the way to Montrose beach!
Isn't it good Twitter etiquette to follow those who follow you?
the texts Alexander sends me before he calls me at night >>> <3
:p lame*
Getting photography equipment ready for Fatemeh's baby shower tomorrow!
Hecks yea! Im sure one of us will get it (;
I LOVE when inspiration strikes. Just finished making four button magnets, three hair accessories, and six rings!
As Republicans & Democrats stand poles apart on the debt ceiling, the only place they could ever meet halfway is -- the Earth's molten core.
kay. hurry!
lmao! I will agree to that...but hittin some iron and and the elliptical does haha
good what about yourself ?
Soo looks like its just me and going down to PVAMU because my bestfriend Krin punked out <U+0001F62D><U+0001F494>
*sniffle sniffle* I love you SOROR!!!
Memphis may fire's new album is coming out in June!!!!!
Agreed, Cong staff too RT Women are 52% of the population. The need equal representation in Congress.
I like it when cab drivers (a) drive fast and (b) listen to
What's up sexy bitches (:
A1 If you have a specialized skill, such as knowledge of a certain software, note its relation to salary ranges.
Remixing songs from yesterday. I shouldn't mix anything at 4 AM...
Awesome! Bottleneck, by any chance? Regardless, I'll be there!
Had a nightmare last night that Michelle Bachmann helped me clean house. Still haunted by it.
I need to catch up on Twitter
I'll be leaving soon... I hope. The offer is much appreciated though! :)
You must be in Atlanta. The nice post office lady at one on Piedmont says the only way to fix it is to write to USPS
thanks! i feel like it gets better the old i get, so i believe you! i'll be celebrating tomorrow night, you should come!
Twitter is way better on my new kindlefire than on my stupid phone! Many sorrys for all the typos to come
where u at
DIY FTW! If too ADD (negative frame) / intellectually curious (positive) to choose a major, now you don't have to
Reading over the crap I wrote yesterday....not all that bad, after all. Haha, I really should write more often :P
How's Your Day Going Love's?
For each sector, we offer several different sector-specific courses
I'm excited to tweet with the DC seminar! Tried to tweet to #jhudc, but my tweet didn't appear?
RT if you would buy from 's shoe line!
"the world is your oyster, it is yours for the taking!"<U+0001F499>
Still waiting to go on the air, are you watching?
Haha... I know you want me.
lol thanks ! Miss you more! Are you down here, I wanna see you!
same here
A bad bitch like me, is hard to find.
A dog in distress often indicates a problem that may need immediate attention.....
im my Fav
U wont find anyone hotter on twitter then !!!!!!!!!
A true fan will stick by them, no matter what.
Where is hiba like seriously!?
#4FamousWords Stay Out If It
how much prep are you considering? Beans, meat rice are cheap but need cooking.
Jesus succeeded in every part of life that we failed
If your In Knoxville, TN tonight come out to Cotton Eyed Joe's to see Randy Houser!!! Show starts at 8 PM!!!
Saul made me this cool ass drawing of an elephant.
Who says the #teaparty is dead?
Make that "Toasty Torpedo" not "Toasy"
hehe thanks for rt your own quote! Nice meeting you today for just a few moments. Great panel !
Thanks so much for having us! great playing with you guys! Great sets!
Going to see the new transformers movie tomorrow night...woohoo!
Going home, Oregon is so beautiful, I'm moving here one day!
Im backk, and by back i mean not hungover anymore
KNIGHTHAWKS GOAL! Point beats the clock with 3 seconds left in the second quarter. At half time the score is 6-5 Rochester.
Only 6 days left to register for Picture Perfect Spa Presents the INBF/WNBF Texas Fit Model Search (www.TexasFitModel.com)
I may be late but WOAH ray j and Houston sex tape.....whaaaaa?!
im so happy i got the #neversaynever3d ! :)
So does winning a gold medal for a design presentation make me a "real" ux designer now?
I got that crucial killa love
BB: O'Dell flies out to center to end the game. Eagles season ends with 6-5 loss to Dominican.
RT "At the to see Front row, baby!" Have a great time tonight, Paul! Should be fun!
dude I need to see this
And made several vital tackles
Ewww robbie just ate a huge spoon full of mayonese
ESPN just said " you gon learn today" lmfao
what am i doing today? OMProcrastination.
u cant get that its not on the dollar menu lol
Another day, another dollar
lol- I was probably there; big fan for 20 yrs. She's a pretty consistent performer. It was a lot of fun, excellent food at venue.
I don't want to... Are you in school ?!
“Thank you for such a wonderful experience at the Dosha. I love my hair so much more now. You did an awesome job" LOVE these comments!
is welcomed to Hawaii.
that's one expensive turkey sammich
RT ME Vale Dick!
I'm watching and I'm waiting for #CaseyNovak!!!
Went 0-2 on House Hunters International :(
LOVE my new twitter page! can't wait 2 start one for Liking layout & #discover functions. Yes, more like FB & G+ in a good way
You seriously dont understand anythingg...it doesnt have anything to do with you
That's good. You must be allergic to me. Lol.
It's in Louisville, that's why I know about it. haha
Excited for my team as they head into Oiler territory tomorrow. Let's get those first two in their barn!!
Confirmed via Ron Artest interview: he's still crazy, 'World Peace' is ironic.
Monday nights = Fun nights 's
We're trying to convince it's ok to take a random cough drop from I wouldn't, but Patrick should ;)
ah! Thanks, buddy!
wut u think of that Dope Boy Fantasies joint?...came up w/ that when I was locked...
"40 IN MY HAND AND I AINT TALKIN BOUT A PISTOL"
agreed! #socents play a great role in #data collection, interpretation, #affordable #access &
Three art pieces will be KidNaPPed tonight.
What happens to flash based projects on the ipad? Note to self: need to order one quickly
Silence is a girl's loudest cry. You can always tell she's really hurt when she starts ignoring you.
i need to get away from this place too :(
why would u leave money on him someone could take it!
Weathery Walk just got added to my shit list. Thanks assholes! I shouldn't have to tell you all my business. What else you want to know?
too,too funny!
I bet politicians skip the gym on the day of the
Michael Bloomberg dancing w Lady Gaga = priceless
Prime Minister of Zimbabwe is apparently in the Tribune Tower. Secret Service guys don't think my jokes are funny.
I thinks we all know which one wins out. Plus, who said you can't do both?
it's okay, i can't either. :(
love can never seem to leave that store:-) me n my daughter shopping4 her show 2morrow. who knew one outfit would take so long .
When Science Goes to the Dogs is being held at the Tutt Branch Library on January 27th at 4:30pm. All ages welcome.
My team is da team..period..
Building up endurance on your fast double bass hurts -_-
Past, Present, Future! Which one do you live in?
It's sloppy out there, and we're not just talking about Santorum. Stay dry! Low waits, low rates. Cars near you right now! (206)722-7696
Looking forward to introducing to tomorrow. Followed by Mexican food, naturally.
it really is BOWS ALL THE WAY
RESTAURANT WEEK HAS BEGUN! 410-347-0888 to make your reservation for lunch or dinner!
Lincecum looking for some get right...
story of my life....
You're welcome! :)
Thanks, Anthony! I'm really looking forward to it.
Hope you'll listen to our benefit CD for the Tells Twain's life in spoken word & song. Eastwood, Buffett, etc
hey tweet again to change that number to 9667! scary <U+2639>
thanks for your support
Don't have plans for this Sunday? Bring the family to see WEST SIDE STORY! We are extending RUSH tix to both performances on April 24th
happy super moon derby cinco de mayo, folks ;) PS - make sure you follow and say hi to me over at for personal and fun stuff ;)
Morning musts: make-up, lunch for work, bomb outfit and
Richard Edwards (): workshop = ouvroir: 1. are rooms in convents; 2. charitable institution; 3. sewing circle
What did you learn last night ?
I really wish I had a guy in my life right now. I wish I had someone to go home to with a bottle of wine and a night watching movies.
Are you two at your houses?
thinking of good tech test questions for open house at tonight. (any good ideas for test automation questions?)
More jokes like this "Gay people should have the right to be miserable like the rest of us." Makes me laugh so hard I pee my and your pants
Louisville's getting a little chippy
you're presh. I miss you! !
Hopefully not!
: It's our job as advocacy organizations to motivate and activate the Latino community. LULAC agrees!
What would you do if you knew you couldn't fail?
If I offered FREE, U.S. Made, Attractor Roasted Peanut Suet tube samples (3-pack) for just the cost of shipping ($4.94), would you try it?
its May Day! up tha punx!
I'm thinking a movie by myself sounds good tonight but which one .. The lucky one... Think like a man ... Or cabin in the woods
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements - establishes the need for power of attorney documents.
Todays daily special: Jamacian style chicken soup YUM! only $3.00 a cup come get it while its hot!
is headed to the 4th Avenue Gallery in Ann Arbor... Group Show and singer song writer Bill Edwards and his band...7pm-11pm
Thanks, Cara! Very glad to be connected!
I wanna go swiiiiiming!!! <U+2600><U+0001F3CA><U+0001F60A>
#dhtrial standing for jury.. judge in place
I think Mark Zuckerberg will probably laugh solid for the next 30 days. You think he'll have sex tonight too? How much better can it get?
Den Doe! *Ghetto voice* lol
peanut butter jelly time..even though i hate peanut butter ..i only like reeses cup ! LMFAO im awkward.
bored at home....wish i could go shopping wit my friends
I know, we should have selected a rarer beast like the dulcimer.
anything for twitter? haven't heard back from webform
A code of conduct will be established...this is to be created legislatively. Will also increase penalties for abuse.
ahh i know i would love to! i hate leaving dc, and YOU!!! haha you ran away from taking shots! that was hilarious!
correction: no one is going to believe the fake ID you made with photoshop 2 and a color printer.
What it do?
i'm getting my makeup done atm. Soon c:
If you could hack anyone Facebook account, whose would it be and why?
WE appreciate your interest, but We're not promoting the new chef yet. Msg for ?'s
But u didnt have to cut me off....!
it's boring? No one wants to be there? You think you're the only one who cares? Where's the donation tray?
Nice photo, Jim.
#nicholassparks #luckyone is the next book I need to read :)
Have fun!! #UCtour #UC2017 RT : College tour at university of Cincinnati.
Anybody know were austin is??? #worried havent herd him anybody
Why did we not pick Konz?!?
: RVA restaurant suggestion(s) for dinner for 20 members of Nantucket garden club in mid-April?
Absolutely! Well said.
Thinking about your leadership at #ECET2 CONFERENCE! Well done. How's the work?
RT: #mediachat starts in 1 hour! Tonight’s guest is and our topic is “Brands and future use of Twitter”. See you all soon!
besides we suffered for about 13 years goes with out saying! Lol
I am writing just over two pages of dissertation text for every one page of outline, & doing so at a rate of just under three pages an hour.
I was just thinking the same thing?! I am too:)
I-O GO BUCKS
Beauty and the Beast out Jan 13. The original romantic French movie. #whowantstogo?
Apparently I have forgotten how to drive a stick today. I used to know the difference in first and reverse
woke up this morning to 1,616 books in my inbox.
Sad news today - Adam MCA Yauch
You either find common ground as part of the governing or you decide to be the party of indifference. That's the question GOP
Article: "Patterns for collaborative work in health care teams" (Grando, Peleg, & Glasspool, 2011)
Appreciate having on the show tonight. Now its time to watch do or die for my New Jersey Devils
no problem. sorry to trouble you friend.
#parenthood season finale is next week?!?!?
Wasn't me.
cool pic i love it
on my way
No tweet whistle for me. Just the regular txt msg tri-tone
I need my mom!! So sick agh
Doc and the top we shall go!
You're *probably* right about that!
Yeah baby!!! Let's do this!!!
HB 364 Passes House Health & Welfare Committee Unanimously!!!!
Good Morning #TwitterFamily......A Morning is a Wonderful Blessing, Either Cloudy or Sunny. It stands for Hope, giving....
Find fashion you can't find anywhere else: www.store.ustrendy.com
Downside of teaching urself final cut... 5 years of waiting forever for things to render when I didn't have to!!!
looking for booking, features and track submission info. Thanks!
Thanks! New at this blog stuff... learning on the fly!
Espresso, biscotti regina, beautiful and curious objects and Carnival of Souls today.
Hello, we received a message from you and would like to know who should I contact please.
A tweet about a bar's new seasonal cocktail menu is something that shouldn't be labeled boldly (or at all) as "breaking news."
& if she lying. . .dont cuff her
lmao no, I just thought that sounded hilarious
Prudential Connecticut Realty Acquired By Berkshire Hathaway Affiliate
Those that can, do. Those that can't, teach. Those that can't teach, critique.
Jacie, nobody cares what you have to say, what your going through. Nobody wants to talk to you.
Excellent! We hope to see you again this year! // Way ahead of you. Last year you were my #gencon lunch every day!
and it made me paranoid about the low chance I could get breast cancer.
I cant stand people who are ALWAYS negative!
Been sittin in these stupid workshops all day!...I'm ready to mingle lol
of course, hi-wi-fi comes first.
hey everyone down here in TEXAS in so excited for the conceret tonight :D cuz down here we texans go BIG!!!! <3
thanks!! i'll try to meet you girls at alberto's on the flip side!!
we all have a really short friend, and that friend is me
Aw :). We love working with you too! #GoTeam RT : It's a pleasure to work with in #Vegas You rock!
Just had a kickass photoshoot with photographer Wes Naman for the Local Iq. Look for us in a couple weeks!
Hey I heard you like them wild ones ;) <3
Taking naps when its raining>>>>
Matt don't be stupid. of course you couldn't.
Smiling faces do tell lies I call them smiling haters them is the werses kind
What up Allen!
thinks the fact that the $139 kindle only has wi-fi sort of undercuts the excitement of the price cut.
I do? bhaahh you could be a model!!!!
Met with Oprah's people today.
when do you have finals? The week of June 18th?
happy belated Bday.
The number of people not in the workforce has shot up to over 88 million - highest on record..... Obama Regime cooking the books.
book is gay
good morning sunshine!
But I need that spark to get psyched back up.
they're probably a tad bit heavy.
Happy Cinco de Mayo to all of our followers!
Three small boys with their moms came to the mission with armloads of socks for the homeless!
NOT STOPPING NOW, I GOTTA TALK TO YOUU!(;
well whenever you have the Buffalo Wings contest I want an invite! ;)
Back to back win! #LAKERRRSSSSS <U+0001F49C><U+0001F49B><U+0001F3C0>
Yeah, and the earth is flat and at the center of all & Electricity is the sperm of the Gods.
nice compass
Currently obsessed with the international tour of Cinderella with Lea Salonga. #inspiring <U+0001F478><U+0001F3B5><U+0001F3B6><U+0001F380>
#concert, Happy 4th everyone
if you guys know any good wineries please tell them about our Wine competition for entry forms are on our website
#RedSox need to win this game. #1 pitcher Lester on mound. 2 games below 500. Lost 2 out of 3 to lowly A's. Need to get on track! Go Sox!!
Miss my her :(
I've got work to do & this weather is not helping me move further along... <U+0001F612>
So true.. RT “: #Capricorn's may love routine but we get bored very easily.”
Sometimes small get togethers are more fun than huge ragers
Wanted to see if anyone has even been to my page...Not a damn soul has even taken a look lately...man?????????
Massiverocketradio.com is no longer streaming live events, for more info email us at
I think it is- btw miss tweeting with you!
Really tired. Better go to bed soon....
RT Had a blast today at ascarate park with my Gz family. Life wouldn't be the same without them <U+2665>
RT OK, the Internet is awesome. There is a out there doing gods work.
Ninja Warrior. What a show.
Life aint always beautiful, but it's a beautiful ride! ~Gary Allan
Hawaii 50 set up on DVR for tonight :)
4 yards rushing, for the whole game . . That isn't good, not very good at all. hm I guarantee the hawks will do better next week!
Is it totally lame that this made me blush? RT : oh..and you look very beautiful today. ;)
-hooray that we finally met!
"Even when I walk across campus, I am communicating things to people." - Dr. Omi Jones
thanks.....was a blast as usual
Great Campaign! Really captures what natives truly love about NM!
What is really the value in learning about history, I wonder?
Happy Mothers Day Mama Mahone<3 hope you had a wonderful day!
So proud of you!
Scary..: BREAKING: Virginia Tech reports gunman on campus, tells students, staff to stay inside and secure doors. - BW #breakingnews -BW”
When I move somewhere that allows pets the first things I'm getting are a cute little dog and a big snake!
This scribe is either skipping all over the poem or (more likely?) was misbound somewhere in its history and nobody has noticed until now.
Just now going to sleep!
Music's the medicine of the mind.
We had a fantastic live show this morning! Were YOU watching?
Back in Half Price Land!! Looking forward to an action packed and fun filled footy year!!!
I wanna go see the Avengers ! Scarlett Johanson is so pretty
Have you checked out our Wild Blog yet? Click here to get great workout tips, recipes, upcoming events & see what's new with Wild!...
Timbers come back from down a goal to win for 1st time
Oh....I've got all kinds of ideas!! :) 160 characters won't do it though! LOL
Everyday is another day of bringing hope at the Phil's Friends office. Please pray for all of the cancer patients we serve.
you can pick it up from Amanda at our office!
Amazing Idea! We MUST put that together! Shall we have a talk this week?
aahhhhhhh <3 second best thing of tonight <U+E328> I'm so happy boo ' !
Why did Maroon 5 name their new song and sing about using a "Pay Phone" - It makes no sense. Who the hell uses a Pay Phone anymore? No one.
check out the tweet that I just RT... he is hilarious
Advanced SEO Tactics: On Beyond Keyword Research (via IMU)
what happened to #Austream? are we geeting the 6pm one?
What are your heckler plans? Why am I asking? <.< No reason...
i was in morning mentoring :))
photoshoots and interviews today. Should be fun.
I have a thing with white shirts and coffee stains this week...
that's crazy(:
It's always guys that I don't like who likes me... but the guys I like don't give two flying noodles about me.
Good luck on your concert tomorrow sweetie<3 I'm sorry I can't be there! I will be watchin online though!:D
our advice is eat #magiccookies and drink #loseitshakes--then take that mirror ball home!!
Ours is a love hate relationship. Right now? I hate you.
OWASP Orlando now has a co-leader! Q2 meeting for May looking pretty awesome as well. SQLi and Mobile (in)Security fun!
Ok, time to head out. Nervous as fucking fuck.
Love that, Darren.
think I made a wrong turn back there somewhere
There's nothing like a 2008 Veronese to make you look at your problems and say f*ck it. As I write this a #Mets rookie hit a 3 run homer!
You assholes. I am not no damn steak dinner.
Just hit snooze so many times I can hear the judgemental tone on my alarm kicking on.
He should have opened his eyes. She was crazy for him. But he didn't, now she's gone and there's nothing he can do.
Watch your shadow fade.
well then F you too.
haha true story!
Nice to see the Redbirds retire The Genius' No. 10... equally nice to see that LaRussa and Eckersley still have uniformly brown hair lol
This morning the Chispa Marketing team will be representing Team Hammy at the 11th Annual Lou Gehrig’s Disease 10K Run & 5K Run/Walk!...
Thanks for the love!
All unsigned #artists #rappers #singers amateur #models #producers for further exposure get @ me.
I was gonna wait til the 20th to tell you but I'm going camping.. Congratulations on the 4 years! Your very strong!
uh huh
Good Morning! You already know what time it is....... cardio time :)
You know you picked the wrong hotel when you have to cuddle your laptop to keep warm.
listenin to mr jones preach in african american studies club lol
Paul Canton reflecting on the question "What is an event?" End result: "It is hard to do a little data modeling."
Anyone who watches soccer should tell me his this afternoons game went
watching 300 because it's the shit
I want a yo-yo :/ .. Did they stop making those?
Jeff Carlat and Jerry Chin kicking off Day 2 with Proactive Service & Support
i was thinking about how cool a parking lot party would be yesterday (+couches, lighting, etc). And w/ adults not toddlers.
thanks a lot!
Three hours straight of phone calls when I got deadlines to meet. Frustrating.
why not?
Don't send me crap!!
Eeeeeep i can finally do my cobra flying position perfect
It's been a crazy day!!! Hope everyone is having a wonderful Friday.
STAY AWAY FROM MY GIRLFRIEND!!!!
np. Just let me know specs, info and timeline
Getting ready to head to the village pub to watch Loud Mouth Soup! Best cover band around!
Might need a mid-day caffeine fix...
At work? Leave early.
Still waiting to go on the air, are you watching?
TONIGHT 6-8! We're hosting My Block: A Youth Photography Exhibition by students. Check out their work, it's amazing!
FREE LOTTO TICKET ! TODAY FROM 2-4PM ! WHILE SUPPLIES LAST!
If only you knew. . .
I tried to make a collective anti-typical profile.
Things change, friends leave, but life doesn’t stop for anybody.
It's 1020 and I need a drink. #signsits timetorethinkmyjob
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate isn't it funny one of your breasts is abnormally larger than the other?
why do people give shout outs? i dont fully understand twitter
y'all make the semi-annual back chatter of council a pleasure.
UCOL Technology Services has several Flips available for checkout to UCOL faculty for our classes
woo hoo “: MAZEL! On our way to interview at with ! #mosttalkative #bookparty”
See you at BSU Saturday.
Thanks will.i.am for bringing back to the Maritime Music Hall last night, that brought back memories.
they got dookie shakes at denneys
the #NEWaesthetic = quickly produced, tech-heavy, content heavy, interactive, voluminous and wide spread
oh okay just checking
Clearly you get what you pay for
Now, what is entailed in the Hole Behind Midnight game?
@ RevRunWisdom, Very true. Praise is wonderful. Mark Twain said that he can go two months on a good compliment.
Get your popcorn ready RT Hello friends, family, and fans.This is my official account I finally found the time to join twitter.
you will definitely be missed best wishes with everything!!!!!
We had a doozer thunderstorm today, yeah in Feburary! Weird! How ya' doing Tommy? New Hit coming out "Single For Sure"
Thanks to all of our new followers for pushing us beyond 100 followers! Hope everyone had a good Wednesday.
Haha yes!!! My life has been fulfilled!!!!":)
GET SOME ciroc
follow me...
How can you improve your brand management?
My dad had to get off the phone with me because he dropped a 2 liter Dr Pepper and it went spraying everywhere. HAHA
Do you have a DVD burner? You are just missing the software to make that exact DVD copy?
If you're still working on that LinkedIn training, add "don't put your name in all caps or all lowercase." Have a good weekend!
Happy Saturday. Cheers!
"if I held my ground would you ask me to change ?"
Have a lovely morning and a fantastic day!
Good Morning TMD'ers...its the Spurs and ....Jazz or Den in Rd 1, Cowboys talk, Yuuuuuuuuuuuuuu! and a whole lot more
If sports commentary during games lacked to exist anymore there would be less violence in world...just an observation
I love you babyy! (:
for their liquor license, which entitles them to stay open until 2am. Town is trying to collect extra on top of that.
Problems faced with codependency
You're welcome
Better make that bet by Sunday. $$$
My favorite London bookstores are and the Shop.
A as well!
Not to be all bloodthirsty and shit, but If they found bin Laden after he had already died from kidney failure or something
Watching this #Heat game! Cmon boys lets do this!
My bedroom is looking super indie eclectic.. I don't know how I feel about this.
Fred Meyer in Portland decides to get rid of plastic bags starting Aug. 1. What do you think? Good idea or bad?
Had a great time this week having the Browns in town! Especially last night! Thank you so much for bringing us to (:
So do we. And we still doing it
In the house watching gammys
what did you call me?!
if someone got shot down the road you should re enact it on
just arrived this afternoon!
Wow wow wow.
you're welcome :)
There's no time like the present... please follow us instead of here... that's our lively account grt info on social commerce, ux, +
WSFA.com BREAKING NEWS: Alabama unemployment rate climbs to 10.0% Holy Smokes!!!
My laptop won't stop playing Rolling in the Deep. I think it's because it's a Dell.
I put an aftermarket pipe on my bike. And I'm not sorry.
and i got a gf
a week without social media. I survive! :)
Defense has to do better than this, especially on 3rd down. Questionable call + long Cal drive ends in a FG and 3-0 lead.
every single person that I have dealt with today has been utterly incompetent, and I have only been awake for an hour.
thank you for the RT! :)
"ASK & u will RECEIVE, SEEK & u will FIND, KNOCK & the door shall be OPENED" MATTHEW 7:7-8 & the church says-AMEN! Now apply it 2 u'r life!
Sorry, I realized she was on there after I sent that tweet. Love Liz's #sunrise pics! :)
I've lost all faith. Fuck you #Spartans and
thanks Patrick!
Off to the LBK
Thanks Rafal, I appreciate that!
If I passed this taxonomy & plant test I'ma go crazy . That's ish was HARD !!!
Chief Michael Maloney was set to retire next week.
Lauren-- one of the way to reinvigorate the arts is to blend them and to collaborate with other artists
your welcome
Hey Bro, thanks again for the analysis. I do think it's what I've been looking for and will make a viable film now
#BOYFRIENDReview it shows us grown up
I better see you!
ik, he's sexy.
new tweet its been a while
Jordan says thousands of documents have been released "in transparency." This is part of the open records request filed by EP Times
you will be a twitter maven now!
#WordsofaWiseMan Its just the drugs bro
Happy to be showing and Detroit loves North Carolina!
Mute Math is going on tour with Linkin Park and Incubus! Whaaatttt!!!
Fans were amazing tonight!
JUST GOT HOME FROM WORK LONGDAY SUNNYDAY JUST ENJOYING THE BEAUTY,,,,,,,
Hope to see you done there! RT : Reading about it sounds so great! May have to make a stop there on Sat.!
WHAT time is it in L.A.
Both Chapman (Lennon) and Hinkley (Reagan) were known to be associated with the same facility of MK engagement in Honolulu.
cannot watch any network news until they start adding good news. Its too sensationslist.
IMAX was everything you could want to watch transformers, but I don't know about those two "ghetto" bots in the movie?
Needs to be problem centered, NOT content centered
I will beat the brakes off that pussy.
Why is it so easy to eat things that are bad for you but so hard to eat thins that are good for you?
highinthe_bIAIR not doing nothing anymore...
I am so disgusted by this.. my birthday is 2day& I am celebrating it in a way that honors him~ however it can be respectfully done .
TELL ME NOT?
So I almost just hugged a random little girl. She looked just like my halfsister. Awkward.
OK, brilliant. Something on the theme of #innovation or #crowdsourcing, perhaps?
Bobby Light brings the heat!
Welcome back to those who may be returning from a holiday break, have a great #Monday!
i like what is doing for #rsd. hot hot hot.
HA, okay. -____-
I do! I'd recommend to anyone looking to build their own site for sure.
Ya me entumi e
if you are going to be a player, then you gotta be a pro. you gotta know the difference between a wifey & a hoe.
Did anyone really doubt that Russell Wilson would compete for the job? Not saying he'll get it, but dude impresses everywhere he goes.
Presenting this morning with the CIO of Portland State about Prioritizing Projects through IT Governance - 8:30 in Broadway IV
I'm calling it now - New Year's Rockin' Eve 2012/13 with Dick Clark's Hologram.
You are welcome, Jessica!
I'm not supposed to like The Avengers. I'm totally gay.
the good ones are few and far between good sir. Usually death metal soundtrack = amateurish and terrible.
amazon is teasing me then! AH
Whelp, at least I know that stress has one positive quality: weight loss.
Best of luck!
Good Morning!!!!
Yum! Most definitely at the top of our list as well. Enjoy!
Yes the people want to know. Webinar oversubscribed for update on NYState Health Insurance Exchange. h/t
Thanks! Was hoping ppl would see that it couldn't have been me, but with the multitude of posts he was pretty convincing lol!
I'm ready for school to ENNNNNDDDDDDDDDDD.
Yeah me too, still debating if its a healthy thing or not lol. Where ya from?
What a lovely #gig you booked my dear. Props kiddo!
W.S Merwin was moving me deeply with his poetry this evening on Bill Moyer's Journal.
Cool video. Wish they had made more explicit use of timelapse, but other effects (HD & enhanced colors) are pretty good.
. Oh! Our crime fighting catch phrase can be "We'll sleep when we're dead!" Fitting and reinforces how bad ass we are.
lmfao. Aw I gotta pay though? I can't get a discount?
I don't like dances. Plus if I change my mind there's always next year.
#prayforlondon can't believe what's going on there. amazing to witness the power of numbers
Cuse loses and it will be out on Caldwell St in many pieces. Orange are mental midgets and Boeheim even worse.
Is it too much to ask for a man to still fuck you while on the rag? stop being a fucking pussy and fuck that pussy.
Y'all are beggign for the rough side of my tongue. Esp you,
Listen to UN Goodwill Ambassador #DonCheadle wrapping up the day with @ #EnvisionFilmhttp ://goo.gl/oa71N -
Hey buddy thanks for tracking down that Spotify invite. You're the man!
Jay-Z and Beyonce rule in both worlds
It's like Waiting for #Godot at
OMG! “: hey you guys know about 1025 live right? Big concert by the capital. Thousands of people”
yea, i just got my internet back not too long ago. I can start writing stories whenever. That's why I texted u that one day.
A lady is entitled. To some fun... Live your life woman..
Blackberry is second best to Iphone
im a poopsie.
Back to work - Hello Xcode, we meet again..
Fur, snow, marykate and Ashley Olson
#lifevineworks really digs what does! Keep reporting on fantastic creativity!
Another studio shoot today.. hopefully the sun will come back out tomorrow
im glad i hav yuh to lean on...i tell u everthin somethings i sudnt...bt u no them
do you think you could follow me please?
shouldn't have moved yet, you should have meet ur mahomies at north star one more time so i could have said goodbye :/
on the real bro monkey bizz
Playing a show at on Feb. 4th. Tell your friends to go. Tweet, message, or #Facebook me for tickets.
lol ok cool I'm just excited today tweeting all my followers but I'll leave u alone
Four days till the beach!
That's cool, but I think I'd wind up playing "guess the facet name" or just use it as simple search out of confusion.
Now following love their tweets so amazing if u have a twitter u need to follow them
By the way, how much is UCLA paying these recruits? How you gonna get THAT kind of recruiting class after the past few years & the bad pub?
How on earth did that happen?
where at fagg?
wish it was heineken
Hey DC's On ur way back from lunch go down aisle 700. Pick up a #FREE sample kit ($25 value) b4 they're gone!
I'm #AGirlThat loves you (: <U+2665>
#TeamMindless all day, everyday
Neither toxic fumes, fires, nor closed streets can stop the powers of HR and Talent from convening in Boston @ #HCM2012. Day II starts now!
Follow Me?? Your A Big Inspiration To Me !!(:
now people are going to say it, just to annoy you.
forget sugar daddys- go for plumbers!
I NEED the USA release of "Drinking from the Sun" STAT!
I caught staring at my ass yesterday, it was kinky.
"Window" for Baseball
sanjina you can pick us up... Jk but seriously. Let's find someone who can drive that isn't at prom
Goodnight everyone<3 been a good day! and with 10 Mins left, HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! for like the 5000th time<3
Creepy: One seagull outside my window sounds like a human screaming.
Almost done. only been 6mo. Patience grasshopper. RT : fix your bridge it's been a yr. I could build a bridge faster
he makes a nice tuna casserole…so you are in good hands.. : )
I have a pounding headache and chills I been sleeping over a half day
Off to get some inspiration from the Band of Horses () at the Fillmore.
RT : Been a solid 10 hours since I've seen an even mildly humorous dog joke. Gonna be a long summer.
Be sure to look out for tomorrow's #Groupon #Goods - it's going to be a good week!
The only reason why I watched American Idol tonight was because I wanted to see !! They hardly showed her!! Ugh!!! :/
If you want a happy ending, that depends, of course, on where you stop your story. --Orson Welles
Just saw mirror mirror! It was great! Love fairytales....
Why is this? Don't we support our community bookstores anymore?
Coincidence? Yahoo news headline about Koch Brothers selling to Iran...sort of like GE (?) in violation of law. Why now?
No LaMarcus Aldridge tonight vs. Golden State after team reveals "abnormality" found in right hip MRI. 8 games to go, shut him down?
Depo'ing away in the valley
I wonder how many idiots are going to get high or say "HAPPY BIRTHDAY BOB MARLEY!" When its NOT even his birthday. #GetYoFactsStraight #4/20
its dope man
Feeling ok really hoping to shake this cough by tonight but glad to be feeling better
Metcalf said that Dickerson said that when he tweets a book, say, he has zero sway in sales. I *highly* doubt that.
Dog fencing can be an attractive and functional option whether you are keeping your don in or out.
don't think that your crossposting between FB & twtr won't go un-noticed.....
NW "Life After" with Al Reynolds (Star Jones ex husband) #Interesting !
Hey guys! Who's getting their Italian on at #Subway for lunch? I am! Also, we've got #trivia this afternoon. Hollaaa! Watch for it.
TD Dunbar w/20 seconds left in the half- Dunbar 21 Coolidge 13
Tomorrow is the Relay for Life for out team at SAC. Hope you can join us for all the fun in support of the American Cancer Society!
I know who you are.
sounds like a great event. Nova SE U. just started a new Sales graduate program. Perhaps I can sell my book at your expo?
Locked eyes with you several times tonight! You're dreamy!
I guess he does. RT Colin Dunlap for the 2nd part. Wait, does he even count?
I'll only say this about Devils fans: the Rangers, Flyers, Habs, Bruins or Wings never held a "don't invade our building" campaign.
Girl! 8 of those tickets are bullshit!!! And Im freezing right now :((
sadly no. Got in late Tuesday night, sessions all day yesterday and today, leaving tomorrow. Sad face.
I know, right? Now I'm obligated to be all uppity and outraged like I'm actually paying attention.
“: Once upon a time rappers told stories in rhymes, now they lie in every song, telling stories in rhymes...”
Good morning all!!
Congratulations!!! RT : I am so grateful. 6 grammy nominations little monsters
. mascot Screech inciting violence in produced piece showing him rubbing cheesesteaks in Phillies fans' faces. Funny? Poor taste?
I gave up. Hardly on the twitter'er any more - I don't know if I'm getting old and loosing my multitasking abiity or what!
Thank you! Still looking for suitable side chairs, but it's nice to have something to lounge on at last.
A crushed ego only gives way to humility
I LOVE YOU :) <333
Can one of my friends wake up and talk to me, I'm bored.
broke my hands I can only use mouth
I went overboard on making Packer jello shots last week. Come in and mention this post and you get 1 free Brunch time.
HEY HEY YOU YOU YOU NEED A NEW GIRLFRIEND ;) <U+2665>
"Advertising in the final analysis should be news. If it is not news it is worthless."
Spring savings! Pick out your new spring fashions and save 30% now through April 30 at
We’ve found that tamales are perfect for those cool spring mornings. And afternoons. And evenings. Try it for yourself.
RT | : "Social makes much of what used to be invisible, visible" | agree; w/b ksf for measuring flow
Heaven has to resemble downtown Chicago when the weather is nice
Have the #FINEST time!
Gonna watch some YT vids then take a shower then read The Maze Runner.
How do we engage faculty in the CTL website material? Are we just lecturing at our faculty? - Sally Kuhlenschmidt
I only get one quarter at rosedale, and I can finish all of my finals for this year. <U+0001F60F>
Wish I could b woke up by tht
There's nothing more comforting and reassuring than a hug from my mother or sister.
I think every conference is a germ conference
omg thts how it is :{
thank you :)
Well, it is a toasty 48 Degrees F here where I am... please let it rain and the heat wave break in Texas!!!
Follow in my CEO voice LOL !!!!!!
Stop by McD's this afternoon for a delicious and refreshing #McCafe drink.
That's why it's funny haha. The stupid ones are the best.
we circulate iPads in a neoprene bag with the charger. Can find out the brand if you need it.
what a wonderful christmas!! feeling so thankful...
Vet Reprimanded for ‘Disgraceful Conduct ’ The Disciplinary Committee of the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons (RCVS) on Wednesday
I can't even assume anything, the rage blackout takes over, and I lose a few hours.
so aparently y computer dosent want me to listen to love line cause im an idiot and cant figure it out fuck my life time for sleeping pill
one for solo, two for duo.
what the fuck is moobies? is that some type of down syndrome term?
Hi Claireja. I was wondering if you were going to join. Glad you shared your favorite. Chat is just wrapping up.
its like out of a movie!
Thanks! XO RT
Sure, come on by circus mashimus. Or
: no prob! Hope it's a great day!!
'til we meet again Buelita. I miss you already, but you're in a better place now.
from now on just equate lenox with cookies and you will always remember to hit me up first lol RT : aww man <U+0001F614>
anytime!! See ya at school birfday girl!!
they offered favre the head coach job and he took it....then retired 5 mins later.
Aw she's just as pretty as u
how do we get in touch w the kid who does those amazing books?
Birthday girl ;*
I will. ill have to cum over his house tomorrow
I back Lars if such a throw down were to happen :)
#NotGonnaLie these chocolate, blueberry pancakes are amazing! With a side of vodka & lemonade #fatty #
wwoooo. Heart is beating fast, but I got all my classes... I'm so done with being stressed! Finals and I'm outta here.
Agree on both accounts. But not that I would hit it, that Brett would.
Whats with all the #porn sites following us today? Is it Pr0n thursday or something?
yep! Im so pumped! Should be around Christmas! I hope to be half the uncle those guys on full house are!
I sold my ticket, revised the attendee name, and sent it to the new owner. Thanks for your help.
Something's been missing
Yup, that.
I hope they can change my classes :(
More of the latter, I guess. I like Jeffs' book, but the newest edition is out of print and $70 online.
Good morning everyone, I just woke up . And I'm hungry as hell. What's for breakfast peeps?
*heart heat whatever. Come on
Our current games at Slabtown are Pinball Magic, Whirlwind, Johnny Mnemonic, Demolition Man, Party Zone and Dr Dude
come on out for that drink anytime.
No! I hope you find them!
Last day of winter, and it's snowing. Seems appropriate. :)
hopefully soon! we currently cover the east coast.
Nicnos brought us such good luck last night they're coming back tonight! Wahoo!
h i
<like> RT : Lord knows I'm a voodoo child.
Really? Too much cute/Hunky men type stuff happens to actually get scared..lol. Scared they won't get laid?
National Restaurant Association Show TODAY! :)
the first (&best) finochiona i've tasted was while working in Florence. Spreadable & course @ same time. Is it coarse @ cypress?
thank you to everyone who came to the meet and greet last night! For more info email . YAY!
Maybe we'll see his cute neighbor next time? It's really the neighbor I'd like to see..
Remember, how it looks on the paper at first is not as important as getting the idea down on the paper. You can always fix it later.
morning bae, how was your weekend?
try to fake three laughs in an hour - ha ha ha ha ha - they'll take you away, man
New things coming soon.
It was wonderful! Thank you :) RT : We hope you enjoyed your birthday with us! C ome back soon!
I'm ready to leave Red Robin and our waitress is taking her sweet time to bring is our checks.
well I mean since Friday but i only had to play like 10 games today to get it :b
"Aiemwitu" by Musiq Soulchild is still the most beautiful love song ever. It brings me to tears everytime. Happy tears. #memories:)
Thank you for what you bring to my life~! I look forward to enjoying your professional progress. Best wishes!
thanks for coming out and giving it a whirl!
Dude, there are worse things...you could have just been STRANDED lol
woah, let's pump the brakes.
Mom was asking me for fashion advice over text, and I finally said, "Google Mad Men & click images. That should be your style."
Among best special effects I've ever seen, awesome action moments, charismatic villain, great laughs. Have your pulse checked.
Watching bad girls club :-)
Steffi comes to.town today!
also, im completely okay with this being a spoiler, that guy in the cloak, that's Meryl isn't it?
I get it lady. You spent 10 years in Africa. Maybe you should announce it to the whole cafe a few more times though just in case.
that was a fascinating note-to-self :)
thanks so much for the follow...if you are in the market for a new mattress or new furniture please keep us in mind!!!
I Love this quote: “You can have everything in life you want…if you will just help other people get what they want” ~ Zig Zigler
hell no
Love my friends.
Thanks do following. :) Nice description.
Choosing between El Camino and High Violet vinyl was such a hard choice. I'll be back for you someday, High Violet.
The redwood trees are in NoCal.
: life is a big bicycle. Some of us are pedalling and some are dragging their feet
At tap, dinner after with marisa (:
"U will stop saying the devil made me do it when you realize Satan at his best can still only operate within the parenthesis of God's so ...
Are the people on CharlotteToday really having a conversation on mini cupcake holders?
Playing with for #dataviz. There's a lot to love, and it's all
Glad I'm not the only one who feels that way.
I was greeting one of my friends so sweetly. I was all like: Hey loser and then they were all like: hey shit head
these "pass it on" commercials during the tigers game are ridiculously annoying.
What could make today better for you? How do you make the jump from good to great?
FireSign customers, we are experiencing an unexpected disruption in our hosting service. Please stand by.
Growing boy.
#Easter is coming! Is there a rock n front of yo tomb? We all could use a #resurrection of some kind
pit bulls and parolees man dudes did hard time now doing hard work
Dream big. Sing loud. Laugh often. Feel everything. Judge less. Care more. Listen intently. Smile with your eyes. Fantasize. Dance around.
So true MT Every time a #museum publishes content only in print form, it is fundmt undermining its mission in a digital culture
is he makin a music video or doing a photo shoot?
So true RT Dear people who pack things: Packing peanuts are obnoxious & messy. Please stop. XO Jacq
why you aint come scoop me up
Happy Valentine's Day!!!!! What are you and your Sweetheart doing today?
Hi Alan, Looks like order placed on the 25th did not ship. Asking for order to be replaced. Will keep you posted. Thanks, LM
have fun:) where you dancing?? BDC?
We're super excited too. Will try to send you some pics, great idea!
ikk D: I already yelled at BobbieJo. And ofcourse thre talking about it on the radio right now. SOMEONE KHADAFI ME
"Slag" is such a fun word, isn't it ?
Look i was tired and trying to sleep~_~
and to be clear, I'm pro-lunar catsuit, so long as those sartorial standards are applied equitably
hey I'm currently laying across my kitchen table..
This guy on CNN made a good point. Do we wanna be "sexual rednecks"?
I think you should make a spontaneous trip to San Diego. It's only a couple hours away from Los Angeles! Please?
I love you more and I can't wait mi amor!(:
#youknowyouhungrywhen you constantly say "im hungry"
Oh my. That's my idea of a nightmare!
Casey, while reading a list of fictional INFP personalities: "ET! ET isn't even a people!"
i think your so pretty i wish you would follow me
im sayinn they trynna include you in the masses and ishh. if it says your name then maybe reply lol
Well we've wandered off by now. Further proof that you do not exist
They should have gave Rose CJ Watson's ACL !!!!!
I would always sleep on my stomach.... then i grew boobs
Perhaps. He's also a much better player.
Thanks for the follow !
Why is Aaron Hill not on third base right now? Had more than plenty of time to get there. Could've walked from second to third and made it
& yes, i somewhat saw in my dream your address to where you live & that you were my cousins :l NO JOKE. but, it was a dream.
haha that is funny! :) *giggles*
thanks sir, spread the word! see ya soon.
Comment your twitter name for a S/O , but you gotta follow me (:
Great job on CSI! Though I didn't expect or want you to die at the end!
Caramel Frappé “: A #McCafe Mocha Frappé, Caramel Frappé or an Iced Coffee –which is your favorite way to chill with flavor?”
hell yeah i been slakcin
cant see you cus the money in the way
I'll be yer friend may 7th when I come home <U+0001F601>
Testing it out right now. I'll let you know how it goes.
Let's run away and don't ever look back.
haha i admit! way better ;)
lucky u
22% of precincts reporting in Mississippi. 58% voting NO on personhood amendment.
damn . about to leave this damn house & get blitttteddd ! fuck man <3.<3 inhale the good shit . exhale the bullshit !!
I appreciate the follow-up.Things fall into the pile sometimes. I will dig out that email and see if I can make it. Thanks.
Blah blah blah blah.. blah blah.. blah blah blah blah...
Friday we will be at Habitat for Humanity by Warm Springs and Tamarus. 215 Exit Warm Springs, west, right on Tamarus. End of street.
...wonder what parallel to public health field there is in teaching/education?
Inspired by your gimmebar page. I'll share progress if I get anywhere. You're welcome to join, , 8pm.
Things I didn't expect to acquire today: directions to create the Supreme Court building out of cardboard. Useful .. ?
I feel like Malbec is a better comparison for Carmenere...lapsed Bordeaux grapes finding new life in SA
Thanks. RT : Wonk will work, Great job!
#Trivia Monday starts at 8pm. Let’s test your skills now: Who was the only team to score more than 100 points in an NCAA championship game?
Broke out the Christina agulaira and had Ezele's and became obese.
- my bunny is famous!
hey I need to talk to you
In Philly listening to #freedomfriday with my cuz on the #SHMS . Come on somebody...
green lady?!
giving testimony #Annapolis statehouse for HB457 #transportation #job training bill
still not working, nah is it a good match or what?
Due to last nights success , I don't have inventory to open the shop today. Haha. Sorry for the inconvenience.
WHATZZZ UP Big Mo! #FF to u and yo homies and all that other 13th on Friday b.s blah blah. U good bro?!
Solution to sorring gas prices? Don't buy gas, for a month. Simple supply and demand.
#LMSunSIG how can use data to determine what makes a successful student
Today in Invention History: Issac Hodgson received patent in 1869 for the roller skate.
I followed you! Follow back?? <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
Omg I still can't change dis stupid thing ah... I'm so fustrated
we shall do this again sometimes
Another case, my girlfriend and I went to see your show but we went into the SHOWROOM. What a wonderful surprise.
Sounds brilliant.
Not who I would've drafted, but In Holmgren We Trust. I have faith in the Schwartz.
Burn lots of calories, eat lots of egg whites. Good way to start the New Year!
RT And thank you to all of you who have already followed me on :)
I'm so happy I could cry...... Haha
Why is NY always destroyed in movies?! <U+0001F5FD><U+2708><U+2764>
Good morning ! :D
Not all submissions are submissive.
Now off to #SanFrancisco to explore the city and go hiking with Brian and Laura
My man Stewie. Whats up bro?
It's literally 80 degrees and sunny in LA right now. Man I love this city.
o! Jealous.
Once in a while a good band puts out an "eh" album. Happens. All-time fave song? (I always quiz people this way, LOL).
Also Thanks for doing this contest and all of the others you have held.
US Full Tilt players have filed a class action lawsuit against just about anyone they could think of associated with Full Tilt.
Shopping with my mom.
listening to richard lawson right now on blogtalkradio!
We r in Pre-Produxion on a Compton Based Hood Movie out here in Kali n wud 4 u 2 a part of it, 4low me 4 mo details.
hahaha with who your right hand xD and i am too but a girl
Eating ice cream cake
Little guy is out of surgery. Tonsils and adenoids have been removed.
Shelly goofy azz stay in folks face so they won't put her on the block. Tell me why am I watching BBafterdark right now?
Eagles come in all shapes and sizes, but you will recognize them chiefly by their attitudes.
RT : As of yesterday morning, #kinneret stood at 211.32 meters below sea level. That's above the lower red line. Most since '07.
truth. Might be idk. If not i gota website w every episode. Check hbo on demand too
I'm Closer Where I started, I'm Chasing after you. Standing here until You Make Me Move Just hanging by a Moment here with you.
NIGGA OVA HERE ACTIN LIKE A BITCH BUT I AINT GONE SAY NO NAMES
#sourcefest Abel Lopez says he feels there's not a lot of work being written about DC.
nothing's changed. Just getting used to the new schedule
LAST MINUTE CANCELLATION! Blue Magic just came available for tonight! Call to schedule OKC favorite Party Bus at a discounted rate! 447-2446
Morn fam!! Be blessed today!! RT : good morning to you have a great day
That was a yesterday's tweet.... :)
Great picture!!
here's to not giving up first place for the remainder of the season
Let's go have that wreckless love, that crazy love, that off the wall won't stop till I get enough kinda love.
Boy, you are NOT a fan of that show. You don't even have to attach a
Check out this young toy entrepreneur!!! Never mind he is 16 years old!!!!
Man, without I'd be wearing a shirt with a flaming eagle on it to opening day.
#LMT is "longest movie title," something I just made up for no reason. Now you try. Don't forget to hashtag your entries.
you are very welcome! :)
Weather got you snowed in here in ABQ? Call us @ 505-296-4852 & ask for the "Twitter" rate special. And remember - we have Sadie's here now!
Twitter won't let me follow anyone bac sorry
I miss the days when Shannan would bring in a FA and not let them leave until they signed with the Broncos...
This lady was cleaning my balls, stopped, reached into her purse, pulled out a butterfinger and ate it.
DYK? Phi Beta Sigma's Bigger and Better Business a program promotes minority owned business ventures. ...Happy Founders Day
RT : last thirsty thursday with the portland beavers ever.
you looked at me & i was done.
Watching some NBA playoff basketball on this bubba kush
OMG! pringles and hummus! I'm in tasty heaven :)
Heading to the West Virginia State capital
couldn't agree more Ohio State is the Real Deal!!
Me too! RT helps when I hear talking ;)
Touchdown nyc!!!landed jfk welcome home to myself!!!
get 'em Bean!!!
Justin:BELIEVE TICKETS ARE GOING ON SALE Me:AHH Justin:SOON me:DAMMIT
what are the odds Zidane head butts entire French team after world cup?
Thanks everyone who came out to Nectar last night. It was a BLAST!
and then I send like 20 tweets a minutes and lose a follower... lol awkward
#cheapgas #Escondido $4.07 at Broadway & Mission AM/PM per George Chamberlin
Is beyond annoyed.
What set 5Linx apart, I don't have to sell you something you are NOT already using...Internet, TV, Phone, it is just to easy
Lmfao I'm cooler than her
Keep going...it'll payoff in the future!
send the chiefs some luck sunday
Corny feels loved. Thanks for following him!
I checked out SATTDOWN the other day and got my grub on. Let me know when we're rolling
loves you more than anything you mean so much to her <U+2764> you guys would be a cute couple!(:
Anyone else think Deshaun Thomas looks like Marcus Landry?
#herworld congratulations. The book and shaun;s message are so great. Thanks for attending
get the "blue hell" shirt!!
My dad refuses to give me money for my fines<U+0001F621>
RT : Good post by on how the new Java sploit rolled into Blkhole exploit pack is being used w/spam camp bit.ly/rYObkW
Just what we need, another senior advisor to fix our broken city
lol u mispelled danler RT : S/o to my bros ..we livin life in a good way.. .. M ..
we could even start a new hashtag for him:
Thanks Rich. Did you love the Simon article?
Needs Followers! Gett at me ! Leeggooo!
totally cool, I know!!!
don't lose your mojo! We rooting for you Kel can't wait to hear what you cooking up!
Also sidetracked by Karen Carpenter Wikipedia page.
KXAN's : "I'm hungry for stories."
let's go right now!! :) lol
I think I knew that. :)
desire to finish school, become a millionaire, travel the world, or to save the lives of millions, if you have passion, you will succeed!
So has Huff Post officially become a "Cathy" cartoon? To wit, this Tweet: "Swimsuit shopping doesn't have to be so scary." I feel...
wat do u think....
Sharing a bed with my cat and brother's puppy? Yes... This is a happiness I can handle.
Yay, Friday. This did not feel like a 4-day week... I wish I could underline that
Gonna re-up on this thing. Got a movie to promote. Premieres in 8 days @ opening night SXSW. You should go see it! (J/K its totes sold out!)
my speech is a thing of beauty. I think I might cry when I'm up there though...
just wanted to tell you that you're a bad mamajama!! Keep pushing play!
I just witnessed someone mix diet coke and Sanagria..... omg like how to drink.
I give it 1 more year before it's gone. :) I say this as a non-user, though!
A winner of the Ducati has been chosen from ! Check your inbox (spam too!), you may be the winner! Will announce once confirmed!
The Facebook engagement on April 1
Ethics violations? RT : Yes, past performance does indicate future results. I will change Washington not manage the decay.
GM! Did you start shooting Jism 2?
Spending the weekend in #MKE - any suggestions on activities? Thinking a game - maybe hit up the museum.
yup - both.
Mountain Dew! It's how I start my mornings :)
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 11
- Thanks Tony! And congratulations to you too! Great news all around.
how am I 22? how?! it's not possible. where does time go?
Yay hooray! Thank you!
It's National #SalvationArmy Week! You're helping save lives by shopping at your local family thrift store. Good items at great deals!
I Am Happy !
Hello and thanks for your RT.
: You look better when you're being you
Season 4 of the Wire was my favorite.
will you come to Hong Kong?Hong Kong selenators will wait for you!!!
ik did u listen
“: If a DJ does play your song you damn well better dance to it and that is the Gospel”
How old is he?
"Man" in Court today screaming at a clerk that he shouldn't have to be there on account of a toothache.
I have been to the falls and I love it :)
New Jersey (South)- need females to model swimsuits and lingerie. No nudity. Pay is 50 dollars/hr (Casting Code B3)
Best seats in the house for #once. First row!!
in 1 word describe you experience on true blood.
Came this close to wishing I had a TV.
Jericho is back!
Good night.
#Pioneers regain the lead 10-7 over the
what is a twit ref?
Survival expert Bear Grylls' son proved he's following in the TV adventurer's footsteps after rescuing a friend who fell into a river.
Ever owned a pair of ? No? Come by Jeantherapy this afternoon and try a pair - we promise it's life changing!
this is a short horror film we are working on. :)
#emschi Last day! is making it count. Great info about tracking people at
we got mrs oakes but nevermind...
My hats off to "Kick Ass" Kicking Horse Coffee. The best cup I've had for a very long time. Thx for my moment of bliss.
Casper puttin' the team on his back... Attacking the rim & it's #LBSU 57-57 UNM with 5:40 to go.
Will do!
#survey New survey shows how far the owners Will Go for their pets
Bruce Winter killed it again last night on At Night...Tunes so good I made a donation to Milwaukee Public Radio today
Hi Trevor - Thanks for the follow! I'm following back, I look forward to your tweets!
when you tweet about shazam it makes me think of my days playing magician as a kid and waving my wand and shouting Shazam!
ITNS - .071 to $3? Simply evaluating to understand if it's buildup or the real thing.
She kissed the Russian Starfire?
Avengers was hard in the paint!
AWESOME I Love And Hate Crying At Sad Movies
Monday morning soundtrack - Miles Davis "Live-Evil." Bring it!!
CD, some of have older cars with broken electric drives so we can't play an ipod, just CDs.. and I want to blast your cool jams
SWAG SWAG SWAG ON U
I have to laugh - of *course* you've done this before. My dreams can't even outdo the kitchen!
presenting tomorrow at 10am Room W206A playful literacy activities
#ripple about to present at
We had a boat captain in my #pathfinder game named Jared, he had overlarge pants and told people to eat meat between bread.
A woman asked me while I was carrying a camera at the track meet I was shooting, "do u work for the news or ru just a really dedicated dad?"
I lost a follower, which is a huge percentage. Am I that offensive? Jeez!
What... It's horrible lol. At least I thought it was :). But other than that the Split rocks!
Just tapped, Demolition Ale (replaces IPA)
oh sshhhhtaaaap it!
Lol>>A dick has a sad life: His hair is a mess, his family is nuts,his neighbor's an asshole,his bestfriend's a pussy & his owner beats him.
A double murder suspect busted at the Canadian border is now back in the Bay State
- even non-profit digital publishing of #orphanworks by libraries can interfere w/authors' digital self-pub of e.g.
The Museum will be closed on Friday 6th and Saturday 7th April 2012.
still loading
you're killing it on Wendy's show!
It's our pleasure. There's no better work than helping kids realize their dreams!
What is your favorite way to get exercise?
oh hay girl ;)
Eric Christensen is doing the sport on ch. 4 tonight. New?
You sure will. As long as you make the flight.
My prediction: Flash is the future IE6. I'm just saying.
Not sure I've ever been so depressed by an Arsenal loss as this one. And I live in Texas, so the scenery isn't any help.
I WANT TO ADD YOU ON FACEBOOK: Add me Brittany Nicole Loveland
hahahahah the real compliment would be being called "Senator Amidala" cause like seriously? That shits legit
Im not gonna fight for you sorry.
YOUR STILL TRENDING!!!!!!!!! longest trend ever<3 (;
working that African Workout today - Tribal Energy Cardio
Looking for a reason to go out tonight, here's two. BOGO K9 cruiser and Brawler Pale Ale pints from 9-close!!
She ain't real
Its here in Fells Point.
Ha, I like that. Could be a goldmine.
#DrydenSocial was incredible! One of the best tweetups, by far! :)
My grandma just said that cake is her favorite song, so I go and tell her you know that's about sex and she looked at me like this O_O lmaoo
Jesus christ Lebron. What the fuck are you doin?
Given the lukewarm reluctant endorsement by former GOP candidates, I think #Romney will get a shock in November.
I was sneezing earlier, I popped a vitamin C..
even the fucking horse in WarHorse pulls a "Spielberg face"
What does romney have that isso impressive? Make up? Arrogant weak fake smile? Lines of BS=how smart he is? Magic tablets? Idiot media help?
happy thanksgiving! hope u pass it amazingly! remeber all ur #koaladancebots r extremly thankful for having u in our hearts!
I know it is Saturday but we should not give up on out fitness goals. I am fitting in my slim in 6 workout before I go hangout at with...
Easy like Sunday morning
shut up! Haaha jk but get a pic of him!
Make plans now to cheer on the #Brewers at #MillerPark. $500 for up to 8 people. Let us take you out to the ballgame. Call 608-764-2917.
Glad to meet you!!! Happy holidays! :-)
Huh. Encyclopedia Britannica is discontinuing their print edition. Not surprising, but still shocking.
Nice to meet you! Interesting posts!!
Hair in the City is moving...moving...moving! Stay tuned for more details. Ph# stays the same: 690.0252 www.hairinthecity.me
Out here in Sacramento Valley "See'n what I can pull" Got major fire allways lit. Hope I dont the kicked out the club tonite
Jessica is still on. She doesn't have the same problems with it that I do because she's a rational person.
RT “: me & my baby I can eat a peach for hours
thanks all brief visit tonight #momeochat have fun!
Post Edited: What to Charge Your First Client
So I've decided to go visit #Hawaii and for my birthday this year!!
#IveAlwaysWantedTo know you love me. Not have these confused feelings. I want to just know.
The theatre dance instructor owns her own studio down the street and my friend Cami just instructed her first class there today!
Mr. Tim Gunn! Can't wait to see his thoughtful critiques.
I could never forget about you hun! I will come down this upcoming week. We can update each other on everything. And I te ...
pubsubhubhub would be a great component; no sense re-inventing the wheel, and lets #pubmedia use existing tools as normal.
Man I miss this weather out here
Dear Life, I have a complete grasp on the fact that you are not fair... so please quit teaching me that lesson.
damn right!
FINALLY GOT A SUIT!
We like big eggs and we cannot lie.
About to see if I can sew or not! #womanswork!
and yeah: i'm still at work: WA!
Perfect hulk reference.
Chocolate Chip muffins rule
It's a good feeling waking knowing ain't no fear in your heart
Dancing to P!nk in my underwear! Woohoo!
@ don't forget to DM us your address today for your FREE tshirt
slick road conditions on WB I-80/94 at Torrence Avenue.
I could be crazy but, the word "customer" bothers me. Thoughts?
You are a former tax attorney - can you tell me what a statute staple is in today's tax law, and where it came from?
If 24hr Fitness was smart, they'd open barbecue restaurants at the exit.
Get ready for a day of crazy.
We still are. He's with me every day. If I only knew then... :)
I think college is the new mid-life crisis. No one can afford a sportscar anymore!
Really, AMC? The Killing is a total Twin Peaks rip-off. Pretty girl dead, Pacific NW, violent fathers, obsessed detective, now a casino too?
Medium. I'm 5'8" but it might be gone by 8pm
his last name is ford, so he will attempt and then break down half way. Or catch fire for a recalled part
So proud of my sister
Its Greener on this side no need 2 Rake :)
Mitt completely leaves out Health Care when discussing his Massachusetts resume. Wonder why?
Twitter may crash
Are you IN? If not, go to barackobama.com right now and join!
one powerful doc down (Close Ties) three more projects to tackle in the next two weeks...no sleep til Urbanword
wonders what a pre-amp is needed for, but ultimately who cares?test ifttt
The biggest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
So thats how it gunna be. :/
Let the #leftovers begin!
there was nothing I could do to make a drastic improvement so I just accepted it and focused on what to work on for next year..
So-called journalist sites unfair MD law as though it were an academic journal
"Love is old, Love is new, Love is all, Love is you"
Hi fellow writer from Denver. Love your graphic! You seem to have great comedic skills.
I am extremely freaked out right now
It's true that money isn't everything — as long as you have enuff. If not, that's all there is
Off Work !
Missed two of 's calls, answered 's. He prob thinks I hate him.
What? You're not following us on Google+ yet? Don't miss out, we've got lots of great reads for you, like Google Glasses!...
Not your best work.
Congrats! RT : At the Pfister Hotel accepting #PRSA Paragon Awards for - Great job team!
feelin lonely cuz he's not hear wit mhe.....cnt wait till he gets bakk.....
let me know what happens! :0
I wonder how many people will be watching #CGIU at #GWU in DC tonight. It could be fascinating & provide more reasons for optimism.
San Diego has a lot of great things to offer in the way of unique artists! Be sure to support your local artists!
My god it is a beautiful day in
RT : Point State Park Sat 11AM-6PM Venture Outdoors Festival presented by Highmark. FREE kayaking, biking, climbing & yoga
Organic link traffic 80% - Paid traffic 20% - (PPC top ranking for a month is worth the same then SEO for a year but it needs 3 to 6 months)
bring me some?
my pleasure. My one and only Twitter list.
liked and retweeted.
Wed, Jan. 25 145pm Liverpool vs Man City – carling cup 300pm Barcelona vs Real Madrid - El Clasico 800pm Panama vs USA – friendly
Canada is taking over ! !
My boyfriend said we can't hang out this weekend because he doesn't exist.
Curious then who you are against and why.
Thankful for another work day!
You must be still drunk from the wine, if you think that on the last day of registration, and it is just you and me from 6-10
Seriously ? U suspend again?
Gorgeous out today forreal but some of you hoes is not
It's wierd being a girlfriend again! But I like it!
Do you think you will be as strong as ever at Indy this year, you've been great the past couple years
it was great meeting you. I will send my pictures soon. That's the problem of not having data access while traveling.
How to embed a YouTube video into OpenScholar: Turn off Rich text formatting +use the old YouTube embed code(object not the iframes code).
Accessibility is not a solo act. Build a team, says
Yup. Melvin said Gamel will get his chance to win job outright RT In part, it's because Green hits LH like Gamel.
Today is my Sisters Birthday. She would have been 41. Happy Birthday Tracie! Blow out the stars on your cloud cake tonight.
“: Tonight I'm recanting everything bad I've ever said about Jennings. Kids a stud. #Bucks #Iwaswrong” #Iwaswrong too
YouTube Users: Has anyone had success adding a banner to your page using the new youtube layout without being a content partner? Thanks!
Irony is: no one wants the Blue Line and that's all that's available.
I'm not "emo", "goth", "rocker" or whatever. I'm just Ashley.
Left work, saw the sun. Phew.
SINGLE. FUCK OFF.
#iplspring Amicus brief in Louboutin case filed by: INTA (for Louboutin); professors (for affirm'g); Tiffany (rejecting "fashion exception")
throwing on some makeup then going to work..
Unboxing my new
ur followed love... :)
Thought did well to get Brandon Marshall for $17 in our mock auction draft today —big-time value.
If you're a graduate of please tweet them 140 characters of how you've benefited from your education.
That's officially the worst cup of coffee I've ever drank!
#2012c19 Peter Coviello: we're actually not normal, we're HYPERNORMAL!
Twilight isn't fucking real. Idiots.
Bitches unfollowing me.
Got a descent grade in math.
RT : Heads up Prince Eric, Aladdin, Peter Pan & other Disney leading men. If Roethlisberger wins he's coming for your ladies
RT : :very foggy in Plymouth. I was hoping to see supermoon before bed!-------nope, sorry...fog wins 2nite. better chance 2mrw
just had an on-camera acting workshop with Fawnda McMahan... she rocks!
combined 2 wins for both LA teams? Over/under
It's chilly outside! With a Rec membership you have access to the pool, fitness classes, open gym, & weight room.
phone caller wanted list of public computer classes. they're only being offered downtown because i'm the only one putting them together.
yeah tony here
What do Alpine, San Bernardino, Imperial, San Joaquin, Glenn & Kings counties havein common w San Diego County culturally? alturl.com/n4b6d
Your boring ballet flats disappoint me. Part of being a member of #lilacpantsuit is always be stylish
Your Amaaazinng! Love You :)
Alright #Barves bring in the relief squad. Maybe Otis Nixon could throw a few.
Any fool can criticize, condemn and complain and most fools do. Benjamin Franklin
We are addicted to this show!
Poorly chosen, but still intentional.
lmfao yezzz my fingers to work like that ! Sure I don't promise anything
Gracias <U+270A> lol RT : a las nueve y media ---&gt; “: What time is the Laker game tonight ?”
Know what you should do? Change your 4square names to your twitter handle. You'll get a tweet every time someone checks in!
I hate when people try to touch my face...
Tip 2: Refinement - Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
I'll win this race one day
it's because I pressed "loop".
of ourse i remember u cant forget a short girl like u jaja jk
#ad2dc The polar bears were not a hit. Unimaginative and uninspired
Thanks to for the mention. Love to hear what you think about the show!
Now who's the one that doesn't wanna hang lol?
Love to watch on , but there is no way I'm turning off Chris' programming is WAY more relevant.
can it just be saturday already!?
Just finished watching the smurf movie. I smurfed it.
yea I do read my tweets nigga
because it was an improv field trip....
Someone is confident in Jack, I hope you're right, good luck! RT: 617
yes i will. its not fair.
Enchilada sauce with a fusion of #Cuban and #Creole flavors, way better than your average red sauce from Tonita's Kitchen...
Giuliana and Bill >>>
Thanks for voting for us - you rock!
No more drinks if I get tired of wine. I'll drink water.
Hola =D We should start a book exchange ...
Scanner Monitor: Burglary Suspect being chased by police on foot headed to a business park. Vicinity of Bellview and Quebec.
that's very true.
Watching Grimm with Viggle Fri | 20 | NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
LOL beezys hahaha“: I just saw a chick sprinting in stilletos. Say what you want about LA girls, but these beezys are talented.”
thanks,, I appreciate it. I will keep you in mind. Yer still a great friend xoxoxo
Storytelling keynote & breakout with Andy Goodman, fantastic!
It doesn't get any better than this, folks. Well, maybe.
Owens. Redemption?
Agenda for the day: track down the 10 Retros, watch #RealMadrid and my #Heat win...hit up On The Mat for some new shirts!
You mentioned that your Dad's side of the family has members stationed there? Would they be willing to do a phone intv?
Rise n Grind! I luv gettin up wit the birds , dats where I just can relax my mind n meditate. Long day today.. Tonite SuperStar Saturdays!!!
Rise and grind!!! its finally here, SKIN IS IN FASHION SHOW! come see my black label formal swimwear collection!!!
I'm speechless. They actually calls the Celtics for one of those moving picks???
that awkward moment when one direction comes on in the car and your mom starts singing
sick at my stomach looking at this news coverage... please pray for all those effected by today's weather and the rescue teams.
Dead sleepy :(
A cop just gave me $5. I took it. Today is weird but awesome.
140 trees cry. RT : If a brand tweets in the woods ...
3/8 "via Keynesian-style deficit outlays for ballooning defense budgets and a 1982 tax increase--measures that would make"
Michael Choice failed to make the cut, is it adjustment period or his tool isn't at the same level?
If this holds up, there's no doubt//RT : Dicky V's on board. Who's next? RT : Did someone say LSU vs Oklahoma St?
looking forward to seeing you at the Youk's Kids event tonight!
Hell yea those were dope LOL RT : #BackWhenIWasAKid I like playing my Sega Game Gear
trading down works if you know how to properly use the draft picks. I'm just not sold on a RB at 4 today's day and age
ANY AGENTS OUT THERE LOOKING FOR IDENTICAL TWINS- WELL LOOK NO FURTHER CAUSE WE ARE RIGHT HERE. Looking for a new agent
Looking forward to #Geekingout reading the new #JobsAct. Will post some thoughts over the week...
She ratchet!
Lotus project now has full working windscreen wipers - only took 7 hrs to modify & fit - even had the wiper motor working - Unbelievable
might need to take Mizzou over Marquette, with Iona in the picture!
her man would not like that at all
That's my neighborhood bar. Actually a pretty cool little dive. Intersting crowd. Free shots when cops have sirens blaring.
Love the new Target ad for Coleman air mattress. And the spring green velvet headboard. Watch! Cute.
LASIK pre-op appointment. In less than a week my glasses will go bye-bye.
OMG OK...just got through the "room" and she signed the papers!! And he ya know *wink* with her lol
Oh iPhone virtual keyboard, how thou dost sucketh in thy name of elegance. How thou dost tryeth my patience.
Very pretty in that avi of yours
Will be reading books by (R Isleib) 10 new books!
#OreoPinata It's a beautiful day in Dallas!
Thanks for the RT :)
Cool stuff; loving being on your Mailing List! You're awesome! :)
#BOYFRIENDvideo IS AMAZING GO AND LOOK THE VIEWS WOW!!!!!! :)
"Everybody gets so much information all day long that they lose their common sense." Good Weekend to ya! Voodoo
I'm so fucking lame. Watching the Hannah Montana movie. Lolololol.
Ghost rider proved that twinkies don't go bad. Lol
uk we can wear boots
...Rickie Weeks has more walks than hits so far this season. Bottom line: the offense is obviously better than these early stats...
rings of war?
LOL I recently played my VHS tape of Being John Malkovich and I forgot that you had a part in that movie-- FUN!!
Waiting for the UPS man. Best kind of waiting! But also the most intense.
Beta's offering 20% off to all active, reserve and veteran military personnel in honor of ! Stop in tonight through Friday.
Today I Love me.
glad you think so too Rose Marie. :) it's good to have someone else's opinion besides my own. :)
please please please tweet me back it would make my night your amazing and adorable so please notice me <33333
Thanks for the RTs and favorites!
RIP Jonathan Frid. For decades I dreamed of casting him in something. I look forward to his appearnace in Burton's DARK SHADOWS.
Also, Giacchino's closing theme for Cloverfield was great. Too bad the other 90 minutes of movie sucked
Was that the winning entry? Not that I really care either way...
cant wait! We just need to find everyone IDs
for sure! His stuff is always too new for the club when I play it but months later they love it. Haha.
"What's the difference between a sigh, a car and a monkey? A sigh is oh, dear. A car is too dear. A monkey is you, dear."
yes, calling the 800-266-2278 number is best way to order
your the best
I want to bocce too
let's hope didn't get fired!
Good luck to my big sister I have my fingers crossed for you <33 :))
Did you fill it up with porn?
Happy #FollowFriday to ...and thank you for the follow!
all for US. Dont forget that.
- The contact is - They are distributing through Beechwood I believe and will be based out of Brookfield?
Major Melvin Russell was our speaker today. What an inspiration! We hope you will join us sometime too.
Local anesthetic. Insensitive. See what I could've done there.
For donations brought to StreetFood Asia for the Hunter family, you'll get a complimentary small plate (up to $10 value)...
I'm not depressed I'm just mad nervous and sad at the same time some fucked up shit
#YouKnowLifeIsGreatWhen... you were being assigned to midway island and you were in the safest part of Hawaii.
: If I am approved to write release about it or do an interview, I am approved for SM. <--Regrettably rare.
Wouldn't be so objectionable if folk realized that some spaces ARE still PUBLIC. i.e.Theatre performances.
I look forward to a day like today when my adopted african son Reginald Jamal Amick will be committing on ESPN
I kinda like clean cut Volkening or Repik.
he knows I love him but gurl he knows some of the shit that comes out of his mouth is like "HUH"!?!
Watching Celebrity Apprentice . is a class act.
Thomas just asked if Jesus looked like a zombie.
I have the perfect song for you, the lyrics and arrangement are Ridiculous!!!
yeah, I can't sneak out then + have eye Dr appointment later.
The Reform-y Hillbillies?
Weather does seem a bit confused this morning. :) RT : Hmm.. weird weather this morning..
You deserve it! See you guys in Chi-town this June! Can't wait.
looked past by most, looked down on by all.
#saa11 is the "official" tag. But use both if you want to reach everyone
have a nice day. honestly, i have nothing against you. you're just talking about stuff that no one should talk about. its over
Finally looks and feels like #Winter in #Ohio. Are you excited or sad about this?
that's my fave movie
I'm doing great, how are you? Hope you have a nice weekend coming up. :)
It’s a subscription based service. Opt 1) Subscribe, 2) Find a friend who does, 3) Wait for the DVD.
If u look @ my songs chronologically u can tell I'm progressively training the listener's ear to hear/process sounds in a different way.
oi jay how does a snowman get to work? by icicle :) xx
Appearing live WOLB 1010am wolbbaltimore.com right now taking about preventing child abuse. Tune in or make a call 410481100 or 8777041010
Wishing I had extra cash to spend on
The wife and I are praying everyday for you and Mrs.Long. Love you both and see you soon. You both have POWER FOR SUCCESS!
love Sinatra though, used it a few times now, sweet spot of only worrying about the details I want to, no more no less
Most effective thing is to make the wiki Protected. Otherwise always report spam so we can remove it and block IPs.
That's alright, they'll be squatting and doing handstand drills before they detect the bait-and-switch.
2 hours of football with kids yesterday . . . and baseball today. Enjoying winter.
Last thing i want iz a boyfriend but it wouldn't hurt to have someone comfort me every now and then.
#JasonMraz "I wont give up"
I felt some gibbering terror when the journalist used "baited breath" instead of bated. Honestly people.
You're welcome :) nice to see another guy
I'm bummed the Pens are out but I can't stop watching.
This morning I woke to find it was payday. I made it through tax month with 1/3 of my regular budget! Time to buy sandwiches and games.
I'm so happy to have this job, but I do miss going to the library and stalking you :)
Yes - I get to channel Julia Child for a role!!
Dont wish to have an easy life, wish to be a stronger person
not at #cil2010 :(
Ikr! I Made That Picture!
I'll be doing that shit when I'm 40 <U+0001F60F>
Damn I mean what can I say scorpios are just sexual beings
.. wait sis .. where are you exactly?
Magritte's Golconda and Mark Stuart...well let your imagination go wild and see him perform
we gotta step it up!
For the moment, there is no access to old Jacket magazine contents (issues 1-40). We are working on the problem w/ the old domain. Sorry!
God is love<3
“: I can feel my lungs collapse on me.”
Today's Question: The name of which Pudding literally means Burnt Cream?
++ RT : Q6: getting thru an anti-social media person? Post lots of great stuff about Him / Her ;)
#thanks pa
Jamming some CCR and drinking by the pool!
We want excllnce yet we don't know what their best is, in any roll. So, 1st need 2 help everyone realize their BEST role!
#ThankYouThursday Thankful for new followers! to name a few... Looking forward to your #DoGood tweets
The #Pacers are a good young team. Bird has gone a great job putting this team together. Nice to see them competing hard vs. the
I'm still at school #help my mom really likes to talk
Maybe he'll make Courier's seniors tour more popular than the ATP...
The healing process is taking one step at a time
JR Smith really is something. Not often you see a player capable of doing so many dumb things in such a short span.
I hope you're feeling better.
The word "IMPERFECT" actually spells "I'M PERFECT." Because everyone is perfect in their own imperfect ways.
A2: Too much premium will come into play when those seats cannot be sold. Otherwise, build, build, build.... :)
Remember that night when became mad and threw his notebook?
So glad you came by!
Revolutionary Cleaning can disinfect every surface and material.
that's good 2 hear get as much education as u can now
I'm glad to see there's a natural pest control company so nearby! What a great service. Thanks for the follow! :)
Jus got home and i'm hungry, going straight to the cardboard
great. thanks for the nightmares...
I am continually amazed at the energy and sense of urgency puts into everything he does.
Jingle Bells by , in the same vein as that "Hello" video... We call them video ransom notes. :-)
jealously does not even begin to describe my feelings right now. Go Spurs Go!
Studios may be good for recording, but they're also PERFECT for naps.
Me n were keeping it in the family :)
If you need a example on how to live then you just should have not been born -Lil Wayne
Anybody seen any good hip-hop shows recently?
I have impressive musculature compared to most seven year olds.
Well, tonight sucks dick.
Ate my tasty salad way too fast
good morning :))
Great! Glad summer finally decided to show up - trying to take advantage of it.
are you going to make it to the grid this season?
Right now we're just knocking on GOP and Conservative Party doors. Going after indies and Reagan Dems starts on June 27th!
RT The righteous man walks in his integrity; His children are blessed after him. -Proverbs 20:7
You know what I hate? That red or what ever color bandanna hanging out of your back pocket.
keep up the amazing work. #FrozenPlanet is a masterpiece!
After a long day of snafus, twists, & turns, I think all of the bugs are worked out and "3 Christmas Wishes" is officially on sale...
nothin I did DM u cause u was suppose give me a good s/o cause u gave me a weak s/o but dnt worry bout it no more
May the fourth be with you!
BIG SEAN WAS DOPE TWITCHES
- Abel Thomas, please DM me ASAP regarding interview today
I have been really hard on the speakers. Not sure why, but somehow I'm in that mode right now. They still made me think hard.
lol indeed. But my paycheck hasn't gotten the memo yet lol
oh, I love classic rock! And I love that you share that adoration! Reverb snares, big hair, big guitar solos!
please follow me.....
THANKS for the RT!!
wow, kinda late to that geek parade eh?
Neither of the two Manchester sides have broken through yet, Newcastle concedes goal at Everton...
January Special! Enjoy 50% off w/ me until 1/28 at Call 414.988.4165 to book. Certain conditions apply.
Not wanting to help the kitchen clean, but your the first person to take family meal
#youknowbetter .. you should be following .. booyah!
Done! I wonder whether they will respond.
I never realized how hood Ginuwine's music is until i start listening to his pandora station
oh that sucks :(
Thanks for coming out to NOTworking continued!
Seriously! I'm tired of watching people walk in my sightline every pitch.
tonight my fun begins with a great dinner at veranda supperclub and staying there to rock out there with brazilian house til 4am;)
All u need is.... Love? No. Internet access is all I need
I haven't eaten since Tuesday... Ginger ale and water. :-/
Are you registered to vote? The last day to register before the April 17 school board elections is March 27th. OCCUPY THE VOTE!
Rev. Stewart - This is the most important legislation on immigration in our nation of our generation.
FYI I only read your blog every few days because then it's like getting an angry 20 pc nugget instead of 4.
Please be sure to check out the The are amazing and will blow your mind!
no comment
Ripping your eyeball out and mailing it to Helen Keller
There are a lot of fiddling school marms on stage right now.
Buffett May Unveil Heir Soon
i love the starbucks right next to my school!
"Don't ask yourself what the world needs. Ask yourself what makes you come alive, and go do that,...
I just want a white girl, that acts like a black girl, that dresses like a hispanic girl, and yeah...she has to be hot.
what news? Good news?
It's not my fault that i'm not 18. I am only a couple months away from it, and if I could I would turn 18 #RIGHTNOW if I was able to. =/
Thats what i say..
Just gotta hang in there
Todays workout: nothing
Good mornin Tweeps....Things to do today: 1.Dig a hole 2. Name it love 3. Watch people fall in love.
bologna! I dont see you!
Mica favors some TE activities but "time 2 get away from mandates" Rahall "tired of this program being used as whipping boy"
see you in LA!
Absolutely brilliant. Thanks. M
Does that mean your leg is feeling better? I hope so!
We've hosted hundreds. Always down for the cause. Hit us up @ 212-593-4321 Thanks!!!
feeling like crap zah is wit her dad giving me a chance to relax
woo! What size ? X
which one?
no, I wish was with us!
I would give Lucky One something around a D. Much like The Notebook, it drips with montages and melodrama.
i t can only be in 2 places cause I only sat down in 2 places today, but yellow shirts won't let me back in
when was the last time this occured...had to be the Whitey days with Willie and Ozzie
You can’t lose what you never had. You can’t keep what’s not yours. And you can’t hold on to something that doesn’t want to stay. #TLS"
Kirwan testimony is complete. Gov on deck.
I give my heart in a prayer and send it with love. <3
Great spinning w ! What a night.. Can't wait for the next time
That has turned into one of my favorite verses! :)
At the CO house show puppies will be provided.
I see Dick Cheney got a new heart. So does this mean GW Bush will get a new brain? Who gets courage?
made a solid start on some awesome recordings with a great guy yesterday~thanks austin
#BeautifulBoys. these are wonderful boys &i love everything thing about them. <U+2764><U+0001F44C>
Found a nice educational video to show area school children regarding dental health. February is National children's dental health month
RT House music is clutch. RT : Something about house/techno/dubstep music is making me feel better
Phone's back! thank you byron's beer garden for getting me blackout and babysitting my phone for a day... for free!!!
Junior Seau, un-fucking-believable, two others I REALLY fear as similar dead-pool candidates are Favre and Terrell Owens, praying I'm wrong.
2012 Pick Up Lines: "I have a full tank of gas." lol
Hello, how are you all ?
Sun is shining and I am ready for my interview at the !
RT i don't need drugs or alcohol to act like a complete fucking moron. just house music
Thanks for the follow Ben!
Music is life.
that dough kind of looks like a cookie to me.
Biggest gripe with Fallon: too g-rated, corny. Conan is best at absurd/awkward. Kimmel’s delightfully dark at times
"Allerent: Start preparing now for your addition of Google+ to your company social media marketing with #google+
indeed, but the Post article had the former
so, a nice splash of spicy pepper sauce?
umm...Suddenly I love the "Cat Daddy" dance. I wonder why
Phone with my boy and girl Bestfriend's <3
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! U
Piquero: We must invest in early childhood prevention efforts. Benefits far exceed their costs.
Your address is too big when it takes FOREVER to print. Just sayin'.
This I know Mark. Keep up the good work!
thanks, I guess that's one way to add to the Rapids fan base...
So true!
recommends using different platforms to reach different people. One she likes best right now? Tumblr.
It is so very bizarre to, not only be Facebook friends with your teachers from grade school, but to also watch then talk to each other.
People have cats, some have small dogs. I'm sure you could work something out.
RIP Don Cornelius
hahaha that could have been potentially awkward to whoever is on the receiving end of such a text
why do you have such poor customer service. High high high rates. Do something! Time to go completely to ???
I wanna make you feel wanted <U+0001F60A>
"Can I stay at your place? #NoHobo"
Technically, no, as long as you're on a public property.
RT : 1st ALA: All heels, all the time. 7th ALA: I wore slippers to the receptions.
Fml all u think about is
Good night my Tweets and FBs!!
newsflash to sociologists: #bourdieu and #foucault are not the only social theorists who exist
#Terps been T up for a lot less
Correction: My college roommate's #altack! career is wife to the heir of the fortune. Sorry for being such a noodle
2NIGHT'S SHOW IS GONNA BE SEXY! #8PM Come see , , , , , and more! $2 beers!
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please? [:
Change roles: change leader, change junkie, eager beaver, scribe, teacher/trainer.
thanks :3 but I'm afraid my bffs boyfriend likes me :/
On a train from AC to Philly then flying to Denver in time to register for day 1A of HPT Colorado tonight at 6.
I have a joke for that but it's really rude. Even for me.
Yeah...it was stressful. You know how High Strung I can get lol
people are smashing watermelons today.... Why?
Im referring to your pic but also what you say and do in general.
Referring to the #Roswell #UFO Festival RT "Last time we went there was a dog dyed green dressed as an alien."
Lunch date when better than expected! Now into a board meeting with the engineers.
The figure it out promo with BTR looks so funny. Omfg I want to watch it so bad
if 5 people RT that tweet we will :)
it feels as if I've been away frm for like a year : (
Contact me for help with a Facebook Fan Page...
Supporting starting this week all through to December to Walk for Water. Giving clean water & sanitation to those in need.
liked Maslow's hierarchy of tweets, but think the noble aspects of belonging moving to service/self-actualization were left out
Love what you saying here...I am a tru follower through attraction...Remembering the days of Honie Designs!
I hope so. He & Burton ruined DARK SHADOWS ... hope he won't ruin another tv classic!!
the ROSS report, I like it, I'm gonna steal that. Well in newest news I partied a little too hard at a robot themed party. You?
what did you get?
good luck! :)
Did Anthony Davis just spin RIGHT?
yes sir! call you later tonight bro.
LOL, literally just got back from Chi 10 mins ago!! #GetItInGirl!! RT : In chi town!!! Time to get silly!
Um yeah...that's one interpretation.
It's time to get your new Spring color! highlights $65, color $55. Call 702-823-4800
To tell you baby It's you and only you and no one else And I'll mean it Even when I'm talking to myself
Hello king sized bed!!!
I won't win this contest but I live tweeting you random isssh
Hahahah picking the pictures for shot book has proved quite humerous...
Thanks Kim!
Taking a nap before work!
Hey friends! We have a show November 12th at the drunken unicorn with baby baby! Be there! We want to see you all.
Should have checked your profile first, I see you're from KY too!
“: "I see you mamii"” shaking that thang <U+0001F609>
I'm used to lots of #bullies. Still, I don't like that.
6 days until I get to see and !! Chicago is ready to party!
Leaving your babies mother to take care of your seeds while you chase tail #storyofmychildhood but naw
I KNOW, RIGHT?!
me too haha
Hey boys do you think Ryan Grant ends up on an NFL Roster this year?
2011 date announced for InnoTech Austin. Join us on October 20th! What is your #1 "must-have" topic we should feature this year?
when your computer acts ( politically correct equivalent of " retarted " ) and you want to chuck that shit out the window -_________-
At for the Farmer's Market? Swing by Clerk's office to vote early. Don't need a reason, but need ID. Use Delaware St. door at CCB.
joining in with a +1 vote for evernote support!
Challenge: Say something nice about the Red Sox today.
I just got a post card in the mail making David look like a lost realtor! He is a true Hoosier and we are proud to support him! SWAG!
+!-|+. SATURDAYS ARE OF DA CHAIN AT CLUB MATRIX...$2 DRINKS...FREE PARKING..LADIES FREE BEFORE 11..--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Sadly no! I think I left it in my other purse. I obviously need to invest in a #tidetogo value pack.
Brewers make a 10+ comeback
Great Groupon deal. Get online with Groupon & buy $10 worth of Safari Cup Coffee drinks or food for $1. Only 95 minutes left!!
& i love how you remember i call her momma!!!
Congrats to on winning #TheVoice!!!!
Just restarted my computer for the fifth time. I should never have shut down last night. Sigh. (sorry mike)
Future: does expert matter? Does content matter? Long-term effect of "Wexis NextAdvance"?
“: Tough questions are being asked in Heaven today. RIP Mike Wallace”amazing career. No fluff necessary.
. is looking hot! Who is coming out!? Get out early we are going to be packed tonight!
Happy Birthday Dog!! Have a great day! I love my Panda Daddy and want him to know how sorry I am. I love you forever!!
Good looks Lala I'm so hyped up right now... lets celebrate in SoHo in a few weeks I know you're down
Deep conversations are the best.
Yes we are! RT : Thanks for the follow. Word on the street is you're coming to the BIG CITY
Twitter is getting gayer and gayer by the minute.
looking forward to that newberry interface. What a great service.
Tim Tebow reports that Morgan Freeman's voice does, in fact, sound like God's.
we are going to have so much fun :)
BREAKING NEWS - TRIVIA AT 10pm EST - check back in for question for chance to WIN band - RT & follow
Nope, how about yours? Does your job suck?
damn, retweetin' so much of your shit lately bro.
I didn't eat lunch because I forgot my money.Only 2 people knew. No one else deserved to know. They wouldn't shut up asking if I was hungry
thanks for following! You have such an interesting platform. Looking forward to connecting!
Richards made contact but Carlson kinda buttered the bread for the refs there.
A fossil is an extinct animal. The older it is, the more extinct it is.
Not liking the time change -___-
read them. Notice how none of our tweets have anything to do with that and supposably WE start the drama, lololol
they are. but only if you like me. otherwise, you're fired.
would you like to co own my account? I honestly don't go on that much and I need someone to run it interested?
Thanks! All the best to you as well.
"a performance by chris brown you won't want to miss"--so that you can curse at that *$%^#!
thank you very much
Budweiser commercial definitely set in Wisconsin. Nobody else gets that excited for beer.
Hi Anshul, Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
It's official. I just wasted an entire day by procrastinating. I'll reprimand myself tomorrow.
Is brooke not doing cheerleading anymore?
Your appearance was fab as always!
It is so fitting that i graduate on the 22nd
how does one look like they were mauled by a raccoon?
yay! Perfect weather for the wedding! “: Houston forecast: Breezy, beautiful weekend ahead: It is going to be a breezy, beautiful .."
I hate it when people try to fight me on my political views I am like like STFU
DC Protests: Cornel West Arrested During Supreme Court Demonstration
lmfao! I should have recored it
Whoever is in charge of choosing and buying the art books on display at has really good taste.
Download MyTalkTools Mobile Lite. Its free. See what you think. Comes with free subscription for authoring site.
Liking somebody is hard business! I am that person who is ready to get married after the first week of a crush.
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways r-e-s-p-e-c-t.
u need to bring electro back! where the music at!? :P send me trax !
ahahah yeah i remember. thats so gross...
Of course it's real... it's on the internet, isn't it? (Okay, so maybe it's fake.)
The Kinect sensor's microphone collection enables the Xbox 360 to conduct sound source localization and ambient noise suppression.
Yeah, if you can't get the ideal combo, I guess #Bengals getting a pair of defenders from nat'l champ #Alabama doesn't hurt.
Yeah, but 18 one year old kids having sex is creepy as well
what are you counting down to?
Hey you guys have spots for holiday blowouts and trims?? Who's in? The little jewel box salon is so cute!
Flight attendant took it, had no baggage tags, said "I'll write a note saying BWI". Not a good sign.
obvi. Find me when you get there!
Persistent infringement is also a cautionable offense - betcha see on video a number of fouls by a certain Chi player...
Have a safe & fun July 4th!
Thanks for all the follows everyone! As soon as we can follow more of you, we will! www.myhelpfullinks.info
I bet she looks great in business cas
its all about newt and newt only
Doe Is What I Got Lil Mama!!
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
Girls at bed bath and beyond were no help at all... Ugh
I want one where can I get it in Indianapolis?
Don't know when or where, but once again I made it home!! BIG!!
Lovebird's
nice voice sweetheart we should work together.
#Brewers should have miniature flashlight giveaway next time #Cardinals are in town
I don't it nothing wrong with being gay, or whatever your choice of words are but if you're gloing to wear womens clothes hide the nuts :-/
What's the deal with Fig Newton's? As in, what's the deal with how awesome they are
Thanks. Wish I had the green vinyl though.
I LOVE YOU
Skip is hilarious!
Thank you to Joe Squared and Lebanese Taverna for joining us at #ThinkBigBmore visit joesquared.com and Facebook.com/lebanesetaverna
A girl can kiss a guy, a bird can kiss a butterfly, the rising sun can kiss the grass but One Direction Haters, yes you, you can kiss my ass
Watching #DanceMoms I love this show!
So glad I found music all those years ago.
I get is cracking like a bad back
0% of Americans start info search at lib website, compared to 1% in 2005.
When you want them, they don't want you. When they want you, you don't want them. When you both want each other, something screws it up.
Hahhahahhhh I love Bill O'Reilly
me too! Thanks for checking out the film.
": she was with me last night losin at "baseball" :p" lmfao! This is true!
90 bus going to be over 20 min late per next bus. Why have a time scheduled on trip planner? Fucking idiots! All of you!
I am following you.
No one ever got rich and said "i did it by working 40 hours and sleeping 8 hours a night with naps".
Dark chocolate, honey, white chocolate, carmel, nutty... and those are just the types of women I ate the peanut butter with.
I Think Im About 2 Whoop Sum Aszx Today.,!
how was ur day and howdy u aint country
Thx for RT. Your website is down? Can't click it from your twitter profile
Rocky is getting the best of Apollo...What happened to Sugar Shane? Old man, old....smh
looking back on memories <
Hahaha the bus ride up here was crazy
get a fuckin rebound man.
Up bored watching a movie
it's a captioned photo!
Did you work with Mike Farah?
I'm may just scream if you tweet about NY again!!
I do, that's why I asked. The vintage oak phonograph cabinet, what stories did it sing?
Well, it's #orioles, so "realistic" is different for them from others. Duquette's on clock to make his mark.
I'm still alive but I'm barely breathing.
Patriots Draft Former Rugby Star Ohio State Special Teamer Nate- rugby
I still think she's a bitch
Thanks for a great conversation about bullying prevention.
Jeremy Lin has given hope to Knicks nation unlike anyone since Ewing. Crazy.
Thanks for your great coverage. You're a must-read on ICAO wranglings. Would love even more coverage on environmental issues.
Took me a while. Answer was Uranus...RT : yeah. just remembered i drew a butthole last night.
Tonight would be a great night not to be working til 9...I'd love to be out right now drinking
In the lab working... wat genious will today bring us....
You like to drink beer and i like to drink beer too
thanks for acknowledging me at Walmart today!!
96,595 - Number of pages printed by my desktop printer without anything more than general upkeep.
Pimco CEO Mohamed El-Erian now says we're "close to a full-blown banking crisis in Europe". Could mean he hasn't been paying attention.
Thanks! RT I loved your AR Cabinet of Curiosities!!
Can't sleep, gotta big day tomarow. Damn straight
Efficiency is now, more than ever, the key to data centers.
I heard there was a big storm over there! Hopefully it doesn't get too bad. By the way how have you been/how is Idaho?
Thinking of turning my garage into a gallery space. Cocktails and nibbly things served monthly.
Having a blast with Kammie, Rachel, Reagan, and Cameron! Can't wait to see the #HungerGames tomorrow!!
BeachConnection.net says very little lodging on the Oregon coast this 4th of July. A says road and air traffic both strong.
Wow you sure know how to wear a girl out! What a great day!!!
Selling anime of all-time, with the BD literally selling under 100 copies. Japanese otaku, you continue to surprise those who look at this.
(Anonymous) Begin to be now what you will be hereafter.
I was in Hamen for the day :( ... next time lunch and chats!
you are rediculous ...
You mean if Toby Jacobs was there.
Why don't the moderators ever challenge the accusations? How about asking Newt for facts to support his indignation?
I can't believe I've warmed up to Kim Z from RHoA-actually liking Don't be Tardy for the Wedding
RT Lord, let this church last 3 hours or less..... Communion Sunday and Palm Sunday could mean all day worship.
yea, we caught that too...was really looking forward to her performance too...
.. I wrote a song, it's called.."Shawnie and Tami is salty at Evelyn..Salty salty salty at Evelyn!!"
Enjoying #Starbucks while #reading #THEGAZE for a few minutes before I have to leave for work...so...hard...2...put..it...down
4 to 6 hr school dys, non-instructional after school programs adds to the problem as well.
I don't like the Minnesota Vikings, but it would hurt the if they left.
still can never defeat "Somebody left the gate open." which will never be better than "Pay the doctors boy."
Big Birthday Shout out to Meg Krulee..Someone very near and dear to my heart. Her love for me is unconditional and i will always cherish it.
#INHouse Rep. Morris has inspired me to buy more Girl Scout cookies. Maybe something with nuts?
Christmas is here give the hunter, fisherman, or the outdoor adventurer the PowerHotSpot, a continuous energy source for all their needs!
so, so far all Noesi has done is make me more eager for Hultzen, Paxton or Walker.
Ok guys still having computer worked on. I will be working on website later tonight hopefully and shipping calendar orders by morning
Hi Camilla tell her I'd stick up for any Hooligan or Panda. Love U
When you wait for a text but you realize you're the one that didn't reply.
I would like to be a whisky ninja. What is my initiation?
#IFIRULEDTHEWORLD I WOULD CHANGE THE SYSTEM BETTER HEALTH CARE N ALL.
Great day yesterday! Goal is to make today even better. A quick thank you to all educators in the world.
Sounds like fun! My eldest is graduating with a master's tomorrow. Looking forward to hanging out 2 after her busy semester.
Two cnc routers. One is pretty big and the other is pretty small. We also have a Makerbot.
Hi there! And how are you liking THE DARLINGS? Was just about to start that myself.
Metal roof special!!! 12% off all new metal roofs. Call Today 305-910-7388
2 cerebral and neurotic 2 b yr manic pixie dream girl, dudes. SORRY. I feel like I'm always selling the wrong thing.
I can most likely help you with that. You can contact me @ and let me know the quantities you need.
thank you! you too! :)
So you read it but you don't reply? OK I GUESS.
Silly Rabbi... Kicks are for Trids!
is annoying :P but makes me laugh ^_^ ayay
My little brother just delivered a rough cut of the final piece of my short film, a seriously funky track for the ending.
what's happening to your lakers?
Sweet Tweet RTs look who else caught the positive social bug "They don't need no cure": and
Oh, the junk foods! They speaketh so sweetly...
Sun down funs down. Let the studying continue... In a little
The ONE time you raise your hand And some idiot screams the answer out. t(-_-')
Order sent to Tess in MD!
Do you ever wonder what God is up to...I think it's pretty HUGE!
Time to burn some calories before the big weekend!!!!
Resident Evil taught me how to organize all my green herbs. =) hey-O!
TGIF! Come in for a fish fry made with 's Louies Demise Amber ale!
thank u!!
RT Romney: "I stand ready to lead this party and to lead our nation."
Good look on Coheed after the break!
An artist uses technique & emotion to convey a story. Don't get caught up on the technique while on your way to the emotion for your story!
Do other people listen to the same soundtrack over and over and over again? =P
On My Way To My Test Shoot<U+30C4>
Done talking about the Heat. Great win by the Pacers. Good to see they can win one on the road in a big game.
"I am NOT going to hold my butt open!"
Twitter makes class go by fast
Going To Bed Playing At Your Best (:
Y you thug me like that
Are you going to be in Warped Tour next year?? You seriously should! You rocked it this summer :D
Good Sunday morning! Busy day ahead. Need to get it done before it gets too hot!
I screw things up so much, it's not even funny. :\
Leaves are gone from the trees; plastic bags are showing up again. Call us and we'll grab them from trees in Midtown District: 410 528 1512
Today September 30 is the birthday of Country Music Artist Johnny Mathis!
Who's ready for 2012?!
Dr. Collins from says this is a win win win for investigators, companies and most importantly patients.
oh that movie looked interesting, ill have to go see it now :)
met my first #roc twit-ebrity tonight:
Watching #Oscars! :D
#GordonMoore talking #fishing. I won a $10 bet on biggest #bonefish caught on a trip to #Palmyra with him. He paid up right away!
If u want to keep a secret u don't need any help!
Does the fact that I invert all of my FPS games mean I'm more likely to "get" Lion's reverse scroll?
There is nothing like a dream to create the future.
maybe the following weekend.
YES! See you then!
Yeah her hair looked like crud and her ill fitting pants suit
darn it...I forgot about heatsync tonight. How'd it go? I'm sorry I didn't make it out.
Getting ready for TIE Conference in Colorado... ;)
If there was a documentary about Morgan Freeman, who would narrate it?
GO GIRL!!!
grey's anatomy sucks
prolly my ex. RT tall dark haired white in 20's guy around Santa Monica and la cienaga following women. Be careful ladies!"
I am looking for the songs for my dance classes....
Yeah Nino Brown story is fire. So is this concert DVD. Check it out for ya boy.
VW targets more Argentine success
That is hysterical. Parents these days...
RareRO is currently under maintenance! please come back after 10-20mins.
what pictures?:O i want to see
And you never give your self credit, so can you ne capable if not even you believes so.
yea ok
I'm with Andy, doesn't seem ready. In fact, the Wings should just give him to the Hawks. ;)
I'm so very worried. Stop making shitty choices.
My eyes burn
#ImInTheMoodFor a big, yummy salad
Watch out Tejas Moto is coming to town and the force is with us
m But can you tell him to text me ,,
Check out www.todaysfavoritetoys.com, we have toys and games for every age!
NEvEr! StYing with a virgin!again!only play depressing music!i cant help but call virgins out!!put them all one island!!
I was going to post a sketch a day here. You may have noticed, that hasn't happened yet.
I should be as my love for Ryan Adams is well documented, but I never fell in love with White.
She speaks the truth. RT : No disrespect to Popovich, but Thibs should have been #COY. No question.
Casting for a film 3 white females age 17-25 mature RT! $
Tomorrow is jean day. See, can't say you didn't know..
#mcts second time in two days. Buses running early. Missed the bus again!!!
well u do have the best bio I've ever seen hands down others are. Good but urs is the ish
“: Sometimes you sing along to "Man In The Mirror" and sometimes you just yell right along with that mf-er.”
Into vegetarian? Is filet mignon your favorite? Or does seafood float your gondola? We have it all at The Milano Inn.
if u love God RT this but if u think its a waste of space HEY! Keep scrolling!
pittsburgh pa...you?
Yep. You read my mind.
The American Cancer Society tells us that roughly one third of all cancers are diet and activity related. The standard call for thirty minu…
Performed my first Stand Up last nite at The Hollywood Improv. I've got the bug big time!!!
They're not worth dealing with the other ones. :p
Research Group: a good showing. One approach: "who are the audiences" for the research? This group clearly need describe good practice
Men's testicles? As opposed to.....the other kind of testicles?
I.... didn't even think of that. Thank you for this.
That's wat I like to hear!
Behind the scenes with this year's Bakers Dozen!
i am working on yours
...when writers only have more distractions.
nice! I wasn't expecting them so early.
#IDidntTextYouBack cus wth do you say back to "K"...
Why do I always get my phone taken away in the middle of a good conversation?
Tyga's Hard In The Paint>>>>> Waka Flocka's!
oh shit true true.
but next, I'll want to marry my dog. I HOPE THAT'S OK!
#FF offseason NFL inside info & analysis
did Leelee face plant after the throw? If so, then yeah that would be weird.
A and B
m feeelin' god :)
went as well as a first show could go. Got me all fired up about the project!
Went to sleep at 4am why am I up?
Thanks! We're excited to help #startups like yours! Let us know what you need and we're there!
Thanks so much!
Yes! RT : First hardcover copies of Queen of America are arriving today! Can you believe it? It's gonna be pretty.
Sometimes I Blog away! ROCK it out in Dubai my talented friend :-)
“: If he is too expecting of a physical relationship #getridofhim”
I tried to send girl vibes. But she has 3 daughters and 1 son, so it'll balance it out a little more. :)
If you act like a rock star, no one can tell the difference :)
Never been in so much pain -_-
Thanx for taking a moment to "Follow," it means a lot!
- no problem. I'm excited about "ShoveBox"
I refuse to live my life in fear that around every corner is some evildoer. If I thought my baby niece was in any danger taking
I dont subtweet, i send a polite text, email or phone call so u kno its fuck u... Any1 who knows me in real life can vouch for that
I look WAY too good today to have nothing to do! haha
WHAT UP MY DUDE hit me up I need a 16 bro
Dude. This is crazy.
#AustinMakeANewCover tbh it does bother me how Austin told us awhile ago he'd cover Should've Kissed You... & I guess he forgot
I hug you back!
Thank you, Fatty Crab, for making the UWS tolerable
About once every three years something comes over me and I go on a health kick.
Both my girls keep trying to talk with english accents... I think we are watching too much peppa pig! Nah!
the morning of #pubcampBOS, we'll gather to propose and schedule events (on a "board") for the day.
The follow, not the flow
its a hockey night in pgh!!!
Oh, man. You said you'd be done by 2. You better be ready to go, tonight.
He's much more frightening than RT : all i need is for to get into this...
I like that one. RT If it doesn't spread, it's dead
During ur story u should ask 1-800-Flowers y charge $5 and $15 4 delivery on Fri & Sat in addition to Std Delivery cost.
The housing #'s aren't up because of demand to buy homes, it's for renting purposes. If you look at the data, it reveals this.
People walk out of your life for a reason, because there will be someone who deserves your love more than the last.
Babe it's okay. I have a Swanson's dinner in the freezer, with your name on it.
Gonna get my first tat this summer. Who wants to go with me to get it?
Thanks for the #MM mention shipmate!
love that hash tag! #AustinIsOurNoah <3
I agree. There's no other reason to go to the NBA without finishing out college especially with his talent level.
your doing a good job(:
The staff has recovered from a successful print auction, now back to work!!
Breakdown the sales efforts of a top rainmaker, if you do the same activities, w/ same quality, often enough, you will get similar results
you need a cigarette hanging out of yo mouth for a profile pic like that.
Our new website is completed, hope it you like it! #autism #apps #iPhone #special education www.goodkarmaapplications.com
I'll watch any movie with bill nighy in it
Adorn the Wicked - Tomorrow: via
i know it sounds horrible but where going with family friends and were just walking xx
her mom was like "Erica wtf!!! Go over the sink & splash water in it." slut trait lmfao
Haha no just a truck
We're an award winning service provider and work to be the best in the business! Call us for your courier service needs!! 281-953-4048
I like that got me into Rick Ross on her special the other night.
They'll find out soon enough...
Went to the Pride parade with Holland. She danced up a little storm.
Thanks for the RT!
#Fact RT : You can tell a Laker fan their shoes are untied and their default response will still be
r u serious my birthday is on august 01 too lol but im back here in LA so i need 6 hrs lol
lmfao how you gon give a shout out to yourself
gross my love
Good-night! Sweet-dreams!
#Workaholics on netflix.
thanks! And it's been about 2 months now =]
7 days without soccer makes one WEAK!
blunts&bottles&rents&ratchetness
During his six years as our State Senator, Marty Golden has gained a solid reputation of getting things done for Brooklyn.
#taylorallderdice & some pineapple express
This lesbo is now looking up Scruff and Grindr! I have no idea what they are? A boy site, right?
you know I have too lol it's in my blood lol
Harden you suck.
. says 's 4 writers are working on both print & the blog-- print takes priority b/c it brings in $.
Welp. Floyd sealed it.
Weekend-- I welcome you with open arms! Enjoy it, friends! They tend to go way too fast
Thanks for your response! Have you gotten a chance to check out our current exhibition? Would love to hear what you thought!
#oomf Got an attitude I don't got time to deal with
bahh okay so lets talk soon whats ur sched like this week?
u must be watching the oscars.
Oh no!! Are you still coming to Chicago?!?! =\
you were right, I started squealing as soon as started singing. They are amazing! My new love. <3
I completely agree Moms are truly the unsung heroes of our lives and, the world What would be without the love & guidance of moms
Thanks for telling us about how you are celebrating Jazz Appreciation Month
Warren will counter with photos of she and Obama at her tribal council MT O includes Obama in positive way in new ad
Dude hostel is some HOSTILE shit.
damn its a dirty game lol
Thanks for following LakeTravisIns.
Putting together the final shipment for and for #astd2012. See you in Denver in 4 days!
I would never leave a cake I made sitting around with you living in the same house . Lol
Finally got myself an instagram
The most important things in social media - Connection, Commitment & Consistency - Sandi Krakowski
We are putting on a show tonight at Church Rock Club, 69 Kilmarnock St. Boston: 4-bands, $7 cover
definitely other than Fantastic Four 47-49 the entire Outer Space Men graphic novel. www.theouterspacemen.com great question
I think we know who the real pioneer is... YOU! An inspitation for all of us!
you should use my guy. Two emails and done.
I wanna be someones superhero. <3
69 now. How do we get more???
Sheesh I can't catch a break. Gardner, Ellsbury, Morse and now Jennigns all on my DL.
Thumbs up. Especially the Q&A discussion around database vs. book.
TV Tonight: Beavis and Butt-Head Return
It's not what we have, it's who we have in our life that counts. I'm so grateful to have some pretty amazing people in my life!!!
- Awesome (I'm SoCal/LA as well)! Chocolate. Rum. Stout. Yes, please. If the #CBC12 wasn't last wkend, I wdv been there.
you too :)
what?! Have fun man.. That'll be sick
ok. what is it about?
He told me they were coming at him this summer. He took a visit late September.
Looks like I'm watching Harry Potter all night.
Been checking out MICA senior exhibitions for a few hours. Worth visiting before Monday!
hmm well at least you realize it. most people are like im going to be the next wayne or whatever
“: Lazy sunday”. Math. Study. Finals.
cant wait to see Janet Jackson perform....
I'm gonna die tomorrow
haha I miss you!
At the Arclight watching Avatar in 3d. I'm such a boy
Austin, I think you should cover Tonight, Tonight by , you'd be amazing at it! #HatersGonnaHateMahomiesGonnaLove<U+2665>
Bored,Back Hurts, Pissed, and Alone #awesome at least im not dead
I am going to cry so hard tonight, I already know it.
I've tested out a few alpha apps already - I'd love to help out! Let me know how I can be of assistance.
I Can Feel It In The Aer...... TBA
your Kings. Wait. How much of the team do you own. Why have I not seen any tickets to games. You have been holding out!!!
WHEN is your next ORLANDO Concert?????? I can find any tour info :(. want to see u again!!! U where sick met @ ur bus (:
thats understandable. But I gotta say from what ive seen RT America has done a pretty fair job
Any recommendations of places or areas to stay in Singapore?
well i was wrong ha
When Lil Wayne got jumped into his gang, he threw a party like it was his bat mitzvah.
Arrived at Vegas for VMWorld. If you're around, ping me.
Next on the to do list: replace with Joe Benanati.
Arizone is a special kind of terrible. Coughing up a 17-0 lead in the 2nd half to Detriot? haha, that's unreal.
If artists earned a royalty on songs that got stuck in my head, Kings X would be the richest band in the world. ;)
Cranky Tax Help. IRS Pub525, Pg31, Other Income: BRIBES. If you receive a bribe, include it in your income.
My mom just trolled me so hard.
Business Insider reports French productivity at $25.1, USA at $24.6. BUT they note 1594 hours worked then use 1453 for calc.
You left me alone when I needed you most.
Every time I use the word "share" (or -ing, -ed) I'm afraid I'm going to type "shart" and embarrass myself.
A few more days until the Cetona building opens up!
Reds vs. Indians pre-season baseball. Countdown to the regular season has begun.
Watching Diary of a Wimpy Kid
who told you my nickname
THANK YOU!!! www.donnalynne.com
I would love to see the Paul delegates & the "Romney" delegates for Paul get a little payback at the convention for all the GOP's bs so far
I know. No one has tweeted me yet more than once in a tweet. Praying they won't.
yep it just arrived right before I left but if ur going to the parade there will be a trailer on the route & 2 tents @ AAC
Rent to Own the Hottest Electronics at the BEST prices at Buddy Rent to Own
Thanks for the ecomonday shouts!
we will! we don´t have the same model in different sizes tho, but as soon as this ones go, we will get more.
Almost got my ass there
Amen. I'll receive that!
Sometimes love comes around , and Knocks You Down ..
no kids for me... Yet.... Lol but I plan on doing that too AND bringing them with me to practice while I coach lol
yooo i heard that track lol you fuck with logic now?
yeaahh I've been looking for a prom dress (:
RT : uh oh has disappeared from the #itunes store, is Apple flexing muscle or is this more on their legal woes...
Me ears are still throbbing
if u wanna hoop , we at da Y
Hook me up jazzy
Great! I knew she'd be okay.
Speedbusters is everywhere. All the time. We know when you're sleeping... we know when you're awake.
RT : Last day to follow Hollywood bad boy in his #MMDM pledge. New follow = $1 for Hockey Fights Cancer RT!
Cool Chicks Love Ice Cream...
i gotta listen to all my dick friends that are jet fans all week if we win this game were fucken steam rolling..
#churchplanters When you walk in His love you will Know its His voice. What you want doesn't matters it's what He wants that does.
Lot's of work today for AVbyte! Shot a great video yesterday!!
still working on this song... How about you?
I knew that was you at the Thai spot lol. Good time at Oak Saturday, cool spot buddy.
Laguna Hills' Anne Pankowski, 16, - a former #AnaheimLadyDuck - could make the U.S. Women's National Team for the
Your still loosing your baby teeth...your not in love, nor have you ever been in love.
I love walmarts like that <33
I know u all are busy but can I please ask you a question.? Please : )
!!!!!!!!!!!!! "am i worse then left over poop that got stuck to the toilet when you flush a thousand times????"
Ing u. You think we're all brats. Why do u stay? To just scream at us for Our mistakes? I ask one thing for Babysitting while I'm sick I
Ba Ba Ba, Ba Ba na na
Gdm twitters hope u all r great, have a bless day. I'm getn ready to goto the library, ttyl (~_~) …… …………XoXo
My brother watching, the cutie next door take a shower!!! # im done. lmaoooooo. -__-
The worst part is behind me.
didn't do any of my homework. &&
my hours are getting cut to under 30 the next couple weeks. Going to catch up on some slumber, hibernate until May 26th.
Today is Spirit Day, Remember the words and actions that you commit in life can alter someone elses life completely. Rest in peace Seth.
I'm eatinn now !
Going to miss youu don't be too crazy without me! :)
WAIT! Are trucker hats no longer in style? I had never felt more attractive...
May everyone work hard to make their dreams come true this year!! :) It's a prosperous yr and its worthit!! :)
Are you free next week or the week after?
Get him to follow me too!
Hey what's your instagram? I looked you up but there's so many fakes :p could you tell me please?:) Thankss!
#SinceWeBeingHonest I only talk to u cause my friends all mostly live outta town n the ones in town be at work & skool when I'm off.
Happy first winter Snow Day!
They shouldve never gave u niggas money ! * dave chappelle rick james voice " .
Kenny Smith with great point about Lou Williams making both FT's. #TNT #NBA should have missed 2nd for chance to win
don't complain!
I get free lunch every day! And there are game rooms for break times! And I might actually like the work/my coworkers! :O
Send me your email address. I'm . I have a few that might be helpful.
Coolness:) I'm heading out around 1:00 till 6-ish. Catch me before or after
RT More women entrepreneurs win $ in than percentage of participants. Woop! #PPC #SOCAP11 #socent (cc )
Money~talks in signs~floating above us
Wonderful! Where are you going?
lol man the Wade that has been playing recently I don't know who he is
whats the dimensions for a twitter icon
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.
uh when i click on the G+ link, it says page not found... im not sayin...just saying.... fix your link! ;-)
ohh I would never
thanks so much!!!
why is Sam Young 43 years old and still playing in the association??
I am so amped about all of the fantastic finds I've found on Twitter tonight. All of my Plus+ Luv goes out to everyone I am now following!
People people people love will find it's way STOP rushing!!
Nov27th Nation Wide live streaming event look for great artist in LA
your card is officially in my bag, yes me!
thats true hopefully the actual one is better! What order are they gonna put groups in tm?
What I wouldn't do for a sticker. Jealous of my friends at
Yo who wanna follow next 10 followers will receive a follow back
What role are you dying to play but haven't?
Shoot! Just got spammed by hundreds of non real no profile pic twitter followers. What should I do? Can block them all one by one!
Heads Up! SquE-Zn Sunday!!! This Sunday win a FREE pack of SquE-Zs! Stay posted for all the details this Sunday Sunday SquE-Zn Sunday!
I have no energy for foolishness...
my cousin is watching the bachelorette during the #NBAPlayoffs. Who do I talk to about getting his man card revoked?!!
Blasting Kid Liberty on this road trip was the greatest idea I've ever had.
luv affordable great wine - anyone can find a great expensive wine!! The challenge is $15 or less. Keep up posts like this!!
Happy Mothers Day. You Still Owe Me Olive Garden! <U+0001F602><U+0001F602><U+0001F602><U+0001F602>
I don't have my phone right now, where should I meet you?
that's why you finished my food for me, right?
Bed soon:)
oh my gosh, good luck!
Its not you, its me.
Go ahead Gladys!!! She's gettin' it!
“: Women please have those stomachs right this summer if u gone have them out” lol u to silly
#VansWarpedTour was fun but I am tired. Pool time?
“If you wanna do something, go for it. You’ve got nothing to lose.” -Louis
cool, I can send you a picasa link, im gonna organize them this weekend
Go get 'em champ.
Ugh Pappa Rhodes just made look bad......ugh I dont care he's still beautiful!! I mean, why wouldn't he still be?
Happy Mother's day to all Mothers '
guess whose cat spent 2 hours this morning locked in a closet again? (hint: starts with "s" and rhymes with "weenie")
Oh, Burlington, IA. I've missed you.
Broke my glasses clean in half. Now I'm in what appears to be a LensCrafters in Atlanta, but I can't be sure.
Gorgeous suit !
#10ThingsiShouldHaveSaid I know exactly how it's going to end....
It all started with me correcting you on a typo.
Wtf man I was sleepin good, dreaming of sleepin n what not. Jus had 2 go n ruin it 4 me.
Woo hoo! I just shared this link w/ alums from my book publishing grad program. Would LOVE to hear more about Writter.ly sometime.
Grande Noelia!!!!!keep going then Miami is waiting for u!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yes, that's what I hear, which makes me torn as to when I should go out there. But it seems like more things are coming to NY
Oh! My first ever presidential motorcade!
I need a Foot massage !
"Taking charge of how you spend ur time ensures that you'll live a quality, purposeful life for the rest of ur life."~The 100 Year Lifestyle
o, these people are awesome.... thank you!
Ohh Well Im Fine With That:]
Ya'll already know that is a huge Ranger fan!
I second that! Go knicks!
Thanks for the RT. Thanks for helping spread the word.
Great week this week.. Looking forward to another great week this coming week yep...God just showed me something great.. It's time..Leh Go!!
Get out,get out my mind. And come on come into my life. I dont, dont know what it is,but i need that one thing & you've got that one thing~
howay men are useless at that too:/
Wow what a badass ! (Or as my sons would say, BEAST)
He's a beast. #greenjacket for sure. Well deserved
I'm finally showing my face tonight Will I be seeing you !?
Haters really don't hate you, they hate themselves because you're a reflection of what they want to be.
I'm not too sure if I'm hungry or just bored... I'll wait to 1pm to decide...
well your lucky about the 9 days left, but i wouldn't wanna be leaving highschool yet. lol
Welcome Aboard, Vincent Van Ness.... 80 agents and growing!
Muñoz: consider how libraries can move OA forward in terms of curation and digital preservation activities
The average women would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think
it's just another manic Monday
im in Arizona
in hip hop?
Need some more headphones.
Thx for the follow. And a ARMY HOAH
"The Commission (I Am Citi Boi & Dub-D) "Miss Me With That Bullshit"" on YouTube...
Happy Happy Birthday Love Ya Hope Its The Best!!!!!
literally got the text to go out right after I tweeted it.
Do a squeeze!
Alexandra's advice: really think about the WHY in developing QR codes and make sure to test Them before you print!!!
In bed with and twugs!!
Every #wedding should be summed up in these 10 words RT : Good food, good drinks, great family, good friends, great memories
YES!! I was worried at first when they were gonna put it out but it looks absolutely AWESOME!!
it's training, not a war. Stooping to CNN & FOX level of sensationalism?
Summer is coming, have your kids t shirts ready!
Good Morning...RIP Charles Mathis. A dear friend will be missed..
Finally! The questions!
madison langley game was terrible we lost so hard
Do you know if I'm picking anybody up?
If you could meet any historical figure, who would it be? I'm torn between Virginia Woolf and Georgia O'Keefe.
*txt* not in the slightest. Only worse -_-
Remember, there are two words in life that will open a lot of doors for you. Push and Pull.
you got your first pair?
MATURE TREES: It is important not to disrupt the root system that has been established by the tree.
watching nationwide qualifying
Humoring during Lance Dublin's keynote
#3WordsForYou You are amazing.
I'll be going to the Nat'l Arts Marketing Conf this Nov - it's going to be in Charlotte!
So I think I will get the hair cut tomorrow. I've been all talk lately.
awww thank you! U da best! Xo
The Civil War was one of the greatest things I have ever had the pleasure to witness. I've never been more proud of my college.
Ensure you get off to a good start this year, review your telecommunications services in good time. Call us to see how WE can help YOU!
Inspiration is receiving, inhaling. Expression is giving, exhaling. Existence is a living art form. I breathe, therefore I create.
yeah shit can happen haha x)
follow me yo
And Cain knew his wife; and she conceived, and bare Enoch:
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :) :)
Thurs happy hour @ Plan B w/DJ Pre-mo is 7:30 to 9:30. come join us for the party before the weekend starts
If I'm following you and u not following me back im bout to unfollow u NOW
bring montay back for the show
Ran 2 miles+ today, because it is National Running Day!
A hearse just drove past us.
wanted to offer some friendly support.....having been there even some of with the co-called 'adults' I know.
It was a great semester! Good luck on final projects and lmk if you have questions!
I miss this class so much Shirlene! Meow :(
My March Madness was twarted by an unexplainable, atrotous, and loathsome effort shown by the Memphis Tigers
"my phone stays buggin/ cause groupies wanna hug em/ yeah we always fuckin/ but i aint cuffin nothin" new song by SEAUX
Guys stop spamming Bailey, he's new to twitter and he might be confused on what is going on. The last thing he needs is a spam.
EPIC TONIGHT!!! START THE YEAR OUT RIGHT W THE EPIC FAM!!! Rock Church Cafe 5&7pm
It's a surprisingly interesting museum! Have fun!
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
I will has no funds until I come back from houston next week. once again, FML.
tell mama i said happy mothers day and i love her the most
I should know by now never to look in the mirror in public bathrooms with fluorescent lighting. Ugh.
emailed you! :)
Make sure u LIKE me on #facebook im a #makeupartist and we have some contests! ====> www.facebook.com/mindmystifyingdesigns. Pls RT
says is ensuring same flavor globally, from farm to fork.
thats wassup!! Same here, working, school and getting my GTL on lol..bout the big day, yea things r falling into place! 4mons!
that type of arguing...so often...not normal.
If I wasn't at the stadium to see his playoff triple that took 14 seconds, I would have sworn it was special effects.
Please RT & follow these amazing people:, , , , ,
- kel, did i do that right? (i'd forgotten that my HC page is linked to twitter and linked in so . . .
Man Ima miss fucking with the few of my classmates I did fuck with...
Newt tries to get the tiny mouse vote.
How long before we see an Android-based Kindle device from Amazon? My spidey-sense is tingling.
You know ur official if you have anchors on ABC saying "BOSS"D UP" lol .Go NIkki!
You be scratching me up.
#Bones #himym season finale time
Hello- do you know of any lunchtime weekday group rides?
ever thought of managing Christian Artist?
Anakin450 made my new pic (I help)
Happy belated Mothers Day to Casey Anthony! :-)
I second that! She's right ur beautiful :)
You should skype with this Friday! It's her birthday and that would be an amazing present :D
law of attraction! xoxo
So do we now start a hashtag of
I Act Like Shit Don't Phase Me. But Inside It Drives Me Crazy.
The CIRCUMASTANCES you're in are probably because of the CIRCLE of people you're in. Be thankful for your REAL friend(s).
well all I really care about is next weeks champions league finals and that it's all
When you speak truth everyone may not like it but all accept it!!
“: Do you feel the same way about Paolo Tornaghi and Sean Johnson?” ---Yes. But one subpar game by Tornaghi and SJ is back.
And now 7 p.m. feels too late to eat. I'M SPIRALING!!! (And yes, I do owe you a reply to your email!)
Seriously I'm losing you to this.
Oh, okay. I feel old, haha! I was 13.
I was hoping you'd make it to Deleuze. Well played.
here we go usa
I'll be seeing you on Saturday morning. Looking forward!
Thank you! :)
she's a crazy lady she told my dad to hit me -_- I was like really mom youre telling a father who hasnt been around for 10 years..
Judging from my trip from JC to Kingsport, I spent too much time in New Jersey
awesome! How's the music section coming along?
You will absolutely love it!
Thanks Jeannie. Luv you. Visit my closet for a "librarian" special show. I need your help.
nice. :D
#DrakeCriesWhen he falls on stage llz
Waiting for bisbee to show up, I want go to bed honestly
M I love peanut butter cookies !
Lmao oh snap! @ pretty_kia dang! that sucks ya'll would have been cute.
Should we grow a ZZ Top-inspired beard for #Summerfest? Discuss. We'll need to get started right away.
Talk of god & drink outside bar w recently unjailed dude on crutches. Says, It's not what goes in you that follows you. It's what comes out.
We all have been taught "thou shou not kill... Now hear this.... FUCK THAT SHIT" ....Ssgt. Sikes
Getting my munch on! Then its back to business.
Anyone going to the Rothbury Festival? www.rothburyfestival.com
Cookout and sweet frog are a 'thing'
when u dont have tru tv in your room<<<<<<
La Roche-Posay Improves Quality of Life for Those with Sensitive Skin - MarketWatch (press release)
I could just sit right there, on that little yellow chair - and rummage through that pile of books.
Congrats to one more young artist targeted by spammers in a weird way a
Funny. They are almost ALL in NY and CA. Some CLE spots deserve a mention once in awhile.
check out this site for some great baseball insight...scout406baseball.com is going to blow up big!!!
Im out here hoopin ....im buuuullshittin fa real..
Every good leader must also be a good follower, but when the time comes for you to lead, step out and lead well!
SAMMMMEEEEEEE I'm so proud to be a fan girl makes NE smile everyday
#stayawayfrommeif you think George Zimmerman shouldn't b convicted of murdering Trayvon Martin!!
yourself room to learn from others, be open minded to others' ideas, and giving yourself love and compassion.
Thanks for the shoutout Nina! Enjoy the show!
In love, as in life, one misheard word can be tremendously important. If you tell someone you love them, for instance,
Keep talking bout "Jobless" recovery. Reason? US keeps exporting thousands of "free trade" jobs on daily basis!
I def have to remain mindful of this!
you are on a Hero's Journey! TY for your inspiration!!
Thanks. Like JB, this time I'll get to the National Railway Museum in York, not just the Minster, lovely though it is.
Santa has the BEST job in the world. And let's not forget about his team of helpers. Now that's teamwork. :)
Glad you had a good time! We will be holding plenty of events like this coming up! As we get more of them I will let everyone know
Annie looks so sweet!!! Hope she finds a wonderful home for Christmas
What will come first? News about acceptance to a film festival or my son?
went on a ride today in perfect weather, could've used a ride partner. Hope you're enjoying Lebanon!
You are a big account yes but you are not royalty so stop acting like you are.
old school rewind is on! Takin' me back! Bomba was my joint back then
if its anything good then they dont know me
you need to have an active game to add players (8cejh)
They need to get an indoor practice field before they start thinking about a TV network.
see you tonight??
so am I but we gotta be up at 6
sounds lyk someone I no u lol
thank u :) i hope so
We hope you're enjoying your lunch! How is everything?
Remember where you are and where you came from, You up there doing it those haters will always subside
Who in their right mind can feel good about this?
man, u really are a true new yorker
Yes people. I am biting the callouses on my hands. It's called
It's a proven fact that Happy Hour cures the Monday Blues. Proven. Check out www.gotime.com for happy hours in your area.
Great week at #SXSW but we're worn out and ready for some normalcy.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. -Gandhi
So bored it midnight and I'm lik wide awake inbox me ppl
I think I lost a tweet. RETWEET: Mostly, I
Nobody in this building was really rooting for us. I think guys used that for motivation - Louis Hinnant
I can't stand her! RT : lol why did i "LOL" literally
Who the fuck just saved Andrea? Were those walker slaves?
Animal - Neon Trees
Tears - it is the liquid that pours out why some of the eye, when pressed into your soul
Music to my ears. #GoPack RT There are roughly 90 days before preseason games begin.
Anybody going to the WGA Asian American women Showrunners panel tonight? If so, I'll see you there!
Still feeling last night.
anytime :) Enjoy!
lol lucky I wanted to go see it lol I might go on Sunday to see it :3 lol What flavor was it :3
They are trusting you with their health
i guess he was right.. i do miss him :(
Just saw Jeff Skinner at the NHL offices in NYC. I thought he was a college grad here to interview for an internship!
Wishing the Fantastic and Amazing a Very Happy Birthday! May GOD BLESS You with the Best, Amit Ji! You are an inspiration!!!! :)
So Tired<U+0001F6B6>
How can you help spread the word about EdCamp Social Studies? Tell your Social Studies buddies!!!
Geesh, rain and hail like this is really not helping when you have to go to an audition by bicycle!
thank you, can't wait to be back!
12 is considered a magical number, with appearances in legend since antiquity.
I like how I'm still on the bus -_-
RT : Commitment leads to action. Action brings your dream closer. Marcia Wieder
how fabulously amazing!! Congratulations!
It worked!!
No Rush...How can we win with no rushing game, and soft coverage?
thanks for the good juju! ;-)
Where did u find this?
I'm at the Marvin Center. I'm here with Sirius XM
Now know how to successfully locate the key codes on a 1970-71 Volkswagen Beetle.
"Then Jesus said, 'Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they do.'" Luke 23:34
While watching Wisconson play last night. I started to think slowing up the game in basketball. Is as affective as the offensive in Denver.
taking five min for myself.
Late for the party, couldnt find a gift. Nxt stop, Northpark Mall?
Had a great conversation with 1 of the folks from www.commonrootscatering.com/ Excited to have 'em in the studio next week!
The assignment is so poorly worded too. It's all a hot mess.
Try our Bahama Mama. It's the real deal, just like the original! Add some German Potato Salad and Creamy Cole Slaw!
I already had tensions on leaving anyway atmosphere just wasn't for me jayyer central over there
That is exciting news (about the puppy)! I'll be looking forward to seeing a picture of it.
Jose Conseco is actually trying to play baseball again... With or without steroids? That is the question...
the situation on that woman's chest should get a equally gay name like maybe the deal haha you could come up with better
the twitter-o-sphere reporting Fidel Castro's death, but it isn't on Drudge yet.
Just tapped, Afterburner IPA (replaces New Belgium Lips of Faith Fresh Hop IPA)
#Bert is the original #hipster!
adventure time come on grab your friends we'll go to very distant lands :D
RT : RT if you've watched the new Dark Knight Rises trailer more than once...
Per ACTA report, there has been far less investment in instruction, compared to administration from FY'04 to FY'10.
our lunch table is always so calm, and quiet, and boring, and calm -__- lol we want some FUN
It's 64 degrees and SUNNY in Denver. rode his bike to work today, did you?
watchin Rachel Crow's performance singing Justin Bieber's Baby and singing along.
The Mavs can finally get the respect they deserve!!! Complete dismantling of the Lakers. And the look on Kobe's face... Priceless!!!
what else is on it?
Y my girl Chocolate on Fox 10 News doe lmao. This shud b good :))
I saw that, and thought that was you ridin that bull
I am going to try to keep my mouth shut so i don't upset this game…
obama boston
heard parts of your speech today at Georgetown. You are always right on the money. Thanks for always standing up for America.
Don't break people's hearts they only have one, Break their bones instead they have 206 of those.
thanks for following us. We appreciate it.
totally worth it! I ordered everything on Amazon: lamp was $120, the top and base coat were $40 and the 6 polish set was $70.
Awesome! I will dm u my # RT : Would love to have you out. Will contact you soon:) Great Friday to you!
world's colliding! + meeting up. wish i could be there.
RT : I miss texting She was one of my #iphone addictions.
Waiting for Mike Sanford press conference to begin
someone i used to know
This weather >>
I don't hate you because you're fat, you're fat because I hate you
What is the point of a Riot again? I never could make sense of that!
Learning patience and breathing life...
hey I dont understand y u haven't order ur shirt, go to the stores, or drop by my place....dang so many options. Lol.
“It's never too late--in fiction or in life--to revise.” - Nancy Thayer
True Is They Shuttin It Down.!
Justin Bieber Drummer Boy . > > >
Wanna thank God for everything I do have rather than for asking for what I don't #Thankyougodalways <3<U+0001F497><U+0001F64F>
It's just Tuesday. How crazy can it get?
Just passed Total Integrity Fashions in Trenton NJ.
is in the building Club Eve and we're in the back room!!! Ep release party
Hate break outs -_- <
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! :3
i get paid for reading shit off a page, i aint gotta wait till friday cuz every day i be straight
that sounds like a blast! Happy hacking!
yea im 15 yeah im from baltimore why
I'm good Doc. How bout u bruh?
Football practice was nice today. Go Raiders.
Your name on here is Seto Kaiba. I love you.
I hurt all over but snowboarding sure is fun ;) x
When the world says 'Give up', Hope says 'Try one more time' <3.
I LOVE YOU
hey, you're a cutie
Break Legs! RT : Auditioning for Maria Hubbard tomorrow. Setting myself up for future successes. :)
I am good :) thanks
There's still 3 months left for outdoor bootcamp. For you or the company that holds em?
Enjoy this 6 month anniversary dinner! RT : Dinner is served at #UnionSq!
I remember when you coiuld turn on the radio between 10-2 and hear slow jams.Now i just hear lil wayne cusing me out.
Worthington: find more cowbell here. :)
Supporting those Plainfield baseball boys today! <U+2600><U+270C><U+26BE>
Hey Ms. Gloria!!!
An inch deep pile of sketches and ten to fifteen wireframes to crank out.
Have a good time watching the ponies! Good luck!
Follow some of our contributes!
Okay she was better today but I'm also sad cus the boo is leaving me today :(
"Nigga did you pee on me" lol
literally every.single.tweet. on my feed is about
You can have a few after the combine! RT : Is it a fatboy thing that i got chills from lookin at these rack of ribs pass me"
Hater: Austin Mahone isnt talented! Me: you best take that back. Hater: or what? Police: so she just slipped off this cliff? Me: yup
Football refs could call penalties on every play
Good win for Manchester United today. Still have work to do. No doubt Sir Alex will help them keep their nerve for the remaining fixtures
I eat at school lol
just so you know, me and that monkey your holding had an 'oh what a night' moment before I gave him to you (:
Lenders and Investors are interested in pursuing existing office and retail properties. Let me help you with yours. 602-509-5377
Dead serious.
Happy Birthday Joseph
Did you win the SBIR dept of ed grant?
I fought the lawn and the lawn won.
ha, I'm willing to watch it again. Unlike QoS, I didn't get enraged all over again.
Our location is locked, blocking is set..next on the list: kick ass and chew bubble gum..bubble gum, check, kicking ass..in progress
With credit, sure! Let me know the link once it is published.
TWiTTER DON'T EXCiTE MEH ANYMORE; iT JUST GiVE MEH SOMETHiNG TO DO...#<U+270C>
its ok, u got me(:
agreed. yes, still in E-WA.
RT : 19 days until #Cubs Opening Day!
Go Girl!
hey I am a songwriter looking to network
"If you want to be loved, be lovable." - Ovid
"Big journals are not the best fit for everything." "Editors can be your friend, but do call constantly."
Seriously ready to give up.
I #lovelove Blake introduces Miranda. Sweet for Valentines and
you would have to lockbox your firearm in the truck. And every time you wanted to carry, go to trunk. By then you could be hit
To all the Heat "fans" that said Bosh doesn't make a difference on the team, I hope you're happy.
no way dawg
A monster does. ):
I know! We will coordinate it. Are you living back there now?
taker easy taker slow don't put you fingers where you nose won't go!
i miss you
home ...got u on list
Who's got their #summer #fashion picked out?
M&I a part of the BMO Financial Group will be giving away 1000 ice cream cups from 1-1:30 today at 780 N. Water St-first come first served.
IN DC, which is bad news, but get to host 11AM ET Obama presser with Ron Elving...and since I'm in town...afterwards...Harry Potter!
RT "Lovely. I feel so cosmopolitan...so worldly." <~ Lol, Very Cute. Welcome Darling!
The serving size for meat or poultry is about the size of a deck of cards.
He startin to piss me off
somebody should help me get 7 more follower.. please
Big 10 drops a tight one tonight, 10-8. 1st loss for the A's, who will take a week off for the 4th before returning to the diamond.
Never had (authentic) Jamaican, I bet is zesty and sassy.
I fucking hate making up the bed.
LOOOOOL. Obviously, you're still freaking out!
#ideas2action randy bass: high impact practices-mostly in the co-curriculum.
Got 2 tickets to Bon Iver at Radio City..#ticketmaster wouldn't accept my credit card..tickets now released.You feel the love?
Dont talk so much, just kiss me (:
RT : #Milwaukee want a slice of #pizza the size of your head? Come get some for only $1!!!
good morning all!
“My favorite poem is the one that starts 'Thirty days hath September' because it actually tells you something.” ~ Groucho Marx
Important to invest in women: children live longer, children get more educated, GDP drastically increases, more stable and peaceful
DAMN CAN I TASTE IT MAMI
Wrapping up our Culture and Sustainability fest with Rafique Keshavjee exploring Muslim examples of humanism via literature
if you then, being evil, know how to give good gifts, how much more will your heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to those who ask!
Good morning, Twitterverse. The sky in ABQ is darkening this morning--rain? We sure could use some :)
Just because you finally said the truth Doesnt mean this is over!Just letting you know!(:
Kobe be thugging, i really get off if kobe sent me at a nigga, like i'll deck durrant on da muscle for my dude, real shit
Space still available for green products or services 7 Michigan Made products call 313 288 2126 or
I don't get to go home. & it's not time for job 2 yet. so YOU go home!
We tanked nothing for Crosby. We won the lottery. Literally. grew our team instead of NY philosophy to buy a team
There was a sign on the lawn at a drug re-hab center that said 'Keep off the Grass'.
marry me. please.
If Jane Austen were alive she'd be addressing the climate change issues as Sense and Stupidity. You know which side we're on.
Sometimes you just gotta sit back and let the music take over ;] peaceful
that would imply that he has guard skills.
Here in Ashland,MA... scattered clouds, 76F with dewpoint in the ever so comfy mid 50's. Another perfect ten!
on my way to the doctors not feeling well
Just came from #edcampcolumbus yesterday and also attended #edcampcincy. THE best f2f PD ever.
seen it lol
Tonight's MWC Championship game will be televised on NBC Sports Network at 4.
I don't like u can buy cubans. Then u torture us with pictures
We're celebrating Black History Month with a look at African-Americans in Scifi and Fantasy. Today's subject, Joe Morton.
We can't wait--a great day ahead. #Cochon555 RT : good talk and good luck
The male population needs to figure it out .. And figure it out now .. Idiots .
Can we please just leave?
*gaspin* cant breathe gimme a sec. RT : #really lol RT : fake an asthma attack. works like a charm...
yes after the game
Tomorrow morning at 8:46am ET on A&E there's a 9/11 special it'll broadcast everywhere at that time. Figure out when it is for your timezone
Are you rejoicing or complaining? :) I'm not loving it. RT : more rain! more rain!
peanut butter>>>>>>every other food
Hey guys. :) Love you guys. :) Lmao.
This is the summer of the grind!
I hope everyone is having a wonderful Mother's Day.
Hey, let's be careful out there, Milwaukee.
Somehow got a 93 on my physics midterm when the average was a 54? #miraclesdohappen <U+0001F44D> now if only ochem would go the same way..
Sorry to see it go. But here's to even bigger things in the future!
I'm so done wit bitches on here
The taxi with ‘Abdu'l-Bahá and Mrs. True is on the bridge over the North Shore Channel. ‘Abdu'l-Bahá consoles her.
Dependence on oil is fueling our enemies both oil and $$$
Oh you crazy kids! :)
On NHL LIve Wednesday, Smith: "I think Washington's gonna win tonight [G6]. I don't really want them to. Game 7's going to the Rangers."
who tryna get tatted its serious over here 3106141754
Melissa needs to chill!
lol I knew you would understand... a happy easter to you as well!!! :) may all your fashion wishes come true
RT Last builder's meeting! #FPAC20 is just around the corner! :")
Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop. ~Ovid
“: love your fans n respect your supporters 1 of the keys to success #ijs” < Huh???
Taking APLU staff field trip to see space shuttle fly-by!
hey, gotta help where I can..
we're always on twitter at the same time ((~:
Nov 27th - Old Fashioned #Christmas celebration - Parade 12:30PM followed by activities and Santa - 5:30PM tree lighting at City Hall.
Well, my judgment includes plenty of experience with editing, haha
good to start off with a road series win. How many times did that happen in 2010? 1?
Hollywood needed this change! Can't wait till the Grand Opening!
true that!
Sherman combined census data, tax lists, and crop records to know where to get supplies. interesting in the days pre-computer
I need my money pronto
I read about TED in EW. I'm glad u said therez a balance to the movie, that it has a Lot of heart. Can't wait to see u.
and more! Call to reserve your space @ 212.594.9616.
I'm falling head over heels for SublimeText2. Why was it not a part of BDW's curriculum?
I am sorry to say, no I am not familiar. Enlighten me?
Dis girl said she still be on myspace
Shout out to my favorite Washington Post columnist
Thank you for
I have four, 22oz Prime, Bone-in Ribeyes in the freezer...That number will be reduced to three in approximately 72 hours. That is all.
2 Timothy 2:16 gives great insight to the devils plan 1) To trap u 2) To use u as a pawn to do his will. Refuse to let him use u today!
Touchdown. World peace.
Sup all A's
we are! I was checking out your shirts yesterday. I really dig them! Super funny.
#ImHopingThat you feel the same way I do.
ok. that is really creepy. I'm sure it uses an algorithm of some sort from a database but I picked OBSCURE people.
Part 1 of the red velvet cake is done :) Gonna make 2 layers with cream cheese frosting in dahh middle.
Would be nice to see Darren Collison do something
So much on my mind . Can't go back to sleep.
Thanks for choosing WMA International again. We hope you had a great year training with us.
Still laying in bed. Not because I want to, but because someone gave me the flu for my birthday
It's going down kickin it !
#Str8LykeDes... You still talking bout back but nigga I'm in the future goin inn...
IM 003 HUNGRY UGH N ALL THE VENDING MACHINCES EMPTY EXCEPT N THE VOCATIONL BUILDING N I DNT FILL LIKE WALKING ALL THE WAY N THERE TUMMY HURT
It's better to have few true friends than lots of fake friends
I thought about it, but I figure if we ever wanted to sell (not an antique dealer) it might kill the value.
On my way to ATT for Cal v OSU. Go Bears
Lauryn Hill goes hard since the 90s
My 7-year-old son on spring break with big plans for playing today: "Mom, can I practice piano after dinner? I'm on a tight schedule today!"
It's a rainy day in LA, but The SCoop is getting ready for a weekend full of events!
w those same issues RealMad is finishing 3rd. Differences in the top 1% are incremental & fortune plays a starring role.
nada. empty water bottle. congrats.
hahaha. At least it was Halloween.
This. RT : Happy 2 yr anniversary to - best 2 years I could ask for. Love you!
Myers RBI single with the bases loaded puts the score at 3-0 before Haack's three-RBI double puts the Cajuns up 6-0. SBCSB
thanks Priya. Hope we can tempt you with some subtle ombré hilights next time x
Today in 1881: P.T. Barnum and James Bailey merged their circuses to form "The Greatest Show on Earth."
Like Events? Like Having Fun? You better #FF , ,
Just caught up on Project Runway Allstars.The Judges were wrong. You Deserved To Stay.I Don't Want To Watch Anymore...
Take charge and mean it .
Hope to never have to use it, but do you know if it's auto-SOS or if you have to hit the button (I know you *can* hit the button)?
Lunch Michael Angelo’s Chicken Alfredo, Poland Springs Water
doctor. Wallace Stevens was insurance in Hartford.
Thanks, sir.
The Hobbit inevitably makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're filiming that into a film too.
getting ready for SIGraDi 2009 in Sao Paulo on the role of architecture in virtual worlds - a lecture in Rio and Campinas too
Couple-a tings: Ain't no Seamus in my Gamus
! RT : . on the #Coachella Stage w/ Tim Armstrong () of right now!
Wondering if twitterers tend to double dip-- does one post the same thing on facebook and twitter?
3 am ... Espresso effect still on! Any other night owls out there? My only hope is you are in London woman!! Manifiéstate!!
What a great event!
love the bright new orange twitter logo
It's one of the "add a Bogost 'How to Do Things' chapter" finals. My idea was tragedy in games, but I'm going to have to back up.
even though i don't support that team, i really hope he get up ..
coming soon our event meet and greet Paula Deborah, activist & Author #tijuanachildren documentary
This sinus infection can go away now..
i luuv me some babydoll.diggy.jacob.princeton.prodigy.ray ray. and some roc royal.:))
RT : "A moral lesson is better expressed in short sayings than in long discourse" ~ Johann Georg Zimmermann
Wtf this boy watching
Business still slow but you both still get $ :) RT YAY does that mean & I get more money on payday
I was down in Fredonia with Graham Josh and Pat
Agreed!! Loved the movie!
Moved on to Disco...
iv'e tweeted you 200 times today and you never reply :(
tripped 2 times in a row while walking into the Y...and didn't fall! HA!
Heyy how are you baby?<3
dude! yes even!!!! dont give me no crap about it! #JustKidding but on the forreal side your BEAUTIFUL
My fat ass ain't doing good either lmao Sis I ate so many rice krispies and my scale said yo' ass ain't dropped not a pound
Poor KP has strep... Again <U+0001F614>
“: That ruling on Pitbulls in the state of md is bs” agree here buddy
“: Thanks for following God. God bless you today and everyday!” <U+E536>Thank you, God bless you each &Every day also.
I'm ready for a good show tonight!!!
uh oh
I dunno =)
Love me some
I thought it was just me...
When a hour nap turns into a 5 hour nap.
FIRST LADIES!! THE NEW SAYING IS "APPLE PIE FACE" #JENN ‡-)
I spent the morning fishing for compliments. Caught two backhanded ones and 12 insult fish.
Had a great day with and the #Experis team at Lake Lanier today! Great team event!
great pick!!
You too!
lol, it's been great recently. Getting radio play on #wfmu and some others. Playing shows here and there. Interesting, I like. ;-)
What was that cars.com ad?
The superior man acts before he speaks, and afterwards speaks according to his action. - Confucius
Dear John :)
Of course! I'm such a night owl! :]
ha! Nice.
., and are on the media panel.
Daylight Savings Time reminds me why coffee exists. Thanks be to God.
The guy was obviously trolling and won. If you take any of Punks responses seriously, maybe u should stay off the Internets.
Happy early birthday!
Yeah plus were not the only ones that is annoyed that trash like 90210 and GG got renewed and worthy shows get cancelled
That midget with the lazy eye is now standing next to me! O wait, its just a guy in a wheelchair with a lazy eye :D Mybad
More tweets!
I think there's a blind date happening next to me. I don't think it's going well for him.
add me on facebook - Freddy Shane Kemery
#foodiechats grilling tip - always clean and oil the grates before putting anything on the grill
Husband tells me he bought it on ebay many years ago.
Happy National Grills Cheese Day everyone. Guess what I'm eating for breakfast;)
I second that idea.
If you know artists in the hurricane's aftermath - send support, love, and dry weather.
Put a 'Ross for Sheriff' SIGN UP and SIGN UP to volunteer tomorrow and Tuesday! Call (415) 609-4222 or
«i need a good tv show to get hooked on (preferably one on netflix). Any suggestions?» The Wire. Otherwise, Homeland.
I hate you.
Too depressed to play video games is cause for alarm.
We either make ourselves miserable or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same - Carlos Castaneda (RT )
you should be so proud of who you are and what you accomplished. Sad to see you go. Go Bucks!
Any Dispensary want to do vending out there?
#ThingsIwantTheMost to stop slapping me.
So what the world doing?
because it barley makes local news let alone national news. When a kid dies in North #philly is it any less tragic?
that's like $1 a foot.
Less than a month full my BIRTHDAY>>>>>
It reflects poorly on me that you're my friend
if you were wondering, I have no relation to that I know of...
I love watching DWTS. And when my two kids are sleeping , mommy gets to relax.
hahah ok , sure
I'll let you see the citation in French tomorrow. It's too long to post on here or DM.
“: the two bad things about moving in August: sharing a bathroom and not being close to a McDonald's <U+0001F61E>” RUDE.
Because running isn't something you're supposed to KEEP DOING. Give it a rest already. Subscribe to Burrito World.
Foursquare celebration w library customers - chkin, become mayor and receive a "perk". Fun idea!
why are you so cute? por kay?
Storms moving through right now. We have the latest on 7News at 6:00.
my $25 itunes gift card purchase thru upromise has the option for either a 6 or 12 month financing plan...
Riding around wit homies
"I dont want perfect, i want real. " Well your as real as it gets. Your what i want and what i need, your a gentleman :) <3 xox
lol at least u tried..if I hear briley airport wreck or donelson n tha same sentence I gotta check Mama Bird..my neck of the woods
ha! RT : A4. In physical or mental reality?
It's Like That...And That's The Way It Is...Huh!!! #Classic #Dopeshyt #weedropweerock!!!
#IWantToHave some ice cream
No BBM on IPHione! I am a iphoner now.. Come to the light.. smiles..
MaZe1eR hey bro did the mighty crowns dunk officially drop today bc I read via Nike website the highMlDe
Write a song @ 7am. Record it by 1pm. Mix & mastetr it by 6pm. Global email by 7:30pm. On radio & in clubs by 10pm.
Lmao... That's like a guy w a 3inch dick talmbout "yea baby u know I got that footlong!"
Hey, I just responded to your comment on Muse. Let me know if you'd like me to remove your tweet from the article -- no problem.
so many exotic peruvian adventures already!! including petting stray cats?
Try not having a phone for an entire year. Just try it.
I give printed editions of #newspapers only 5 more years of existence. Sorry seniors, watch #wgntv for stale news. #24/7newsbytwitter
We have the whole crew at the field today. Much love
#%&# should I follow my head or heart :-(
I really only cruise the web looking for inspiration. I love stumbling across articles like that one...
Crud - Oberon beer is seasonal. Who knew? Off to find a suitable game beverage.
requesting prose on the awesomeness of beer instead of gas industry news please.
Be at the gypsy fest in clifton on saturday, i perform at 3PM. Come see me perform live. Hopefully all my "REAL" supporters will be there.
(For the record, I did teach a 2 hour comp class in between troubleshooting & fixing that problem)
Stepping on a Lucky Charm and feeling like a cereal killer.
$1 Draft Beers for our Twitter Friends today after 4pm. First 50 people through the door after 4pm get a $1 draft beer. Mention twitter
Sorry won't be posting parts today having health issues
biking is beautiful!!!!
I need a little bit of change. Gonna be trying something new.
Came away from the office Christmas party with a wine rack, $50, and a screwdriver. Awesome.
Whoot! Settled and ready to enjoy DC!
have to think the news of seau's passing is just the tip of the iceberg in this story with some of the revelations already coming out...
Premium or free? Did you get sponsored group accounts?
RT : they jus called me.. My tux is ready as well!
#gcyale 's preference for"hard" over "soft" censorship is related to "speech" and "conduct" line in 1A. (1/2)
can I get a callback...Sony vs universal pull a string for
Happy Veterans Day! Thanks to All of Our Veterans
Storms. Storms. Storms. :)
the work is from everyone! Tell the world!
you continue to show great courage. You are making Wisconsin proud. We continue to Believe in You!!! See you June 5th!!!
Peep this; Check out Valleylife Radio on reverbnation.com! W.reverbnation.com/valleyliferadio
Yeah, I use that for my music.
"Death Comes to Pemberley"
Austin office building Colina West (68,639 sq-ft) sold to MM-Value Investment Co. LLC. Avg rents were $14.45 N at time of sale.
heading out to San Francisco...Fun times ahead ; )
what's the matter?
Good idea! Today has been a "upgrade the website day" anyway - might as well get this done now.
Great hint Richard, lat/lons are just centers of circular areas cards will be located in. anywhere within circle is fair game
Akita! And he's not even large for that breed ;)
www.twitter.com/ZooAmp Check out our Twitter page we are having contest for free tickets to Tim McGraw right now! NHSocialMediaOK
#Norwood case goes "beyond hazing" according to Denver DA's office.
ypu working tonight?
You have a ping pong table right? Next weekend it's on.
Lmao. Ghetto talk Leo.
register for.Pre-Valentine Speed Dating Event only pay $15..www.tri-statespeeddating.com
sorry, we're fans over here ...
Yay!!!! Let me know if you get a response :)
Had the best day with #dphie love my girls and was the best host
drinking and playin poker at t bones I am gunna text u from a random number
Did this plane not land in Vegas? Then it is nowhere near to the worst flight ever. IT WAS AWESOME!
RIP #JimDuffy, you made Nickelodeon 90's cartoons the epitome of my childhood
Did he really? That's kind of bullshit.
Haha! RT : S/O your girlfriend :) ......breakfast was good
&&' my only dream is for Prince Royce to sing me a song on my 15! in Person ! xD it would be a total dream come true :/ <U+2665><U+2665>' <U+2665>'
COMING UP NEXT - CRY BABY ON THE DJ QUE ELEVEN SHOW
what you and your bro getting up to? any gigs?
So, halfway through the "preview" episode of #Smash, I think it deserves another chance. It's really pretty darn good this week.
#uCantBeToughAndSay that your ok when deep down your screaming for help!:/
is it still too late to Pre-Order Timescapes? Looking forward to the release of it soon.
completely understandable. May add you to fb later. :)
easy choice! Thanks joe
Boys will be boys... and so will most men.
Looking forward to hearing about your
Visited city dental clinic in Barcelona. Only cost 45 Euros for a temporary crown. Fast, painless, ultra modern. Spain's healthcare a dream.
Should've went to that party.
Come to 60 Upper College Rd, Swan 304 on FEB 21 7pm for a #URI student film screening and Q&A, check out the link for additional info!
Cloudy day in C-TOWN.... loves me some GA
Halloween plans? #zombiewalk in #check #howl #check #scarystories #check what are you doing?
Theres a place I want on my shirt.They make the yummiest dessert! Their cupcakes r the BEST, no fakery! Oh how I LOVE !
oh wow. Well that's...wow. I am surprised. Thought you were all gungho about getting a job.
Chris Jones is going to blow minds tonight on !!
How is Day 2 going for you?
I saw what you did there.
WIN 2 tickets to Rascal Flatts! Just one week left to follow us for your chance to win. Winner announced Oct. 1
"It's August 1...what have I DONE this year?"
Please if you find the video of him saying he's bi tweet it! My friend & I have been trying to convince stupid ppl this! (;
The investment world is worrying too much about foreclosures. It is all political hype, spawned by Cuomo
Happy belated birthday!
Just wrapped up an afternoon long mtg bt VOICE board and a potential funder. This deepens the work with VOICE & NOAH, both part of Gamaliel
Hey - thanks for the email updating me on my departure gate. Sadly your update of Gate 76 is quite far from Gate 67 in Houston.
#GoVikings <U+0001F603> just like u said. Good deal!!!!
I'm the "brutally handsome" guy in jacket right behind you.
Thanks, bro. It'll be a Metal Knee. So that's be cool in away. METAL To My BONES! \m/
okay holmes
Captain Skyro Launch Trailer: Captain Skyro is now available on Google Play and the App Store! Read and ...
You're not up right now, Chicagoland. But if you are, take two steps outside and appreciate this perfect weather. Welcome to Santa Cruz.
#20thingsaboutme 20. Last but most importantly, I am a Christian and I love God with all my heart. <3
I'm getting the trinity symbol from the bible on my shoulder blade :D I'm so excited!
Thankful to have that at least. I'm going to the NCPH conference, which has a digital projects showcase that I'm excited for.
Was just coming home. And what a day to be here! Beautiful!
i am a full time college student soon to be living on my own again, with an internship and a job, i need to save moneyyss
In #OklahomaCity #text MODELVIP to 90210 for info on instruction & placement services from VIP Model Club. #Mobile #marketing works!
I think, aside from a hockey Frozen Four or something special in men's hoops or football, the big milestone at AFA will be a women's title.
2nd spam of the day ! <U+0001F621>
"As far as I can tell, they never get up before noon unless it's a national emergency, like my leg hair."
why didn't se apply. I got accepted one year but decided not to go
": let's get up and watch the game tomorrow somewhere!!!!"RT: I got my lil man Bruh. We do need to link up tho!
Welcome Daniel Casey.
My morning just keeps getting better and better :)
Also added: Nobody's Token and North Coast! Woo-hoo!
psyched for two days of #edUI!
Someone to tell it to is one of the fundamental needs of human beings. ~Miles Franklin
I haven't felt this way in such a long time. It might be temporary but it feels so damn good. =D <3
Lmao ": Who the hell is that inbreed every time the #Lakers are at the foul line he is yelling. He probably sleeps with his sister."
yea iite..not tryna hear it!
Sleeping every class >>
It's probably better not to ask. Turkey baster?
#KYDerby138 #derbyonnbc we missed several hours on NBC due to Derby party, have tivo'd to watch this wk.
(: haha how are you
Great Networking breakfast with the Dulles Chamber this morning! Met many new friends!
snow's coming, and chili's on!
I would like to thank everyone for their vote and support. I also want to thank my wife, Beth, and all of my family for their support too!
At charlotte airport waiting, my flight to Columbus-Ohio , 4 round of !
Ayoade's feature "Submarine": strong recommend.
BUILD clergy mtg begins with Yom HaShoah - Holocaust remembrance day. We recommit ourselves to opposing evil and working 4 good
where are you going for your birthday ?
I might be having a bad day, but im not going to broadcast it to people so they feel bad for me.
I think it's time to lighten up a mood a bit... and my hair!
just spent three hundred dollars on a riding helmet.
Awesome! I'm glad you enjoyed! -Your friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man.
do we need a special pass to her into Big Bills keynote?
My boi just lost his girl & baby to a fire last night. Please keep 'em in your prayers. May they RIP.
What makes me happiest right now is the ministry in which even in death Whitney's life has provided to the world.
Chevy! Never a Ford!! Just not from hubler.
Kerfuffle is my new favorite word
brb working on some server upgrades to make our site better. :>)
are u sitting on the toilet or just hungry
Don't B afraid 2 give up the good 2 go 4 the great
#CraigOwens is back in #Chiodos? Didn't expect that at all.
Don't say, "If I could, I would." Say, "If I can, I will."....Jim Rohn
I just fond out that I have volleyball game on Halloween, boo:(
I'm the type to tell ya daughter things
Needs to be more specific. Talking about sin in relation to just being gay is different than convos abt relationships or sex.
Follow us on Instagram keyword: kinetikmetal.
What triggers you to shop?
you coming to the celebrity game Saturday?
A woman is on the floor changing a diaper in the computer section at B&N :(
''Devon need to put his shirt down'' ''Idc of ur opinion'' ''fuck u'' ''im just kidding, give me a hug'' ''you always be doing this shit''
Cleveland auto show
RT Gas prices are dropping again. Average price for a gallon of gas in CA is $3.87, down about a nickel in the last 2 weeks.
Cheetah tongues make the best mosquitobite scratchers.
Christmas is almost here! Make sure to hang the mistletoe! ;)
idea for a bit.. "Scott's Got Talent" Where we try to find a talent for Scott at the "Block Party Shows"
They should let me shoot the Lord Knows video.....
penelope cruz
Cranky K is cranky. You have been warned.
give me head , till i'm dead !<U+0001F632>
Wish I was getting my Insanity on but this girl is at an audition on this fine Saturday morning! :)
how u just going to lie like that u went to kingisland
I found my Goose! We will be unstoppable! RT : It's only appropriate if you now call me Goose.
Home run Carlos Gomez!
oh but it does
Just found Foucault's Power/Knowledge in the religion section of this book store...
RT Great time last night hanging with my & friends at Thanks everyone!
oh, youch! Good luck at the podiatrist's!
Paddington is a very obedient bear, they'd know it was me. And he's not on twitter.
thought I had to poop. all I did was fart in the toilet.
The only book character that I really wanted Alex Pettyfer to play was Jace :P
Bout to go hoop on this niggahs lol
office and client props good. Thanks for checking in.
Good is the enemy of best
Ready for a long day of hockey!
I can't wait till the heats in the 90's so we get out of school early. But we have air conditioning, so it's even awesomer
Just a week left until the launch of the RepeatReceipt App. Just in time for
yeah glad I decided not to go down that road.
In Spanish (: HMU
Thanks for the RT!
If an alum was hoping to see Wiky coaches roundabouts lunchtime, where would she go in the Embassy Suites?
oh yea, wht up ma.... wya thug?
Alright we will!
- Of course after tears down the entire North wall, the bldg is now "a threat 2 human life, health, safety"
Formulating some new recipes today!
you would. <U+0001F609>
Thank you for always sending great 'WORDS' of encouragement. I really appreciate you & your support~BAMM.
Hams workout tonite. Lying leg curls, stiff leg deadlifts, one leg curls. 45 deg lying quarter curls. Calves with my baby
HEY!! We are working on merch designs! Follow for more updates! #StayTuned :D
Good find- I thought GMT would have a copy for people to download, but glad you found this.
aw what did you eat? are u guys having fun watching the game? wish i could be there but need my beauty rest :) :)
is counting on Radiolab to counteract the brain cell erosion from my gift-scription to OK Magazine. Delusional?
moms talking that shit this morning so I'm just riding around smoking
Reading for preliminary exams has commenced. Until late June, I will have my head buried in a stack of history/science books. Wish me luck!
Very much appreciated! : #FF The smart girls!
When you are alone you are all your own. -Leonardo Da Vinci
Thanks for the RT.
Voter Registration today at City College at the Community Service & Volunteer Fair in the Rotunda from 12 to 2pm.
My 11:11 wish is for to follow me<3 wish to meet him oneday
oh lmao im out of it
. is AMAZING on #DWTS and she looks absolutely magnificent for her age! She has my vote!!! <3
TODAY Oz is giving out FREE Mongolian Beef lunches to the first 100 customers between 11am-2:30pm. Hope to see you here!...
IM JUST AS EXCITED AS YOU FOR AUSTIN'S LA CONCERT CAUSE I LIVE THERE AND IM GOING PROBABLY! I CAN'T WAIT!! GAHH CAN'T BREATHE
Awesome day of Golf. Fun softball game. Cornhole party to wrap it up.
Shoutout to go follow her, her tweets r pretty sweet
Speaking on 3-9-12 @ ACFE Lehigh Valley Chapter on Why the Fraud Triangle is No Longer Enough to Battle Fraud. Go Crowe!
Good Morning! Happy Pi Day! How will you be celebrating?
Thanks for the follow keep up the good work
Sitting next to 2 guys at a bar. The 3rd friend shows up with his girlfriend.
2ND WINNING PICK - #NFL WEEK 5..BENGALS/RAVENS..#TAKETHEOVER (42)..THIS IS NOT YOUR FATHER'S RAVEN TEAM..THESE GUYS SCORE, SO WILL BENGALS!
Haha lol wierdo im listening to "I remember me" by jenifer h. on da tv... da station channel :)
awww, thanks for mentioning the show :) some old masters at work coming up
You're welcome! Thank you as well
Reason 68588 - you have a hole in your face now. LOL
#ShbeeepT.. Perfect not Prefect!!
Word, next time we on one fam!
If you can't beat 'em, fight 'em.
GUIDELINES UPDATE: New R&D guidelines now posted! Deadline May 16. Draft for review accepted up to 6 wks prior
UGH NO. The new layout is awful.
morning alex (:
I did see that! In the theater waiting to see Hunger Games. I was into it. But you're right... it seems destined to be underwhelming.
BACK TO LA WE GO!
Can't wait for some #TribecaFilmFestival!
The evidence of high-stakes learning. MT : "This place smells like unwashed bodies and fear" @ UCLA Powell Library
good FNX song choice!
me either -________-
Now: Joni Mitchell by the pool. I like a day where my biggest chores are choosing music, throwing sinking toys for swimmers, & feeding them.
That wouldn't be too bad...
Maradona & Charles Barkley = highest entertainment value of retired athlete in all sports
This cow could go for some bull right about now - RT Go find a cow. cause i'm sick of your bull.
Four Tet at Doug Fir - awesome. Loved the opening act, too - Nathan Fake. Lovely walls of sweet sound from each gentleman.
thinks is the shit. He's like a breath of fresh air amongst all these whack ass "My chain, My chain.." rappers**coughGucciManecough**
she's a squirter
Dog pile at the end of spring show with the best team of OC cheerleaders. <U+2764> \m/
On to the next
Thanks Kate! I love your face! I hope to see you at the tweetup tonight, mayhaps?? ;)
You're welcome
Your hairdo is still majestic!
#nom! I want that!
Ha! Both RT“: haha. Literally, figuratively, or both?”
Bahahaah omg i just died! arent they hideous??? like i wouldnt talk to anyone who wore those lmaoo
well thanks for putting my dirty cleats under my bed. Appreciate it.
Happy Founders' Day to all of my beautiful Sorors, especially my Mom!
thank you! :)
Anybody need a roommate??:/
gotta understand it's a deal both ways. Especially in basketball. Bo woulda signed a different player a year ago had he known.
Party Down is great. I stayed hard thru 7 episodes.
THANK GOD 4 GIVING ME LIFE
It's ok we all eff up from time to time! No worries!! : ) good luck!
New boyfriend again ms. Tisdale? Well is it just me or can anybody else feel the sparks between Ashley & her new boyfriend Martin Johnson?
Check out on !
Thanks to The Week Magazine for the love!
I found it!
why did I expect you to say that?? Lol byebye :) goodluck...
I used leave in cond., hair wax, gel, hairspray and scrunch spray...its a lost cause
Had a dream that I was the lead in a play that you adapted from The Language of Baklava. :)
The world may never know...
Bought a Lenovo laptop in April.
MT And I thouhgt it was only age RT : RT Eating foods with high fructose corn syrup zaps memory and brain power.
I fucking love you ! I feel so bad being ghost. You have no idea :'(
Friend just said, in response to me saying that I was getting up at 4 am to see Kate&Will's wedding-"Y'know,I've only seen that show once."
While taking pictures, I must refrain my inner girl from making a duckface.
can I seriously smoke then play in your curly hair?
editing, sorry. :)
Screaming kids in the pool could be annoying, but I'm just happy to hear someone using our pool
I see got jokes today!!!
When they jump around in the program at competitions<
Bad brat! Eat something better! Like sugar cereals! Lol
I am great! How are you?
hahahahaha post the video!
Just joined.
that's ridiculous how are you on the phone at the same time?
I was a cold dude I'm gettin back to my ways (drake v
I must admit I've never tried that lol... Kinky
New videos coming this summer 2012!!Get ready!
promises to review items on her blog, then steals the item! Beware of StacieinAtlanta - she is a thief!!
I'm for team with most points...if ya didn't understand da safety call in 1st quarter you'll not understand my strategy...
Catching up on the convo. Thx 4 the nice comments. Our team just follows 's lead!
oh hot damn
hate that I missed the party last night. I'll be there next time for sure. Looked fantastic. Appreciate the invite
wow thanks! So humbled.
The Lake Erie Islands sure are freezing this time of year. Thank God for local coffee shops & gingerbread lattes.
WBHuie exhibit is coming together!!
My students are my strongest advocates - Diane Chen
Dawid, you are my ray of sunshine in this chapter.
Thanks and for being our newest Barkitecture sponsors! This year's gonna be the best ever!
and also learn to be less driven by instant gratification #planning for long term is so important!
do bears shit in the woodz?
I would never bring my camera to the party lol
“: hey how do I log out I dno how.” haha!
So when are doing Pittsburgh Craft Spirits Week?
defff #2 was easier .. Want me to send you how I did it?
Ruth's Chris-bound for one last work meeting before full #Coachella preparation madness takes over.
RT : Tim Lott is about to take the stage with Jason Wood from in room #8 at the
it was really cool for just 1 tix
Problem with guy's n girls -> guys pretend to like you when they don't. girls pretend they don't like you when they do
you need an unlock not a jailbreak to use T-mobile service.
Here we go: Sara &Sean Watkins on stage.
Thank you everybody who donated over the weekend. On Wednesday look on City Hearts facebook for the winner of Lunch with
RT Driving to Southampton. ETA 2:12 PM using Waze - Drive Social
Jump into the middle of things, get ur hands dirty, fall flat on ur face & then reach 4 the stars.
Should kof13 be best of 3 all the way through the tournament or should winners, losers, and grand finals be best of 5?
Work work work!! ;)
In about 6-weeks from here Giles and Joyce have sex. Wouldn't know it from this scene.
Job interview with Seven Questions this afternoon... now, what on earth will those Seven Questions be?
ew why the fuck is your boyfriend and that slut doing hearts overt twitter, watch out cuz shell prob sleep with him
The mani pedi place we're at is playing bob marley and I never want to leave.
Enjoy y'all day people. God bless
Ready for fall and some Pumkin Spice Cookies- yum!
see, this is gold right here.
#11:11i want her to be all mine.
Wish you were at #BALLE2012 conference!
History was never made by thinking, I'll do it tomorrow.
I can't wait till wednesday omg
students & adults get started in the process. Would love to connect if you're interested. Lots of great overlap!
:) have a nice weekend!
Listening to #werq out on that stage.
I'm not a big hockey fan either, I'm a casual observer of NHL playoffs. Been to 1 NYR game, still haven't made it to Caps game.
In Santa Fe for an important shoot. I got here 4 hours before the time. Yes, it's like Christmas for me.
Great job! All the best in the upcoming events!
how are you ?!
I might cook up some beets. ..so I can say, "My beets are cooking" and a variety of other puns. I've got a pun in the oven.
Apparently it's #NationalWingDay! Did you know we have Hot Wings at Kuko's in Regular, Lemon Pepper, Garlic and Hot & Spicy flavors?
Couldn't be simpler: Visit the details tab on any taxon page & hit "add an article to this page". PM me if you want to chat.
If your girlfriend tells you tonight I'm going to make all your fantasies come true and she thinks she's involved, she's delusional
thankss now i needa get to follow me ';D
thank you so much!! i'm so glad you enjoy them! organic sneak peek photos to come! :)
Using the same method as I travel slowly up to the thighs trailing soft kisses on that golden flesh as I go along my way. :-)
Steeler game anouncer Randy Cosgrove resigned. Who should be the next Heinz Field game anouncer voice ?? ?
yep. one of the few Dwarves i 've seen before … if you've never seen Bloody Sunday, check it out. great film and performance
If you are just tuning in, the NL Central is Caddyshack & the #brewers are Rodney Dangerfield. GO!
#20ThingsAboutMe I've honestly never been on a REAL date.
Wow my God I havent been on Twitter in a month!! My lifes been blessed!! Back on track with Twitter!! God bless you all!! =D
The new regime in charge of Egypt is crazy...I wonder who would actually take the govt up on that offer
You don't look different but you have changed. I'm looking through you - you're not the same :/
I'm a little late to it, but xfactor is awesome and Rachel Crow is amazing.
Hook'em horns!(:
You are more than welcome.. such a beautiful woman inside and out:)
Welcome to the
The Library Foundation of Los Angeles is an organization that raises funds to support the Los Angeles Public Library.
What a rainy start to this week. Don't forget your umbrella today!
lol -- just mean RT Tsonga needs a coach. Based that match, appointing Bellucci or Andreev would be an improvement on situation
We Are The In Crowd, Secret Secret Dino Club, Rival Summers and more at The Legion Hall in Rochester tonight! 6pm come hang out with us!
black or white iPhone?
Women,men like new pussy & will cheat on you just to experience new pussy even if the new pussy is bad,worthless,& ugly!
Oh my I want to eat my screen! ~T
The #Celtics winning the rebounding battle so far.. But with Pierce on the bench no offense..
I wish SOMEDAY I could be Mrs. Alyssa Nicole Holmes Justin Drew Bieber LOVE ME LOVE ME hHEHE GET BABE;)!!!$#
It shouldn't. He shot and killed an unarmed kid. At the very least this trial should happen and he should've been arrested.
I was appalled to see a bunch of people in a bar in MI wearing blackhawks jerseys. ugh.
smh we got plenty of witnesses
oh I mean basil not pesto! ;)
Kudos Judge Hatchett!
Right on cue rickie!
History channel all day son
- Been a while. How's everyone doing?!
So my almost 3 years old son just told me.."mama you eyes is pretty"
the video is cancelled love, but we still cummin out 2 party wit ya'll 4 sure
i just blew my nose and almost blacked out. things are looking up!
USA's Nese Malifa having a hard time hanging on to the ball. Rain becoming a big factor here
Patio party at CopperTop good food, drinks,people and dj cyn its beautiful out come by after u
If my friend described me how Christina Hendricks describes SJP, I would end things.
we might leave you over there
We don't need someone to eliminate the debt if we have someone in office who can literally consume it. Chris Cristie
i used to have a roleplay account on fb :)
Brewers game tonight at 7:10 against the Reds= $2 hot dogs and $3 Louies and Damsel cans! You can't beat a deal like that!
NYC Musetechies, how many of us are still here, and what prank can we play on everybody who's gone to #mw2012 ?
Please vote for the public option. Some of your constituents support it STRONGLY.
thanks for following - we're going to check out your show now. Do we need to get tipsy first? ;)
For who ever is takin finals have fun fuckers ill be cookin while ur stressin out
-bout to take my phanny back to bed tho'
you totally inspired me. Would love to get more #PR insights from you.
Wearing purple for #epilepsyawareness today. I've been epileptic since I was nine years old, and lucky enough that I can manage my condition
I woke up with sex hair, but didn't have sex.
Wait a sec...is there no H-US-in-the-world?
Today's gonna be fun ^_^
okay whatever.
Will Vikings go for LSU d-back?...hm
doesn't understand why they have braille buttons on the drive thru at the bank ATM.
Don’t expect a joy ride because the lid is blowing off. The west turned a blind eye, but the report was prophetic, with key evidence.
Whoa, really??
Why does Love Always Feel Like A BattleField</3
did you repot on the 500k Neumann got on the past 6 months? Sorry, I missed it.
Murder suspect&#39;s trial delayed
Do as I say, not do as I do...signed, Google rules committee. Geez...
My pleasure!
Yes. I'm aware the site is down temporarily.See retweet from my hosting service. >:( (I don't think there's an emoticon for helluv mad.)
“: I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way”
Where did you go to college?
thanks same for annmarie
Two drinks in and I am already feeling it. At this rate I'll be out by 8:30.
Craft the only Buckeye that looks like he wants to be there today
Everytime I lay in bed all day and do nothing, it feels like a waste of day.
I see your face and I can breathe
Use our search function, it took our engineers a long time to build. Has metadata mapped correctly. #sparc_binfield :)
love it
They say that from the instant he lays eyes on her,
& you can't see what the story is fundamentally about: Martin being killed. But good luck smearing Trayvon post-death
Tough d now #ku ... Ohio St unraveling
I'M HIRING ! : Web developer with super knowledge of PHP, MySQL and jQuery ! CVs @
wtf is going on on espn right now...dancing bimbos, a special guest not even a baseball player, and no mention of the WS champs
I like giraffes
I got you back girl <3
Melo is the difference maker -- if he has a monster game, they're in it. Anything short of that, even w/ Lin, is a loss.
Biology with (:
Congrats to our friends on raising 850K at your signature "Grace Notes" Gala last Saturday!!
Anyone want to play ultimate tonight at 6?
You cant always have your cookies and cake
King Felix doesn't disappoint. Ever.
Yall know, before, Matt was really skinny tho.
Day 2 of #scriptfrenzy. Still on schedule. 8 pages done. The two sisters are about to get some very bad news courtesy of psychic grandma.
that's what "Awesomeness" is all about! We have a great team!
Love ya girl. Always rOckin the hottest shiiz!
Nothing says Sunday better than IKEA
New Twitter background! I am more excited about this than I probably should be.
yes. you told it how it is aaha
Took a nap slept good and still feeling sleepy
Anyone miss me?
South Korea banned our scouts from its stadiums? BAH! That's like banning Stephen Hawking from step aerobics classes.
Thanks man! So glad to hear : ) Don't forget to click the 'Like' button for us!
First batch of #homebrew is in the carboy for the next couple weeks. Can't wait to taste it!
They say love is in the air so i hold my breathe till my face turns purple.
It's hard to be in the world but not of it. That's why it's critical to have a genuine relationship w/Christ, not a religion.
Resistance to #SOPA proves coordinated citizen effort can defeat MSM who ignored it; we can rally and spread truth- ppl dont trust MSM
glad to know you're a futbol fan!!
Pats need to lose.
Reggie Miller preaching the
Quote of the day: "Rock n roll without the sex isn't rock and roll anymore. It's just Nickelback" (h/t Afternoon Delight )
nice job getting that done....two days past deadline
At some schools, it's a lot; at other schools, it's almost nothing (as in case of UT).
Oh yes, I would love pizza and cake for my birthday. Why don't we just go to Chuckie Cheese?
def. sounds good. You should come by apple hill park- I'm about to build a Bowled out concrete quarter an could use some tips.
Racism, that's the name of the game. And you couldn't escape that if you was David Blane
I wonder if likes my icon(:
Talked to Paul and he is just fine. Thank you for all of your messages. Hopefully beat the cubs again tomorrow.
"Let go of those who bring you down and surround yourself with those who bring out the best in you."
I must say I enjoy the daily laugh I get when calls someone out for something stupid or cliche on Twitter.
When I use it I create a class account & hashtag to channel relevant info. Helps to keep things on topic without losing fun.
my fam gone be on 106 & Park!! Me to
Oh yeah kanye.
Can't wait to spring forward. Don't forget to change your clocks this weekend. #daylight savings
Happy Birthday to my Twitter account, which turns 5 today.
what if we had a guitar player? We'd be close...
Epic summer weekend- rollerskating, go karts, waterballoons, bbqs, microbrews, marshmellow roasting, soccer, and it's April.
simply not true. We have done that and will again.
JET 708636CK DC-1100CK Dust Collector with Micron Canister On ...
Live WITHOUT pretending Love WITHOUT depending Listen WITHOUT defending & speak WITHOUT offending.<U+2665>
I followed washing/ drying instructions on a shirt and it shrank. It's a cotton tank, is there any way to unshrink it?
lets have a good week everyone
Just tell 'em to F-OFF, straight up, honest, to the point. ;) If you need a friend, I'll tell 'em FOR ya. ;)
Do you have something on your mind but not sure its the right idea? Well, give it a try. Try and fail is no disgrace!
Just added all the pics from the blood drive - THANK YOU for your donations! www.facebook.com/amli535
o foreal what u going to do for ur b- day
Swear I was in jail ! Ha , no sweetie not my time [YET] !
Articles, tips, ebooks, ecourses and more...they're all helpful but don't forget to take ACTION with all your newly discovered knowledge.
PR Tip: Focus your pitch on the problem. Turn “How to be Financially Healthy” to “How to Get Out of Credit Card Debit.” See the difference?
I don't care if you love or hate Nicki Minaj (), it's tough to deny how enjoyable her new album is.
shout out
Conceivable that Downs runs away with closer role?
Enjoyed meeting with you yesterday. Everyone: Phil is a good IT Training resource...plz follow!
lmao can't blame you haha, I'm obsessed with thriller and Billie jean
Us too! RT We're crazy about 's 1920s-inspired ensembles, all of which are perfect for a night out on the town!
Girl fuck with me stumble on a gold mine
Gabi Zarnegar shoots for Texas, puts the ball off the top of the OSU crossbar.
We should all be very clear about one thing, our business is not our life. Our businesses should be supporting our lives.
Jump around. Jump around. Happy leap month!
Dear Marketers and Advertisers, please stop putting QR Codes on cars (esp small codes).
Hey Chicago! Who will we see at the AP Tour at The House of Blues tomorrow?
this guy gets his own tweet.
Dang, that shoulda been Julie & Julia. That's what I get for trying to be clever.
#SM hello - I'm a fellow #writer and love your work
UM YES.
Jus out of curiousity have i lost my bestfriend the girl i could talk 2 about anything???
BTW, we really liked the Moo & Blurb booths @ PPE. Nice stuff guys.
not at all. We might be the only two though.
#10FactsAboutMe I am getting married soon. (yay!)
it's the amazing glaze, I can stop any time!!
#NP: Orrin Evans - deep solo piano reading of "TSOP," from forthcoming trio CD "Flip the Script." Watch for it.
These niggas cuffin these weak hoes, and they house a mess, with a sink full of dishes, and dirty laundry everywhere smfh..
Good for you!!!
hey yeah your reading this! arnt you;) well you should make my rainy day good aand follow me!(: <33 U!
"shipwreck of love"
Did you see the WoW thing I showed you, though? I could scroll of resurrect you and I'll be able to play more time with you.
what's your email?
Hm... so maybe I'm looking at this as skinning, as opposed to theming?
I am an official owner of my own business! Hoping to bring Kousagi Crafts to LC Farmer's Market this July!
I want a Valentine. Dinner movie roses and hot pornographic sex. Is that too much.to.ask.4
Oh me too! I <U+2764> bananas & miss them terribly... Even more than a cupcake!! OMG... Did I actually say that? Hahaha!
K, I'm gonna go cry now.
where's you go?
Nice. I so wanted to go to that, but had a conflicting appointment.
I like making cry >:)
“: looks yummy.” Celebrating Uncle Percy's birthday. Had a good talk with him today. He sounded like Grandaddy.
Turner field for day 3 of my amazing baseball weekend. A #Brewers win would put the icing on the cake!
Our new favorite neighbor is - thanks for the deliciousness!
I dont get why yr fellow boingers keep blogging about the "side projects" of paten toll Nathan Myhrvold as if he deserve support.
Getting ready for The Big Read events at Columbia...so cool!
- This weekend is Off The Clock's First Anniversary...live music Sat. night & give-a-ways all day Sun. Could we get a RT?
She my dancer, when she dance I throw her dollas
RT : Participant historians say that transcribing 19c texts makes them more intimate with their primary sources.
yesterday you were thisclose to changing my mind re: Pinterest, but then Lauren Conrad repinned me. Now, my life is complete.
bitch, you know you love this life.
Have a Wicked Weekend!
Everybody follow the REAL , not a fake one.
If you have questions for Author , tweet me or post on the Facebook fan page or email me.
I just love the completely contrived answers. But at this point...it is all like a fictional tv show to me.
he is, though he doesn't go outside so he enjoys it through the screens.
can smell the hushpuppies frying up right now.
Incense w/ #thevirginmary #Jesus & #Saints on the package! Only @ the 99 cents store. Who came up w/that?
Wrote a great one with Emma Grandillo and Don Huber. Now onto another good one with Cathy Majeski and Pamela Hayes!
Thx 4 connecting! For free 30-minute nutritional breakthrough session, contact me: www.eating4achieving.com. Best, Irene
Garlic bread disgusts me!
thank you!! XOXO!
ah of course. thanks for the kind words.
send your address to
Sorry i did text you and you never Texted me back :'( tear tear
Taylor Green is getting his eighth major league start today, and his first at first base. He's played 23 pro games there, two in 2012.
cleanin' other peoples houses are funner than cleaning your own ! !
New season leaked via - sad to hear Rudel shun his home company when it needs his support most
Take advantage of the tax credit at Lake Bluff with a luxury one bedroom condo for $219,900, with lake views! www.lakebluffcondos.com
Yes. Their cultural values meaning Bin Ladin values.
nine, then i'm going to the hookah bar. I havent been to the studio in forever.
I've been pretty happy with the ASUS UL30A.
Read our bio bitch. MATT HUNTER FOLLOWS US, get it?
Such a beautiful day out
"Parents told their baby on 'no-fly' list, pulled from flight" #yahoonews Al Quaeda is training them young!
horrible mood. i dont even care, i want left alone.
honestly oscar i love boxing but the big fights arw not there like they used to be when u was fighting one one left but
I'm sorry I won't be in today. I have to rescue my friends and save the world (again).
A book worth reading is worth buying. John Ruskin
thanks for the shoutie!:)
I just asked Paddington what the difference was between Chewbacca and Bobafet (sp?) and I think his head exploded
I would love to drive a celebrity tour bus & get that $$$ cuz I be handling them big trucks.. #DrivingOnEm`
Already trying to figure out how to get a bunch more because it is so fabulous.
Been jammeng to #FLAME ALL DAY LONG, I LOVE THAT SONG.
Super moon this weekend :0
We won't be 17 forever so we can get away with this tonight <U+0001F389><U+0001F388><U+0001F37B>
welcome home - consider the humidity a free sauna :-)
thinking about doing a weekly #gopro video... starting off with a
true dat. and makes it not unlike LinkedIn answers (which I still prefer for that sorta thing)
Jude told me he hopes I never get grownupnapped because he'll miss me.
Raw onions on my sandwich. Yum
Hoping to firm-up most of my #CES schedule today.
lost my hard drive cable. perfect.
I can't fuckin wait til monday!!! Me and this nigga got work to do!!!!
24 hour fitness.
#shoutout if you're still terrified to open a fresh bag of chips at your mama's house
Pop music is the Advil, blues is the vitamins
U Welcome And I'm been Following u.
I've been ok y tu
If #Bo Ryan could recruit a one and done, instead of a one and I want the hell outta #wiscy he wouldn't be in this situation.
Venture far from the Mall to eat. Don't miss the Sculpture Garden. And, of course, stand right, walk left!
Mad men!
Only pussy niggas block u n swear they 2 "real"....then post shit bout u 20 times a day hahahaha #fuckYCEE n every bitch nigga who rep it!!!
CP3 did that in Portland last year too.
If you love someone you better prove it Because love is not a noun to be defind But a verb to be acted upon<U+2665>
Louisville surprising early shooting three and offensive rebounding better than expected
Amen! Michel Gondry loves that film.
I can't keep doing this. I must stop before everyone else starts.
Melky and Pablo
Yea! Dave is the man!
No kidding. Good luck to the kid, but lord, what are you thinking, Shabazz?
Thanked you twice. How annoying! Sorry!
cool, thanks for the link.
where my at??
Is Twitter a bad place to propose?
this is true. Would you like to go down to the vacant apartment s later and procure illicit materiel?
Home my dad got lost we end up in east new york but then I found the way back home I saved our lives
RT IF YOU LOVE EVERYBODY
I haven't seen it either, but I really need to now.
Run with the joy of a dog off the leash.
Dm me your email so I can send some beats your way
#cara student Ricky M. secured a position as a production worker at Mars Chocolate through Staff Management! 67 of 310!!
Booklist subscribers, if you haven't already, stop by Booklist booth #1517 to activate Booklist online access - now included w/sub. 9-5 Sun.
and those Sonics, oh wait...
On December 21, 2012, I want to get a text message saying, "If the world ends today, I want you to know I love you
looks yummy. On the wAy to Vegas before Dallas renames itself Hotternhell
Armenians are to LA what Guidos are to NY
Finished recording the song, Santa's Littlest Elf has Autism, and I'm scripting the Christmas Progam details. Can't wait to help others
Now I'm going to have to hunt them down.
You could try a yoga mat over your carpet.
“: Ever notice how our minds play tricks on us? Fear makes reality seem so much scarier then anything really is.” -- so true!
Great Music equals Greater Times...PALI's music can be a soundtrack to YOU life!
RT We want to be Staten Island's premiere Embroderer/Screener. Our cliental is a who's who of Staten Island
So excited that has a twitter... was listening to Fallen and was thinking it'd be sweet if she did! <3
my room is like a freaking oven...
I didn't like his performance & he looks like he's in pain when he sings!
Thx Mr. Mac&Cheese #pancakes! “: #FF Foodies, be sure to follow and Great scoop on dining scene in
get shot?!? really gabby? :)
wanna be an ambassador for the largest campaign against human trafficking ever? (legit request)
no problem girl <3
haunt adjectival insistence like fr leavis? Or like Forster on Conrad suggest what's locked in cask of genius might be vapor.
there is nothing better in the world
Hi Ginger, did you get to see Frankie Moreno perform last night in Ravello? Yes! Frankie put on a fab show, always a great time <U+30C4>
i wonder what celebs dream about... haha
Enjoyed meeting great entrepreneurs networking event!
why do these types of movies always use the same shitty fonts to tell us we're in a different place? I guess helvetica isn't dramatic enough
I wish you a goodnight sleep!! Que sueñes con los angelitos!
If you smell smoke, don't worry, that's just my kitchen on fire.
I don't fight, I just train right now, but my boyfriend will be fighting soon.
i got you.... i got a clothig brand btw im thinking we can do some stuff to help us both
Got my property tax bill. In Ramsey County, my market value down 8%. My tax bill up 14%. That's $500.
My day was full of cute shops and laser tag. Now it's time to relax.
#Im4Falk b/c she'll do more than just "end the civil war" in #WI. Falk will fight to undo the damage Walker has done to our state.
20k probably not a huge stretch. Maybe 15ish?
Only 40 minutes left to get U.S. ROYALTY tickets at a discounted price! Come see us under our giant flag in Red Square!
Bars would be more pleasant if people weren't all shouting.
La Gitana brought out the tabla of torture out again tonight in class - sounds really good when you're in compas, but really bad otherwise.
Wish you had a twitter so you could see that status was about you.
yes!! Congratulations, guapa!!!
Thanks for the follow - looks like an interesting magazine!
agreed to free agency contract with the Vikings
First Of All I CAN DO WHAT THE FUCK I WANT ON THIS BITCH , I MADE THE PAGE SO THEREFORE I CAN WRITE WHAT THE FUCK I WANT!
Ok I have been at a golf match who won Chelsea or barca?
RT:#blackparentsquotes- slap . DIDNT . slap . I . slap . TELL . slap . YOU . slap . TO . slap . CLEAN . slap . UP ? MOVE YA HAND ! slap LOL!
Omg hi!!!!! How's it going? Having fun?
Omg only one more day of vaca!!!! Its going way to fast man!!! :O
fake. fake. fake.
What a great day. I am doing a family portrait session with the best neighbors in the world. 15min till showtime!
#WeWillAlwaysSupportYouAustin I Will Always Support You Austin<3 never forget that your mahomies love you and will never give up on you:)
all of them
Its funny how most everybody had over a few 100 tweets and I'm only almost to 100(:
we? How? Lol
CNN: Ray J found Whitney dead. 5 minutes later... CNN: Ray J wasn't even at the hotel where she died.
Hey mama I need your assistance in something! Super random lol Ill DM you
You're so sweet! I'm glad we made it into your top four. <3
I think the question is, who doesn't want them!
By the way...I'm eating a cinnamon roll while writing my last status.
Song 3: empty - tracks are sounding great
#ZAP the boys would visit
:) same here...just busy preparing for the Opening Night. You ready for the season?
should get hormones injected then have a breast feeding mo verses episode against Nikki Caldwell
James harden with the pretty finger roll.
Cutest guy on youtube ? Go follow him if you haven't ! You won't regret it<3
RT : Best quote today: "The best thing about this trip was making my mother smile."~ 15 year old, COI kid.
Thanks i am feeling much better and will be at the Bike from Wednsday April 11th good luck to you.
There's a brother at UofC who is working on this exact issue via a nationwide tuition cap campaign. I can DM his info if interested
Tick you are the true Avenger of evil, even if you are not in the movie.
Too bad you couldn't make it last night. It was one of the best we've had. Not saying those two things are connected ... ;->
ItCanAlwaysBeWorse although doesn't always seem like that when you're in the middle of the mess. Hang in there God loves you!
you have way more self discipline than me!
thats awesome. So do you any ruby on rails?
glad you're enjoying Hamlet's! So am I. Hope your talk goes well!
He's a gamer...I'm sure he'll be good to go!
Just as classless as #Lakers fans => RT : i dont care what any of you think of me! S/O to artest for not pulling a gun out
I really cannot chill with without being around or cause I don't understand her b.
Wow, totally cool!
Being cursed with fast growing beard genes <
frozen yogurt time!
2 years ago today, I married my best friend.
hey luke I have some original effects In mind but I don't know how to go about creating them!!
Gala aftermath... tons of follow up...my office needs cleaning...but I'm glad it's over.
I'm such a pack rat when it comes to anything my Grandma and Grandpa have given me. :(
Love is like a thief with a knife, you never know when it's going to hit you.
Me, too!!! RT : You know Dark Shadows came out today but you know what? I'm seeing Avengers again tomorrow.
sick.tired.upset :( im gonna watch a movie and hopefully fall back asleep, fuck today!!l ->KimBeezy<-
hi I love u can u follow me please
Sorry to disappoint but I was not in costume, ha. (I had come from a prior engagement.) Next time!
"You need to get a job"
That awkward moment when making Thai noodles turns into making a Thai pepper bomb on the stove. Still coughing a bit.
why have you withheld this information from me.
Some girls don't realize what they're worth, and some guys don't realize what they have.
Today's BTU inspiration: "No snowflake falls in an inappropriate place." ~Zen Proverb
so far Top Chef TX kicks ass! Have a good day, smile!
Late night seven eleven run <U+0001F61C>#badbitches Tehehe we' re so bad
SO happy you put that magazine in its place! There is no room in this world for that shit!
Surpise Skype with friends on the Attingham Summer School just otally made my day!
hey le
Either someone s been messing with my acct or Twitter has its own mind. Following some peeps again
Gotta love Tom Brady's 'sidehawk'! I can see Gisele telling him how to style his hair and him replying, "Yes, dear".
I cant hold back all these haitian niggaz.
Probably better that way.
Come meet our coworkers tomorrow at Pour House Pub! We'll be there 5-7pm. cc
Any locals wanna do their own headliner show?
: remembering the first day I broke down my moves for you / you learned well! enjoy your bobble head day today #gohammer RT
not too much different, we shall see how game plays. Skins and Eagles could jump
didnt no your ass back then
Just saw an ad that said "how to get your ex back." Somehow it translated in my brain as "how to run into traffic with scissors."
thanks for the follow colin..add us in your tweet and we'll RT
Long day.
You too!
Intstng GM was bailed out by "we the people" & they pull $10M of advtsng in dramatic fashion days before FB IPO?
If we ran into these situations, we chose the variation that appeared to be most commonly presented
"You're visions will become clear only when you can look inside your own heart" -C.G. Jung
Great week with the contract posiiton in Marietta, Ga. We completed the strategic plan and the operating plans have been distributed to st…
This is awesome, thanks for sharing!
I'm addicted to #twitter updates!
Do you still need a designer?
And what is proper? Should iPad go to mobile or desktop?
I will be handing out pre-denied job applications and bars of soap to everyone who asks me how I'm "celebrating today."
Yo its judgment day.....ima pass this eoc with atleast a C
it was not boring. It was a lot of fun.
OMG . RT : #youresowhite your windows have blinds AND curtains.
Not going to be able to sleep tonight #ohwell #someonecomeover <U+0001F60A>
CUNY J-School for life. Made amazing friends.
Jesus Love Me!
YOU! Amazing show tonight! You absolutely rock!!
Just another rainy day went the movies & saw hop it was better than I thought I would be over the break.
Thank God for making me funny.
Hey peeps, this Saturday The Enclave will be at Yayo's Tacos. Free event from 6P-9P
Signs u may be replaced as #soccer coach: Team gives you end of year gift card after 2nd game.
play-acting just as bad as fouling. Player's union should be the one's driving this not FA & not refs.
ohh you have fun too in Cali!! I'll txt yu wifeyy! Have fun getting up at the crack of dawn :)))) haha
Nathan Ryan Is On Stickam :)))))
Watched the outsiders with & It was one of the best movies ever! Stay gold Ponyboy! :)
You need to get a shop here in NYC
I think I literally hate every song on the radio.
very very important distinction. “: "a pivot is a change in strategy without a change in vision." - #sbcamp”
christian. lets party.
You mow your own lawn?! RT : Gotta mow the lawn for the first time of the season. Wonder if the old iPod still works?
I like 's Good in Goodbye. What about you?
Thanks for the RT, Mickey.
I'm here so I'll see you soon!
It was courage, faith, endurance and a dogged determination to surmount all obstacles that built this bridge. John J. Watson
After many years of airport dining denial, the time has come to resign myself to the fact that Manchu Wok food is gross. Is it even food?
Hello beautiful people.
when is the networking event from?
is freaking amazing!
It's been a hell of a day and it's not even 4 yet
Knew hs teacher yrs ago who told me horror stories of good kids being dumped because they were inconvenient.
OH and i kinda sorta set up my flickr lol.. its on my pg; add me! :D
Sleepy day at work
will you be coming back to NC this year?missed you,william was sick and had tickets in Durham.
Reasons I am happy : 1) Big Ravens W last night. 2) Fall menu starts today! Meaning meatloaf, pot pie, chopped steak salad are all back!
long day today time to lay down and eat icecream
In homeroom again its the end of the day!
Rain delay yesterday, he didn't come back out last night after, so they let him out of his crib to play again today
igtg i love u so much gn
Nothing better than eating some at some fast food restaurants!
oh, I'm not complaining
My mom is guna kill me for giving her good umbrella to my brother but he walked me to the car after church and didn't have one
thanks for the RT
thanks for the RT!
Wish we could attend #SXSW this year, but we wish everyone luck and to have A BLAST!! We'll be there next year! ;)
you never know!
Finally! :D
u dont like to b alone
The model shoot went great today:) Now eating at Kabuki in Burbank.
This drive is sofa king long
Crystal Bell: 'Revenge' Recap: Goodbye Sammy Sweetheart: They say that when it rains, it pours, especially in the Hamptons. Emily is ...
My laptop charger decided to completely die in the middle of me finishing page 9 of a 10 page paper I had to write. Fanfreakintastic!
Burning both ends of the candle (and everything in between LOL). No, I wouldn't have it any other way! EN FUEGO.
Allen and Delancy is now Mary Queen of Scots
Prepare to tailor your style every six months for fashion maintence
Dear "SEO Specialists", and online marketeers - Posting "news" just now about Charlie Sheen when it's 5 hours late is as LAME as Charlie is.
. the dog days are over, my friend.
A nice day!
feeling that song u did 4 ODB. much love
I want to read the hunger games book so bad!
RT : RT : Man, it's another one of them BEAUTIFUL days in tha Duke City!
Awesome! I know you are gonna love it! Thanks!
Working Chevelle tonight. S/o to #Estelle for calling me cute. Ran into a lot of hip hop figures at last night show.
New Destination Truth tonight - a haunted location in the desert :)
Oh yes. I do not have to go into work anymore. Someone loves me up there.
I indeed feel blessed...thank you kindly Brit <U+0001F603> “: well good!! That's a blessed thing:)”
Jay Beagle broke his foot in Game 5, according to GMGM.
we're just script kiddies after all, right? What about script kiddie designers?
Im tired of making others happy before I cam smile with myself. Ever feel like that?
Just got back from the river w/ ! :D
US gov spoke against intolerance disguised as hatred/bigotry etc. Burning the Koran would have ignited riots everywhere.
Theres a guy next to me with an animal print scarf
Seriously. #MarcAnthony needs two big servings of Mofongo.
#rageface all day everyday
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Tuesday 03/13/12 is Dan, Sally and Ian!
Grossest Pc ever.
Had a dream last night that Fred Durst was chosen to direct a remake of Fried Green Tomatoes. No clue what the meaning behind that one is.
International relations
We love #MusicMondays ! What are your kids listening to?
If you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you. If you really make them think, they'll hate you. ~ Don Marquis
half hour in already. Janelle is still a hot flaming mess!
Hm. Off the top of my head, I just read Very LeFreak by Rachel Cohen. There needs to be more YA bi-focused lit!
Thanks again for the mention before!
thank you (:
You should probably stop going to that restaurant. : )
lol lets go
Had a teacher I trained share her journey of the tornado via iMovie. Almost too much! We're all blessed to be here!
Sorry, , just now seeing Young Adult. It rocks my world...did you go to my high school?
Can't sleep!
easy to spot with that hair :)
I think 's tweets are super lame but I still have a crush on him.
Well the boot stays for another month
Holy crap..
So glad it's #Friday! So excited for all the fun things happening this #weekend!! :)
we were supposed to close tonight. we're not. not just yet. that's pretty great.
How about a Startup Weekend in Milwaukee? Let's discuss using the hashtag #SWMilwaukee #startups Please RT!
If one were to find a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow..would the government tax you or the leprechaun that you stole it from?
You should always write your name on your underwear
oh cool
"to the last I grapple with thee; from hell’s heart I stab at thee" - Ahab had his whale,I have fucking radicals and exponents
Its always good to come out of a scrum when all the developers are laughing like mad scientists together. #webdev sharepoint madness css js
Austin, its been real but we must go home!
The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show tonight 7pm est on www.blaze.wwradio.net
All my successes have been built on my failures.
RT : RT : Good people! My film "The Color Of Acceptance" will be on ABC TODAY at 1 PM set your DVR- Indie film!”
i agree with you :)
RT : Tho you speak to me of madness...we will find a better way (John Denver)
'Co-opetition is the name of the new game.'
I was just surprised with 1D VIP! See you there?! :')
I agree can't remember the last time I slept till 8
hahaha that made me laugh ! Lol
now there's 4 of us, was up to about 8, plus 1 baby!
good students @ today's
The is back.
Thanks for the mention and I am following you now
cereal is the best college food
D.Rose got 32pts tonight!
Kick your candy bars & potato chip office vending machines to the curb and make rm for FITzee! Ready to move us in? Get in touch for more...
Why doesn't anyone DM me?
are you with still?! Are you guys doing a video together?!?! :) <3
Racecar drivers are taught "do not focus on the wall; focus on the road. If you focus on the wall, you will drive right into it."
Feels great to be hammering out new features every day again. We're building some killer stuff for you API nuts!
RT : Who says it doesn't pay to tweet? I won a $25 gift card from yesterday for following & RTing abt contest.
no worries at all man. Did you tear into the package I sent you yet?
I love nail polish so much!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Man I gotta buy some new polish...
Glengarry Glen Ross at next season too!
Its ok if your not Brazilian. God forgives you.
": Anyone know a website that will stream the Super Bowl & commercials for free?" <lol man get somewhere & watch a tv!
loved the show Bobby!!!!
Interesting! Our field tech said he left a kit, which has a bunch of booklets in a plastic bag.Will get you one ASAP!
word. Us girls need to show them we run everything.
ha. there's stuff besides baseball on tv this time of year?!
theres no recollection of the evil things ive done man I mustve had some fun!!
« what kind do you have? :3 but I want a cone with it! D:» and she come on a cone.
Seated for THE CABIN IN THE WOODS. Really stoked about this one - I've been able to avoid almost everything about it.
Going out tonite? Look your best with our BOGO sale! 50% off #mirabella makeup & #dermalogica skin care!
Bro you back in CO?
Going to school tomorrow, even though It's for 1st period and then we go home.
Everythings a GO!
Rainy days are boring days.
the one that you hunger for
Two more weeks of break and then its back to work...
Half Price sale going on now on all seasonal items
Haters don`t really hate you; they hate themselves because you`re a reflection of what they wish to be.
RT : Event Reminders 3/5 in NY, Minneapolis, St. Louis, Seattle, Tucson AZ, Boston, Washington-Baltimore, & Sacremento, CA....
You the you the best I ever had
We're awfully glad to have them
where you at
Do you know if the teams had their food flown in from Europe while in Motegi?
Great job on your speech at the Fight for Freedom dinner tonight.
Your back home:D Family of 5 once again!(:
Sheesh! What were y'all drinking?
the guy nxt door said u heard the nike air yeezy 2 is very limited folks R camping out i said OH kanye should make his albumS limited 2 smh.
I'm switching browsers (bye IE). The question is: Chrome or Firefox? Pros, Cons?
go big, gl today!
Top of the third inning and the Cajuns lead the Lady Toppers 8-0.
Got good news at work! :)
In the mood to watch an epic movie. Not Epic Movie, but an epic movie. Any ideas?
sweet, little-sis-in-law. Shelley will represent.
Feature on a teacher in Detroit on NBC Today show check it out
Jon Bonjovi is prettier.
"Your jewelry looks really cool. I am excited to get it!" Anna from South Williamson, Kentucky
Those of us at healthEscore are working hard to revolutionize the fitness industry. Stay tuned for more!
Gotta Get Up Bright And Early For The A.M. Jog. fml lmao
Apush review session... Umpiring at 1
It was warm, now it's cold again. Remedy: hot apple cider and bourbon. Happy holidays!!!
S/O to that dude The kid can cook a mean burger.
Half day at work, Swagat for lunch, and birthday tomorrow. Libertatis est bellus.
Sorry to hear about Hideki Irabu :(
Using, going out on, risking life and, or other? RT Writing about limbs.
Don’t judge me for my choices when you don’t understand my reasons..
Was it your plan to remove (in my opinion "steal") files off of our computers or was it just an accident?
"Let's begin this show by starting it."
What cops were using at UC Davis?
Good morning<3.
To be a TRUE player you need to know HOW to play.
id like to think of myself as a young elvis in the flesh or young hank its whatevss
I don't personally have any I products myself, but go for it!
Who? Obama? Are you kidding me? Have you even read the Manifesto?
I want to work for Olivia Pope and speak that quickly all the time!!
60 cemeteries were flooded to make the Lake of the Ozarks- 2800 bodies couldn't be relocated & are still underwater. WTF!!
“ I look at a bitch face before I look at her ass..”
Amazing you could hold out so long, Cheers!
Eat em w/ chz RT : I have about 90 unanswered emails and I really don't know what I'm going to do with them all. What do you?
#SanDiego knows how to start the new year off right. Loving this 80 degree weather!
I just finished a 2.85 mi run with a time of 32:48 with Nike+ GPS.
And here's the email from Lars' producer after the piece: "That was fun. Great radio.". Just so you know what it is all about.
Ha. It was pretty cool. I'm about to buy plane tic. Flying into Tampa Bay..flying out of..um???? Where?! ORlando?
After my monthly tally, it looks like last month's writing royalties will be covering my student loan payment this month.
being held in whales I thought the Ryder cup should be a mid summer thing!
Man I missed him I'm so sad he never does ustream anymore and I missed it:(
Rock Vs Cena is going to just Epic...
come play with peyton
I enjoyed hanging out at Rao's Bakery in Spring for an early dinner.
Poised Creation has heard your requests, we want to bring you music the way you want it!!!
My birthday is today :) gonna party it up haha.
#3WordsForYou take a bath.
Steaks on the grill tonight, baked tater and a salad
Oh lol! No you didn't look bad :)
Wondering why people collect lighthouses that were made in China?
arm is killing me :(
RI takes on CA tonight in the first round of the US of Improv tourney! Support your state!
Boneshakers bicycle club tonight!!!! Come see some indie fun loving folk collide with s. african reggae
dinner with my mommy was great ;D
Summer kickball team name "My Couch Pulls Out, But I Don't" Can't wait for the season to start!
It's storming! :-0
and again I say y'all are ADORABLE :) Awwh! True love! <3
I mean, even if you got 1million I ain't gonna congrat you! lol followers are just number they're ain't fans or friends!
its embarrassing how into Lana Del Rey I am.
There is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is having lots to do and not doing it
or follow me so I could dm u
I am so tired of #TamponCommercials #WTF NO its not just like a bandaid!
My VERY first tweet and VERY first follow goes to because he is my inspiration, and I love him (:
Fine and you??
LOL - I am sure!! RT : There's more than a few Mullen folks who can probably relate. Thanks for the RT!
I don't know if I'd say that PAINT YOUR WAGON deserves a critical reappraisal, but there's a *something* there, on a proto-Brokeback level.
Happy Friday my friend. I luv your youtube page! You are more than special. Stand tall.
Trying out hoot suite
Well aren't you the sweetest? PS. When do you move? I need a catch-up date before this happens.
Well I am partly ginger now just imagine it brighter and all over :L <3 <3
Im the most distracted person ever
@ First I use to care...But now I just Laugh! HA...HA...HA! L's Up!
Phone autocorrect fail. I'm pretty sure I'm not "into some gangster rape".
Downtown detour around Race for the Cure put me by Working Man's Friend. Was tempted to stop by for 8:45am double cheeseburger.
haayy boo<3 okay ,I'm on it!
Goodbye weekend, hello True Blood! Starting fresh and making my momma watch. Far superior decision to Twilight.
I love my Blackberry Playbook. If you use a Blackberry, you have to get a Playbook as well.
YouTube channel is up greenbaypackers73 Some SB party vids, some Packers bar vids...
Want to rewatch SECRET OF KELLS and blog about it. Can't till after midterms, sad day....
Supernatural has a twitter. BAM.
Got any flesh?
Lmao my sisters a trip........
you're welcome! ;)
not too soon Brady, accuracy can never be to soon.
My point exactly! RT : there are people that don't think Danity Kane was a failure? Didn't they only last a few yrs?
Time to start the annual tradition of pretending these Christmas decorations aren't here.
taking down the Chinatown Scarf for a bit to redesign! it will be back soon :)
Fantastic! You'll love it :)
It's crazy how music can make you feel inside. It is like words of the soul coming together to say everything you can't articulate.
Morning all. I'm tired but have to get outta muh comfy bed. How's everyone this am?
The block below me does one most years, my block cant cause we are on a hill.
Bouta smoke a bowl like yea!!!!!
Not gonna lie, feeling exceptionally down today. BUT-helped a little old lady across Wilshire, so there's that. is my witness!
Division X Records would like to wish you a happy and safe New Year.
WATCHING KIDS THEN WHO THE HELL KNOWS
"Do you ever feel like the guys at sonic are looking into your soul?"
we're excited too!
why is the question tho?
Stupid, spoiled, dumb freaks! This is what Washington, D.C., and Hollywood, even the idiot elitist press has done to our country!
I'm sick:/
Realistic expectations is not about having low expectations.
Realistically, it doesn't hurt to be good-looking, especially in this business
Congrats to Annette M. who won a $200 Honeybaked Ham GC from us & our Baltimore Area Chevy dealers!
"meet and greet"more of a sit and clap. My kid is disappointed, it was def not sold that way when deciding to buy season tix
“: Almirola finishes 19th. solid top-20 run for his first Cup race at ” thumbs up to partner!
I'm still awake... Just.
Had a really good weekend :) with , going to the cast party now.
reply to them then!
your on a bracelet
April Fools? right? i mean.......haha
I wanna go to a foam party
Can someone recommend a good book?
Just walked into the exhibit hall at #mgma. Vendors seem to be pleased with the traffic and quality of attendees so far.
Tutoring soon
Did you take cool photos at #WFX? Share them here with your colleagues and peers!
i'm a little behind on my WaxPo's...ima have to check for it.
RT : <U+2661>Give Extra Kisses to Your Children <U+2661>
Mhm! & it was actually just warm this afternoon!
we're all hanging out son , I miss you both <U+0001F61A><U+0001F49C>
Adding smiley faces to an argument to make the person more pissed off.
Woop! I Remember You From Your Hair! I Really Liked It! I Never See That Kinda Hairstyle Like Ever :3
The next person who comes up to me in a gym or airport and says "hey your team messed up my bracket this year" might get punched... lol
The green roof & green wall projects continue keep coming, we got a possible job as the 3rd party expert to evaluate a failed green roof
Kaito, ace ventura, riku, and more this weekend at #GMXv3 lets go!
im so hungry......=p i need sumin to eat
ugh.. u just failed me
You don't really wanna fall in love.
Very sorry to hear that, Erin. Condolences.
5k in approx. 35 min. 3 supplies collected. Two zombie hoards outrun.
Last day of school tamarrow<U+0001F604><U+0001F603><U+263A><U+0001F609>
Yeah I hate having to wear a knee brace everyday..:/
Flight to Austin delayed!!! Something about oil leaking from the plane. will have to wait. I've lost faith in #united airlines
Works on both.
on St Patrick's Day, consider GABRIEL'S TRUMPET, a Civil War novel about two Irish lads in Alabama and their encounter with slavery
To be successful u have to be willing to do things others wont do. Thats what seperates good from great, doing the little things 10% better
we will stop by! :-)
Its sad wen people stop fuckin with u for no resume or can't tell you why
RT : THE DEMANDS by is "crackling" and "Billingham never lets the tension lag" -
Yes, and my students think I'm mean. Okay, not really. Which video? Human Spirograph?
In a good way or a bad way? RT Reidy My bedroom smells like a bowling alley
If #homesalesintheATL are on the rise, what does this say about the #foreclosures?
okay babes..imma try to sleep...wish me luck babes :) I LOVE ME SOME U :*
I wish Obama would comeback at "record" questions with urls.
I am still in pajamas...I fear I'd require a ride back home LOL
On The road !
RT : Ended up having to postpone the game until Monday night.
Happy New Year!! Have a safe and #Sassy evening!! Be #Savvy and show us some #Soul tonight #RVA!! Viva la 2012!!!
oh really? Cuz last time I checked...
Congrats on selling out!
hahaha and then you, "pretend like you didn't hear him and keep asking him" it's so funny how you come up with things randomly!
Darvish's first game has media far more excited than mostly-empty Peoria Stadium.
Who is the best rock group of all time?
watchin' a movie with my bestfriend . text me (:
#60Minutes - Leslie Stahl - horrible interview with the Massad Agent.
I recently accepted a completely awesome software engineer position! Telecommuting no less! I start in 2 weeks!!!
I need to finish this poem for her.
i really wanna meet austin:((((.
hey you! happy friday!
lol. how, you're a woman.lol
sometimes I really hate being the youngest on my moms side
Finally Band of Horses back in town!!!
2 trips to Jamba today. it's kinda like heaven in my mouth.
Taylor swift song where she says she loves the gap between your teeth.... wtf is wrong with you
effin tell me about it....I wish I could retweet this ya betch. getting burned so bad at work....FML
now we need to find some tunes. UGH!
Not online but on t.v. w/ Time Warner Cable, it's on Entertainment on Demand, Channel 107.
The city is my church!
I feel so loved. I think I'm approaching 400 as well o.0
Sausage sauce ingredients are cooking like in the bottom of the 9th with two runners on.
we're on the same page...
okay, I'll try my best <U+0001F603> lol
Damn my dad is so smart :p
Well put. However, 'tis evil thoughts create my wordetry.
Bye unfollower *waves bye*
There's like nothing to tweet about!!!!
Magnolia & Garfield
how about a trade for Rondo?
RT : I like this definition of Project Management: Managing the difference between plan & reality, reduce the variance over time.
It wasn't clear which direction future expansion would go when MKE was built. Keeping A/B open allows either without reorganizing.
Laying on my bed, watching H. R. Pufnstuf with :)
#AtABlackChurch they will offer you chicken before you leave.
Sleepy but still on lol
I bet you keep a strait face wen you rite lol or lmao
nice to meet you too :)
Man that was a hell of a show! Got 2 see walk by us! Daughter says she looks like female prince! :)
Apple is going to make laptop with Intel?
H.O.D You
Yea shit I been off twitter for a while but all the bullshit has brought me back so get at me world yo boy is back holla
Looks like &other trying 2 railroad t/ redistricting process left early. Didnt like what San Diegans had 2 say?
Watching the newest episode of Punk'd. is flawless.
I'm there now! Such a great evening to be here.
"Books - the best antidote against the marsh-gas of boredom and vacuity." -- George Steiner
Great article man
Its too early for me so imma go sleep Good nite
Sorry should've warned you!
thanks for making sure I got out there. Very excited to get back into running again :)
Ok let's me just say this: I fangirl way too much. My parents are officially annoyed.
*dies at Austin and Alex's conversation*
as an irishman, i can tell you it's paddy not patty. american culture has somehow mixed this up.
Worked perfectly!
Gemini~ What song would Austin sing to you for your birthday?~ Love me :)
Getting from Jamaica to Cuba | Caribbean Travel Guide
2night! If you're in Austin for & want to come to our event tomorrow @ 8pm w/ @ us & RSVP it's free!
i think of my life as a comedy....
totally!! What are you doing tonight?
and North Carolina Central =)
cant please everyone
not ripping the actual broadcast. See my last couple tweets. Making fun of them for looking miserable.
Okay, so when is ESPN gonna stop talking about bounty suspensions and mention that a former NFL great is dead?
Filming Mensa spoof tonight at Collins College.
Can't wait for our first publication on July 19. It will be revolutionary for the marketing business perspective!
sleep? who sleeps, didn't you know sleeps the cousin of death.
agreed, but the MLB has to do something about the horrible umpiring this year. Those pitches we're even close. Embarrassing.
You are most welcome!!
I can sleep peacefully now that I've spoken to my family in Pakistan. I miss them all so much!!! :'( xx
Girl, you crazy.
Andybody wants to see my boobs?
i feel so outta the loop :(
Imagine for yourself a character, a model personality, whose example you determine to follow, in private as well as in public
Follow & ReTweet This! We're aiming for 300,000 followers b4 HopeMob launches in 7 days!
I went to the school of life BT, the school of life. You'll never get me to say the swear words.
have a great day!
Movin some furniture around uptown! and
Today 1922: Sleet storm that hit central Wisconsin covered everything under 2 inches of ice.
"It teaches us that 'nothing which we have once psychically possessed is ever entirely lost." (2/2) Freud quoting Scholz
No. She thinks that person doesn't work for the Packers anymore, I haven't looked. Not all GBP empl. paid well.
Year and a half anniversary with
How was the Town and Gown event?
I knew you would
Thomas.gov has legislative info from LOC
Never knew Donald Trump is such an asshole! Give your president some kind of respect Mr. Trump!
Blessings to you. With all the challenges you may have, being a loving mother is not one them. You are Special.
please follow me? I can't tweet something better than this..
thanks pumpkin! U too! you better Kill it! Kill the day...not puppies or anything...just in case there was any confusion...
... do not be proud of yourself.
I'm taking Bieber. Never say never.
Well, this is a great game. I think I'll take a nap before my packers play. *yawn*
are you bi or something?
": As a #Scorpio you are at your most beautiful when you channel your sly charm to energize those around you."
Bookshelves... Are heavy.
new song is "Scream", Its now playing via #spotify on the tweet-dio show on
Just because you're "high pulp" doesn't mean I should have to chew you.
Thank you for dedicating noon to #mca I can't stop crying. So many wonderful memories!!
Welcome to Kentucky!
There was reason to believe. I'll never look at those streets the same way again.
Beautiful rendition of America the Beautiful by The MEDley's.
Its quite upsetting that all the 7th graders in my school act like they're in 10th. We are growing up too fast.
Hoes want what ya got & phony ninjas want ya spot
Almost positive that I'm the only customer buying gum drops from the grocery store. Embarrassed that they keep stocking them, however.
So my showers broken... This is the worst thing EVER...
David Remnick about to speak at the Daniel Pearl Memorial Lecture
My blazed ass just spilled bong water on myself, so disgusting!!
Just got back from skiing with the neighbors and getting ready to jump in their hot tub! Great day.
If you haven't been to Summer Moon Coffee shop in Austin, TX you've never really woken up. Your whole life has been a dream...
In honor of my entrance to the world of Twitter, I guarantee a victory in for team 2
Yup, only rivaled by Jock Jams........
clairewasserman Thanks for coming!
Tonight it will not be epic. I will not kill anything. Just gonna drop some dope beats, peeps are gonna have a good f'ing night
I do too...except for the part where I don't want it to end.
Yal know I'm not supposed to have a twitter acount
At #Ford dealer for oil change. Usually like wandering #Mustang row, dream a little while waiting, but not good #ROC day for it.
I see...that's a shame. I love that you can view episodes so soon after they air though!
nice weekend in Indy today?
Was great getting out and playing catch with my step son today. Gridiron is next...he better watch out!
looks great guys!! Can I put my name on it too because I don't have any cake mix?
Very soon! Paperwork delays but should be ready 2012. Shine responsibly!
I think it's got to be awesome to be Art Garfunkle!
It's not even enjoyable to be outside right now.. Too many bugs <U+0001F61D>
Today officially starts vacation!! Time to have fun!! Any ideas for what i should do over the next 11 days?!
True dat bro...Glad to see they got honored though.
follow back =)
I hate my neos
in Ghostwriter app when you move away the iPen from screen you can turn page, zoom in and out. I meant the iOS iPad multi-touch.
Wart removal does not have to be painful! Call us about Florosal – effective & painless wart removal. Call now 412-681-6400
wish I had a rooftop garden
#HappyHungerGames!!! <U+0001F60D> & Katie Bennett. Get ready!
Tre made me sounds stupid...I must correct my error.
": FUCK YOU IN DA GAME FO?" bitch we up 3 zip and its game 4
Anybody out there doing a bit of CPI advertising? Have got a few questions for ya...
do you know why is going to Vegas?
Not really sure why a #ncaa game is starting tonight at 9:40pm..a little late ya think?
Yes! What do we have to do to enter?
I M recovered from a VERY BUSY a.m. Helped 2 marketing clients B4 7 a.m. then off 2 affect city policy re: indie biz ~3 hrs. Back 2 WAN now!
Please tell us what you thought.
I want to know if her face moved when she ate.
"My soul is an eagle in the cage that the Lord has made for me." - C. F. Franklin
Yay! Time for with John Grunsfeld () of science / Jon Gertner of re 'The Idea Factory' aka Bell Labs!
thanks, only 2 months away!
Look for the next one in April! Thanks for coming all.
A huge thank you to for sharing her spoken word at Samaritan Ministry's HIV/AIDS Support Luncheon today!
looks like a horse! I have a pet deer!
so does this mean you're comin to my place before the show in Columbus on June 6th
#dsoc #sal2010 we are in the cloud says Anne Caputo. vol and variety of info grows
Forever is a long time, but I wouldn't mind spending it by your side. <3
Research shows that nearly half of all Americans make New Year's resolutions with one common pledge; to be more organized and efficient.
Boy you got that boom badoom badoom bass ;) Hey follow plz ;)
soul food
At hyvee with and getting dat pop and chips for dat LAN on friday. What up!
The Walking Dead blew my mind last night! NOT what I was expecting!!
Bored :( Can't wait for to come over .(:
stop lying!(;
Thanks for alerting me! I was just feeling overwhelmed with all I have to do today...maybe the cleaning can wait LOL
Nick clearly won the last 2 weeks of the year. RT : RT : . launched December 13. Shoulda been eligible.
UC BEARCATS > #2 Syracuse & Georgetown. Great win Cats! One more win and we're Big East Champions!
Nic, not yer fault.. Nate didnt put u back in til under a minute left.. Weird cuz you'd been doing ao great on D
I'm pretty sure my awesome boyfriend just saved me $700 bucks. he's so handy! He fixed my dishwasher.
ATM machines 'are costing tourists' Research has suggested that British tourists are spending an extra £260 million a year in fees
When your life flashes before your eyes, make sure you’ve got plenty to watch. - Anonymous
And #CSF & #BigWest photographer Matt Brown shooting at The Pit today.
Thanks 4 the follow. Followed back. How bout a story for a couple of my clients on your mag?
Am totally interested in joining the scientific expedition to Sweden.
I know he's all spiritual an shit now but I mean football hits can easily give concussions
Happy 2011! Ruffian Swap will be back in full swing this year with our first Northshore swap on National Swap Day, Jan 22!
hey boo :)
thanks for letting me know we tapped it ;-)
found out yesterday we were having a boy. this will be my 2nd son
Hmm let's see how this torrent stuff works
Best thing about being a #photographer: I get to tell people I want to shoot them.
Hope to be there! RT : Will i see you there?
"A closed mouth never gets fed..." So r u going to strave / r u going to eat?
Guidelines for public school handling of food allergies to be updated - East Valley Tribune
Pugilist John L. Sullivan appeared last evening at the Bush-street theater in a beastly state of intoxication.
How do you get kicked in the head when you have your hands ready to block. That guy deserved to get knocked out.
Double play! Heading to the bottom of the 10th!
Your Time is Now! Happy Friday ;-)
yes way :P
"Set the gearshift for the high gear of your soul, you gotta run like an antelope out of control"
Vote Republican, homosexuals! Do you same sex couples want to have the same sex for the rest of your lives? Didn't think so.
we could grab a coffee tomw, early afternoon? Does that work at all?
Now Hear This: NEW: #SECURITY CASES FOR YOUR #AUDIOBOOKS ON CD. CALL TODAY & ORDER! 800-240-1850 You asked we listened www.showcases1.com
Listening to raw tracks from Brass Band's recording session. and both sound great.
Wonder what I'm doing today
Mike Cameron's advice for hitting HR number 4: Get shitfaced and see what happens.
WooHoo! Totally watching #Revenge tonight! I love that show.
RT : #lpco12 Humbled to receive special certificate of appreciation and recognition from and Howard Stevenson
Watching #georgetown v #ncstate at the Dubliner
Choose between a politician or an artist?! No question, Gosling!
Sittin right next to lexi........tweetin.......just got out of school and still in my uniform
Jake said he might make another twitter
I didn't know Navy SEALs feather their hair before missions until I saw #CharlieSheen in "Navy SEALs".
Not that my opinion matters much, but holy smokes, how great is Reading Machines? I couldn't put it down.
My biggest commercial client yet should be releasing my work soon in a tv spot. Excited to be adding Verizon to my client list!
Is a lesbian gypsy
Cue the "well if they're in it at the All Star break..." talk for the
I keep hearing bad news bout my boy todd
something tells me twitter is going to be a big deal with on board
"If it screams, it's not food... yet."
my life be like oh ah
Congrats to Brad Keselowski on your second place finish this past weekend! Keep up the good work in the Miller Lite Blue Deuce.
The Cleveland Browns signed 15 undrafted free agents, the team announced Wednesday afternoon.
I can feel the work of the plunge protection team holding the indexes and painting the tape to entice a rally in the markets
ive come to the conclusion that were just hurting eachother...are we fighting gor love or eachother???
I'm sure we know what kind of "massage" you are getting :P *wink,wink*
I heard abiden and Clinton could switch places in case Farrakhan crazy azz right re assazz
Hey if you'll go with me to the Mardi Gras party at the IMU Back Alley, I'll be your designated driver tonight after that.
boston i love u!!!!! ur my home! can't wait till the parade! im wicked stoked!!!!! proud bostonian! :D
Not sure about this
Looking for a Desktop Support job. Need to get to work. Willing to relocate if I receive a serious offer.
Follow us !?
#THATCamp Columbus (and all the others on the network) are back in action.Thanks Twitter friends for the help! Take note AntiTwitter fiends!
bye bye april showers, hello may time spring time
I love the braided hair tutorial! I'm going to try it today! :D
The Spring Release party for our fab Spring 2012 Issue is Friday! Food, live music & readings by Steve Adams, Stu Dearnley & Darren Jackson!
Drinking with my white boys
I miss u!!! On the way
Open Mic Full Band or Solo Tues Texas Mist on 183 at 71 (Ben White) Full Stage with PA and Lights. 1115 Bastrop Hwy (183) Austin, TX 78702
Yes, it does. I'm just happy I don't have to be in the back of that ambulance anymore. Looking forward to not being on it at all!
I want to marry you
ever had those cucumber chile popsicles?
So Here's My Number RT : Call me maybe
that child has some for real problems!
So about that Heat & Knicks game.. ..
#TwitterTwoThousandYearsAgo "istone" is trending....so is "walk on water"
I need a drink after work After work who's with me
on sale now 7.95 and free shipping
NO. I got a cold and can't breathe to well so not sleeping very good.
I have a cold now too..
Day one of sweeps in the can...
Up all night working toward 30 Days To Life
shock ur nipples jordan...dont do it
MKG on the bench RT : How is Louisville down only six?
"you stole the blue horn for me." ~robin "I would have stolen a whole orchestra " ~ ted mosby.
Man in this world...man oh man GOD have mercy on us~ people are so evil; remenber not every1 you shake hands wt are your friends trustno1
Eating at IHOP!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!!!
A clean colon allows your body to absorb more nutrients. Buy CleanStart colon cleanse by Utah based company Nature's Sunshine!
Danny Adams a talented long snapper from St. Thomas Aquinas (FL) commits to EKU.
I enjoy following you on here. Great source for my Bucs news. I'm an STH, definitely appreciate your insight!
Nose has been hurting all day but nothing comes out
Nice win for the #Bruins! Losing streaks are never fun. Just ask the Sox.
McPherson- The fireworks display as Farragut's fleet ran past the Mississippi forts was surely the most elaborate in US history at the time.
When you hand your phone to a baby ": F"
Just checked back in to hopstop.com and was surprised how many cities they now cover. Get transit & walking directions for 37 major cities!
A2: Would start my own grassroot organization in Nigeria supporting women in business and education (1/2)
We read to know that we are not alone. -C.S. Lewis
I just wanna go back to regular school, i'ma good person. i dont deserve to be in this place :'( lol.
time to bless the softball diamond again
Excited about your launch! Congrats!! RT : You rock, Ginna! Thanks for the follow. <3 Cee Cee
Anybody watching the NBA All Star game tonight?
that would be awsome!! We need and #AskTheKameron !! Pwease!!
I feel like I did a full body workout today. Instead, I worked salads from 8 to 5.
she can come back again :D
You are the fire on my apartment floor, sixteen stories, I'd rather burn then fall.
Maybe there's too many people trying to install right now, "Install Script" doesn't work for me! Great idea though
#askaustin its 11:11 and i wish u could DM me!! And thats my wish too!(:
pretty good . What about you ?
It would!!!
When the real reason you wanted to go somewhere was to see her and she doesent go.
oh yea! Yaaay I'm excited =D
no problem. I understand what it is like to have a full plate. Please keep us in mind if you know anyone that we can help!
Inspirational story of friendship, cancer and goals. Click blog www.knowledgesafari.com
Amazing party last had, had the best time ever!!! Happy Birthday Chris!! Love you
Glad John L. is a head coach again. Let the hilarity ensue!
Chicago Bulls lose in the first round of the NBA Playoffs.
Hockey weekend coming up. Gotta catch Tri-City. Let's go Hawks!!
What exactly is the problem with an adult supporting a specific player by wearing his jersey? Aren't we all fans?
Did you know we're collecting lightly used purses 4 #Help4Hygiene? Yes, gather those handbags& donate 2 a woman in need. Ask how!
where are you moving to?? (: i hope its closer to where i live (;
Don't miss out on Waterfi's Big Birthday Sale tomorrow only! Want to know a sale secret? We're starting the sale early today at 5pm PST!
RT Mondays are more effective at killing your good mood than an avada kedavra curse.
Thanks to and for my set last nite at Flappers Burbank. Highlight video of the Doosh rockin it tomorrow
Some people need to #ShutUp and
RANGERS!!!!!! HENRIK!!!! Bring on the Devils!!
ward off osteoporosis. resistance training increases bone density, which can prevent age-related loss
Goodbye Time Warner.
One of my favorite things is to hide my toys and then act like I need help finding them. It makes my humans think they are heroes.
You're 3-D HD, as I'm sure your husband can strongly attest.
Protect your goals and dreams like you would a most valued treasure. Seek your True inner voice and let that Truth be your compass.
RT : shooting set at if you're gonna be there come say hi & you might make it on
how have you been?
Okayy, so i'll socialize for 3 minutes then be back, 'kay? Kaythxbyee.
RT Versus goes dark on DirecTV, dropped from broadcast satellite
I like this one! “It is easy to be brave from a safe distance.” - Aesop (via thought of the day)
girl you must be from Ireland because when I see u my dick is Dublin!!! Haha
looking forward to attending the Art History conference!
I LOVE YOU FOR YOU.. NEVER CHANGE FOR SOMEONE IS WHAT IM ALWAYS TOLD.. ITS TRUE
Lifetime has crazy movies but they're catchy!
Colts are maybe 3-4 years out of making some noise, it make sense cutting Peyton.
Followed :D
yea, like that.
yes waiting on you! U coming today instead??
thanks for following.
yes it is. i think was a good track to the schedule. i think they should add it to cup schedule instead of sonoma.
that sucks I'm sorry dude!
Amazing stream. Thank you!
re:reformers: They need new VISION. Until they set the bar higher 4 themselves & children, they will always fall short!!
THROW THE BALL DOWN THE FIELD.
Maybe I'm weird but I think waiting for a grade is a lot more stressful than the test, speech or paper you do!!
Yeah, now i have my own twitter profile!
Hate getting blamed for talking in class when I wasnt -.-
Japan injury brings a break to the action. Wish I understood Japanese. Curious if there will be English commentary on the delayed broadcast?
2 loaves of bread, 12 dishes, 3 desserts, and 2 glasses of wine -- yep, Girl and the Goat is just as good the second time around.
So sorry you're feeling sick :( Hope we can catch up this coming week. Get well soon!
Dexter Morgan is trending on twitter because of casey Anthony that's hardcore. Lol.
BANDS NEEDED! *Late April Shows*
have you seen The Manchurian Candidate ? Same thing there
But I need that spark to get psyched back up.
that's funny, I was watching tonight at the same time and had the same reaction.
Tweet tweet tweet!
if he really cared, he would text me back when he was with his best bro. smfh!!
I am not wearing vans today.yerr a LIAR!
All hail the Official Ladder of the Final Four
Yo, can you get to a mic right now?
"Looking North" by
I have read some of your blog and we have similar backgrounds with the D5/Cafe as building leaders.
But that's what I love about your cards! I can decide the reason to use them rather than the cover dictate my use.
When I regenerate from this 9 mile run I just did I'm coming to see you
Acidic drinks and cleaners will no doubt etch marble and cleaning alone will not do anything to alleviate it.
Really? They took you seriously? RT People. My goodness. Joking.
crumbs (cupcakes) and the standard beer garden give me anxiety.
Call me at (949) 262-0110 to find out how to boost your peak sports performance with 10 drops of an energetic elixir in an glass of water.
Haha Anthony #Weiner Twitter scandal is at #5... gave us all a laugh
If they do, it only makes them Super-STUPID!
My timeline is awesome :p
Blaque Rose - Elite Wear by official launch Summer 2012. The new fly.
pets are allowed in Europe and there is no problem in and out side love my puppee
I WILL YELL AT YOU. THEN I WILL ACT LIKE YOU YELLED AT ME. IT IS THE WAY OF THE CRAZY MOTHER.
I am surprised. I think it has an off taste. I don't like it! And I drink margarittas all the time!
File conversion website. Sounds too nerdy to be mind blowing? Flowers kind of freaked me out by showing me www.zamzar.com
did you shed the tears? :)
RT Becoming a groupie “: Urging employees 2 "think outside box" If you trusted them, wouldn't be in box in 1st place”
I'll Send you some free recordings mp3 of mine. Frnk, Tony, Dean type Music. Just follow me Jay Markoff on Facebook.
The journey begins tomorrow--do you have your tickets? www.nymf.org/thetoymaker
Online dating stinks.
I ask not for a lighter burden, but for broader shoulders. -Jewish proverb
Life may bring us down but never to the fullest cause as soon as I recover I'm back at it like nothing never effected me.
why don't you tell him that i'm leavinn, never lookin' back again.
w/ , just finished up practice, now en route to our flight to #taiwan aboyeeee
lol ay the DJ said no English but she end up puttin it on it was crazy fun yo lol aunties daughter was goin crazy wit us lol!
I'm mad oomf never tests back no ______ for you !.
if you love me you'll let me wear a kilt.
not to mention they loved their food except the burger that was so juicy it squirted on the mans shirt..
who jammed tonight IYHO ??
We'll post another video at 500 likes! That's only 11 away, so we can make it happen in a breeze. Tag me sum a dat Coventry Square!
Dammit shouldn't have gone out last night.... Why must $1 wells be so tempting and why am I not strong enough to resist?? Lol
You break the spelling rules, too, don't you? :P
I think I'm the only person who isn't hungover today!
i dig that, so where the real fans at?? standup
lol yup sure did, then when we got power the wind came and I had to sleep on a little coach because of a tree
Thank you for watching!
nice! cocktails with juice is still healthy. Isn't it?
After meeting so many of them for the first time at #dakotacon yesterday, I gotta say my tweeps are a freaking amazing group of people.
50 Shades of Gray : Twilight :: Counter-Strike : Half Life - True? 50 Shades = total conversion mod?
Enjoying my Sunday wit my lil cuzzins & football
okay! I'll ask tomorrow! :)
they were fried but no breading.
says you. Leading the witness?
The piano man just played crocodile rock, made my night!
"So it's gonna take two weeks"--Jimmy Early as portrayed by Eddie Murphy
Happy New Year to Everyone From Peas In A Blanket!!! <3
No one likes when you beat around the bush
Tell the mayor I said hello!
Hello Sasha do you have a lay out
I think you are more likely to be effective if you view students and parents as customers you want to satisfy.
5 states, 2 hour difference, miles apart and my dad still knows how to make me smile(:
Who disrespects a lady like that? Bro, You do NOT know me! Don't call me A bitch! You drunk disrespectful prick.
#askalexconstancio Do you love your fans???(: And you should come to San Francisco this summer!!<33
First things first: I need my complimentary shot of
Going to the city today!! And midnight movie watching the hunger games :)
fuck was D. Wade on
Thanks for the comment MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality in Baltimore.
On my way to Austin! Tx Relays Party at Club La Rumba
that's what I was told. (:
He's got a nice time feel.
Its just not the same with a different laptop..</3
Fucking highways during school hours <<<
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. -Chinese Proverb
That left me to sit alone in the College Inn with just my beer and a jukebox.
hi!! Would u like some info on our food event so ur kingwood, tx store can get more customers?
It's crazy how life can be... At the end of the day no matter what you did or who you where we all end up the same... <U+0001F61E>
Life is better on the beach
Lace toms should come by Friday YEEEEEEEEEEEE
Happy Birthday beautiful!!!!!
My mom made someone's favorite.
can you follow me. ;)
. Another reference in the 1634 ed. of the Comp. Works of Ambroise Parey. I'll get that to you Mon. Just remembered. :)
All year 365 from February to February, the only place where SUCCESS comes before WORK is inside the dictionary
Brady with his 2nd INT of the evening.
Those properties aren't in the RDA relationships yet (talk to JSC about the absence, we're not supposed to make things up!)
lol, it's a good thing! It beats drafting contracts for several hours . . .
Adverbial Phrases
"All the mistakes I ever made were when I wanted to say 'no' and said
My tweets are bipolar you say? well duh, check my diagnosis (: I'm not ashamed by it, just annoyed sometimes.
Social Media has been outstanding for our business
The smartest people I knew in college went to work for investment banks - how are they making SO MANY terrible decisions??
Catching up on emails!
#FF Darn great people
I hate you We don't need people like you in our world so why don't you make like Kesha and drop off the face of this EARTH.
don't go there again. Don't you DARE make me cry again.
3rd phone I've broken this week..
Are you sure you are not in London? Your tweets are strangely synchronised with our weather. :-)
WLA missed you, too, Annie! :)
Missing him like crazy
Ain't you the cutest little Beiste?!
Finishing off the semester... Working... Staying low key...stacking loot... Getting ready...it's gonna be a Hott summer
Thanks! We crave it all the time :) RT : The breakfast at Taylor Gourmet is so good!
I love the latest release of #firebug. Much more stable, javascript debugging works much better.
Winners never quit, and quitters never win
I still have not been able to do the app!
Yay, super productive day! Now to go home and do more work!
#Lakerfans hahahahahahahaha (sinistervoice) lol maybe next time...good game..we gave ya'll a lil' hope and then took it back. lmbo
did my uecker sound ok
I told you I'm very random
i think there runnin out of ideas for barbie. a surfing mermaid ? really.
That's another good example.
2 hours sleep. Rise and Sunday Funday!
Great article! With growth in #mobile usage, small businesses can't afford to ignore mobile.
We had an Internet outage in our Library and Dept. of Imaging Services but we are now back online! Sorry for any delay in emails.
I HATE YOU...SO MUCH.
Hear ye, hear ye all artists and internet content creators. No way to replace you, yet. Art isn't nice. It mirrors life. Stop playing nice.
I am a talking dog! ;) otherwise, how would I have a Twitter?
I love you too
Love using my phone in school
When you seen with me I'ma up that stock
again, it's 2:30am and my eyes are glued to the pages of the hunger games.... I dont ever read either, this is odd for me, but I love it.
Cutting the crust off my pb&j
Rock on with your bad self! Onward and upward as always! :)
Went shopping, found this shirt but I really didn't feel like going into the dressing room so I just stripped in the middle if the store(:
you clearly haven't watched on demand in a while
wth is the same ol same ol...daddy gon get better,,he told me 2 tell u he still loves u..but i never passed on the message.
loves hitting the baseball at Fenway.
Alright time to clean this dump of a garage out
Our kitchen is a museum of coffee. Standard brewer, french presses, aeropress, and now a chemex. #WhatNext?
RT Katie Flood would have beat all but one US pro and would have had a shot a top 5 at #NBIndoorGP - just sayin ;)
If only they walked a mile in your shoes.
uh...kevin hart does not appeal to me. nor did his chunky bretheren.
oh oh oh oh I followed them!(;
You seem like the type, to love em and leave em. and disapear right after the song.
RT : Today in Jewish History (1945) Nazi Germany surrenders to the Allies, ending Third Reich and WWII in Europe.
all men are different luv, we all luv our loved ones in different way's. hope all goes well for you and ur family!! rt
Finally arrived! Nap time before camp starts :-)
ikr? Thought that would change as I got older, but evidently not! LOL! It's all good! <3
And you, Sean! « #MayTheFourthBeWithYou»
U missed my birthday. Imma get you and I liked that new track, the Badu joint
“: I don't care what you say. Anyone who can fold a fitted sheet is some sort of wizard.” this is awesome.
We Offer A Powerful FREE Website & Search Engine Services for USA Musicians and Live Music Venues - www.USAMusician.net
agree he needs to expand his def. of innovation 2 include social patterns, but think he has a point about other stuff.
ozone climbing tomorrow. nice to have to a day away from work.
NEH_Challenge is tweeting again! Stay tuned for news, deadlines, and program updates. Also, follow NEH at
bringing it back to 2007 old school nights doing it up big with
graduating today ! Congrats
I just earned the Mexi-Can badge on #Yelp!
Up and running. Can you contact with more details? I'll take a look!
Hi there!
Can a dude get a How I Met Your Mother Rerun?
Watching Pretty little liars ;D
Keep it new. Keep it moving.
We will keep you & your family in our thoughts & prayers during this tough time. Hang in there. ^bt
Finally I can actually start working at work but I don't feel like it.
God damn, Hermione why did u end up lovin Ron? I mean there was Harry all along!
GM wearing a ponytail everyday in the same spot will DEFINITELY break your hair off down the middle in the back!
yes you did
He plays drums.
RT : Need exceptional talent to design your next innovation solutions? Look to Indiana Hoosiers to lead the way.
how's it going?
SOPHIA NOREEN. Don't ever do that again.
Try calling 9737334311 or That's the city's non-emerg help line. They should be able 2 refer u regarding jobs.
Circling the Drain: the mark huntsman story
Very true, only 2 UK teams since 1979 have won at least 60% of their SEC games (1988 and 2006).
mom doesn't want to hear it. she told you to put on sunscreen
please follow me <3 <3 i love you George pleaaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Thanks Kent!
As a writer, I'm constantly trying to reinvent the art of storytelling.
#follow for a
In barely doing my homework
“If you have the courage to begin, you have the courage to succeed.” David Viscott
Glad you liked our stories!
#NP - Bleeding Love
Couldn't agree more!
Why do bus drivers always have to be so rude? Just because you didn't get an education and drive a bus doesn't mean you have to be bitter.
Do you give mustache rides?
I can see . Im so in love with ur pic<3 i know ill have a blast its above&beyond <3
but are they broken up? They still seem to be together?? Or is this song also about stalking?!
oh ok
Tonight at The Anchor Bar come see some great live music starting at 9:30pm and don't forget about $6 Liters and great college football.
By all means, put a bow on that piece of shit and trot it around
place called "Oyster Bar" in Fort Wayne. Are you familiar?
Treat people as you would like to be treated ....yeah, it's that simple!
We're shooting a new Mortgage Minute today! Look for the next edition next week!
- keep doing what your doing - **** those haters
Always a legion of blessing hanging with the passion this dude has for making Jesus famous.
woohoo! Nice :) I thought of you the other day 'cause of racing. I wish I could find a cockapoo event because Bowie is SO FAST
President Rick perry? Thanks but no thanks
In a world sick w/ racism......Get well soon! Happy B Day for the last time.
hey buddy!! (Hug)
everyone went to see Bundy pitch.
You can send it to , make sure you leave your contact info so we can tell you what you need to do after u send it.
it was in reference to e-resources. which probably gets me a demerit. hahaha.
Get your Business needs handled at a fraction of the price of half of what you would pay with more of your input! Diamond Dezign Ideas!
Why do people feel obligated to make up excuses??...you dont owe shit to anyone but yourself. Dont explain yourself to me. live your life.
All is well, kind amigo!
If you believe in reincarnation, you should be very amused.
I wish I was...
wow a tweet from flash im star struck. Ur such a big celebrity lol.
Wendy Chun rocking the Prezi today.
#Chiefs Rookie Camp- Wylie has some impressive speed and explosion out of his cuts. He can get separation in a hurry. Great flexibility.
Haha Im barbecuing right now. Are you planning on coming over and I didnt know it? ;)
I'm off to read PROPERTY by Valerie Martin outside and eat my lunch. In January. In Iowa. It's 60 degrees today.
"He's not going to think you're cute" LOL
PS- can we please come to Boston? Kthnx.
agree happy birthday to
i haven't seen it. but it sounds CUTE!!!!
I put a hole in a monkey.
yep no problem :)
I actually wanted to go to school-_-
And the list goes on and on! Just today, antibiotics can cause asthma in kids...
The grinch !!
RT On twitter, I can't always say what I want to say.
Out exploring Aruba with hits of the 60s, 70s and 80s going through my head.
So looking forward to meeting you too !
Did you know that adults benefit just as much from a brief time out each day as children do? Go put yourself in time out!
potatoes are gonna potate
Disecting frogs in biology class>>>
I thought they could do it...
“The level of service has been amazing and the quality of our finished product has certainly helped our business "–J.Poole
plese follow me ?
just laid down the loudest fart infront of the whole English class #eww #nasty #<U+0001F525><U+0001F4A9><U+0001F637><U+0001F443>
Facebook and politics go together like John Edwards and politics.
of course
“: Houston Chronicle is reporting that Judge Dietz has set school fiance trial date for Oct. 22.”
no photo of the girls when clicking the link from a mobile device.
thanks for bringing your step momma in! Ways glad to have visitors at #PrideConditioning! Hope she "enjoyed" it! Haha!
how do i verify my account?
On a money mission
I think my two biggest girl crushes are Scarlett Johansen and Carrie Underwood
Those who think the know everything annoy those of us who do.
People will disappoint you...Isn't it good to know that ALL of GOD'S promises are true???
Why do girls make the "duckface" in photos?
I've been feeling the same way. Walden was kind of useless too. Perhaps A. Chapman?
BAHAHAHA! I LOVE THOSE GIFS(: & we really should, i would seriously stand outside for days...
": has anybody been hinting around the office about me" I think you need a couple wins at 265 or less first.
You know who wishes they studied patent law, the person who created fire…dumbass.
Changing the World's bad mood into good, one brownie and cookie at a time! Bitter?! Sweeten your spirits with one of our medicated Yummies!
yes jenna
awesome!! :D
never give up on ya dreams!
Check out this article that was posted in the New York Times. Transcendental Meditation for health:...
Thank you for the mention
I thought about it, but its so weird that all of my co-workers are applying too!
Cuomo says food is a basic human right. New york is "the progressive capital of the nation."
I wish that you guys were around to witness last night's craziness. Very few woke up sober...
Jus finished doing dreads,I knw it's strange but I had 2 do it.Any1 wit a heart wud step in I guess dats wut dey call
LOL, I'd faint, too, if I ever encountered one that was 8 pounds and 21 inches long!
That little skeleton doodle on the booth table in the Brew is cute, but who in the world has time to draw that?
Guys who hide there feeling always end up lonely singing drakes song Marvins room haha!
An actual function name in a library i'm using: catchDegeneratePenetrationCase
You can tell a mans sexuality by the way he puts his hands on his hips.
Happy Nurses Week! "Nursing encompasses an art, a humanistic orientation, a feeling for the value of the individual, and an intuitive...
bout hit up da gym yo...class was long af today.
Go Steelers! I would love to see them play GB in superbowl!
Yep, CNN covers THIS story of course, after not covering his delegate sweeps. Let everyone go back to sleep. He'll get delegates.
Happy founders day to all the amazing sisters of chi omega!!!!
I DONT CARE WHO WINS EITHER... MY DADDY'S TEAM ISN'T PLAYING SO IT DONT MATTER.. LOL
At #storagevisions , appears the storage industry is continuing its march to USB 3.0 ubiquity. About time.
sitting in IHOP on xmas: Sad because 1. It's IHOP on xmas and 2. It's the only place open with wifi on xmas
Are you coming to Chicago soon?
yes, i saw this yesterday!!! only it was on my phone and only saw the title...thnks for reminding me! bullshit, indeed!
is in the finale!! I love this guy!!
damn. Wish I'd seen it!!
hahahaha naw Im not a lesbian (: hahah. I wanna look at houses with you guys if you go like walk through them!!!!
off for lunch, but gotta go back to work soon. which sucks
just went to the samurai exhibit and informative! The Russo fam gives it 2 enthusiastic thumbs up.
Happy President's Day
like Al Qaeda?
I can see the omitting of PV, but Nasri? Benzema? Another disappointing year for Les Bleus? What's up with Domenech?
Liked the Daily yesterday - thanks!
Idk but I feel special when you favorite my tweets ^-^ <3 :DD
aww this reminds me of high school high :)
We marketers should control content, but lose some control over the process.
omg they're everywhere!
Too broad a question.My worldview includes valuing args&reasons,so yes,I avoid sites unlikely to have those on display.
Hi, my idol #forever please follow me., ok?(:
New red hot chili peppers single adventures of rain dance Maggie rocks me like the 80's!!! I do miss john f. though....but love the cowbell!
That was a great conference. Fired up and ready go.
Omg yes u need to!!!
love the new web site! It's hot!!!
"Be" the kind of person you want to be be friends with, work with and fall in love with - than watch the energetic exchange happen!
a little Beach Boys this morning to balance out ze gloomy weather
Sheriff Andrea Cabral: If people don't engage in the political process, they get the government they deserve.
ESPN reports Jackson needs to step it up to reach October; still no Brewers coverage.
We are looking to book acts for September in San Antonio, TX. Could you have someone call me?
Tony Allen too, Wabash to OKSt to defensive stud now
Great tasting and fab food last night. Thanks to and Chef Ryan Rose!
they are like the best things ever!
Now you follow back;)
Never been the bitter type.. Ill let u be miserable while I enjoy my glass of Riesling & live it up!
Sweetwater nights w/ kelly, james, will, and jordan.
ahahhaahahaahhaha did not want to know that! But seriously, i feel like imma throw up or something
Well hi there! What gets you up in the morning?
New show: The Rave/Eagles Club 5/26;8pm w/ Yo Gotti. For info email US at:
hey , we'd love to partner with you! if you're interested, we can send more info!
Tough loss, this one stings with that ending
": Where is everyone planning to watch the Draft on Thursday?" Only place to be in Milwaukee is of course!
Feeling great!!
I hired a cleaning lady for the first time and she just arrived...I'm in heaven!
happy Sunday sis!
cute.....and you do have an adorable smile!!
um because the pigs are going to eat their babies?
when is the beta coming? I'm ready for some podcasts on the go.
ok just makin sure
At Yankees stadium about to give some s**t to any Tigers fans we spot up in here.
Ima talk bout my mama nasty ass in the morning, lil freaky ass
. piece on MCA made me so sad. "Be sure to live while you're still alive." RIP, Adam.
I volunteered to give it a go tomorrow in 's thread. I shudder to think how great this could be at Penguincon.
Grilling out now drinking some cold ones later:-)
Dear Demi Lovato, I <U+2665> Your Songs And All [ I Cry On Each One I Listen To ] But Do You Mind Giving Me My Diary Back?
and by free i mean working my ass off all summer to come up with money to pay for tuition which is now over 8 grand. Thanks SSU
I'm gonna be annoying and share every second of my life on twitter just like my new best friend
Phenominal. It tastes really good. I had 3 so far in between meals and my work out. I feel Great!
Last presentation in the last class of the year.
The University will be closed April 6 in observance of Good Friday. Happy Easter, everyone!
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for a Technical Services Director in San Diego, California. The Technical Services Director will be…
We're loving all the Hollywood excitement outside today! Come bowl a few games, you might see some A-list celebrities while you're at it!
Listen to what people say when they're mad, thats when the truth comes out.
Heading to lunch, but I'm treating it as brunch - that means I'm drinking
#FollowFriday fellow Bike to Work Day tweeps! Tx for mentions:
140 MILLION TWEETS (X 25 WORDS). Now what do we do? Make children read long paragraphs (in textbooks). Should we care? Change your thinking.
After introductory speeches by MOC Board Chairman Matt Thompson & MOC Pres. Waite Rawls, Robert K. Krick is introduced as our 1st speaker.
Ill take that lol
At press conference to announce naming of 16 yr old, Pittsford native, FREESTYLE AERIALIST JONATHON LILLIS TO U.S. SKI TEAM!
Happy Birthday ! I love #patd and you! Hope you big 25 kiss amazing!!!
send me your number again
That rule is now in effect! Well, at least until there is a real threat of a "national socialist" party & people start vanishing.
WHERE ARE YOU SPENDING EASTER, GUUURRRRRRL?
Thx for the heads up! Not my ideal way to start a Sunday morning!
OH yea lady, werk those Uggs! CLEARLY it's snowing outside..
cool website, guys. Coupon aggregators work well to save money. Our deals are exclusive, so you gotta Download the app!
Dropped my phone in the toilet
"I want to be an anarchist but my religion says I can't" - something I remember hearing in the 7th grade hallway.
It's a game none of my friends play though, and in order for me to advance in it I need "help from neighbours" so I buy credits... :(
i love moms. they are some of the most caring individuals on the planet. happy mothers day!
it's kool!!
Interesting. Didn't do that. Are you Mr. Viddy?
#imagine *at victoria secret w/ ur friend* u- hey, is this bra cute? Justin- *comes from behind* sexy! Selena- hey!
Always a pawsure!! RT : Thanks to our favorite party animals!!
Outlining saves a whole lotta rewriting.
Really hoping that Lenn Sakata was the Mega Millions winner in Baltimore.
I asked my wife which jersey she wanted.. why? Because he's cute! Lol...
Thanks for helping spread the word! RT : Check out !!! Early #FF!
Cake balls are delicious but I can tell when TAG has one stuck to the roof of his mouth...lol.
Is trying not to blow it.
Can someone plz explain to why hash tags really matter?
TylerMeehan: stillblazingtho walking 5 miles on a state road at 10pm for a buy one get one free big mac.
They are pretty damn cool
good... bones precisions are sweet.. Reds are nice too. Ugh. Piere stopped by my place today..he's making me bitchy.
answer: no
For Christmas two different people gave me a copy of 11/22/63. Think I've talked about it enough?
maybe? I'll text you when I know fashoooo
when is good for you? And I can't come to you,in case you were unaware.
ENCOURAGES EVRYONE TO KEEP LIVING THE AMERICAN DREAM!
2pac on pandora...I miss the good stuff.
spicy like all of your chicken
Running is not easy stuff. I miss being in shape.
Saunders and Galchen both teaching at Syracuse. Lucky students
Jealousy is a shade that doesn't work for me. I'm better than this.
Yawn. I know this crap
Just looked in the mirror (checking for spooks) and I look even worse than I feel. LMS for a pic!!!!!
dang, you get to see all the good shows. life in Austin is pretty good. :)
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability. -- Zig Ziglar
I'm opening for Monte Montgomery tonight @ Sam's Burger Joint in San Antonio from 9-10pm. Always a good time with Monte!!!
That just ruined my night. Thanks for that
& others, missed earlier convo abt B/5yr freeze. Yes in q. Equal q to me is savings assumptn of no rtn to mean after 5 yrs.
Awesome :D did you guys have fun?
you stop!
Jay Cutler is going to have Post-Traumatic Sack Disorder by the end of his career.
Yeah MWP... That elbow you gave Harden already showed you were "reppin your hood"...
sure. We miss you in lit! Congrats on the new assignment, though.
Just dreamed up a new ad campaign for 101 Creative. I'm looking forward to designing it across web, print and video. Should be lots of fun!
don't forget about us little people. I'll be happy with a burrito or a cup of coffee :)
cuff her!
We can put some acts together and promote.
Nah no beachbody coach yet, im trying to br self motivated RT : are you working with a Beachbody Coach yet?
Stepping in glass and shit.
Back to feeling like I live on the face of the sun!! UGH isn't it fall yet?!
Treat your password like your toothbrush. Don’t let anybody else use it, and get a new one every six months.
I hate pants omg
NEW MID-WEEK SPECIAL! Celebrate Spring with Wine Wednesdays. Every Wednesday, through June 28th, all bottles of wine under $100 are ½ off.
Thanks. I love your beach photo on your profile. The #ocean is amazing.
4 entries will be picked at 4 pm today!
try boiling the tofu before frying-- sounds weird, but makes it super crispy!
I have you just accepted the slype request
OMFG I Did It Im So Proud of Myself I Told My Crush That I Liked Him And He Said Call Me :)))))) AH
Red Bull! :D lol jk ...unconditional love is what makes me fly<3 RT": What makes you fly?"
No! Thank you for the follow!
I have a headache. Taking a whole bottle of tylenol ... If I don't wake up, someone be sure to play brand new at my funeral. Thanks.
RT : quoting Zuck "If you're not fatigued from recruiting, you're not doing your job. You're not leading your company"
Registered Process Server 916-509-0677. Serving the entire Sacramento community. Bank Levy, Unlawful Detainer, Small Claim, & summons.
Ugly couples that make-out at my school <U+0001F60D>
Happy Tuesday
awesome sauce :)
can't wait no previews
Heading to the Kohl Center tonight? Stop by and say hello! We've got a ton of great new basketball gear and Big Ten Champs gear too!
Having tried dozens (if not hundreds) of e-mail platforms, is the winner. Agree/Disagree? Whats your choice?
His name is Austin Mahone. Remember it because you'll be screaming it later <3
had fun at dinner. Don't get stressed over spring stuff. We just need to get a plan of action together and get rollin
Valentine's day is just around the corner! Share with us your plans!
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!1
Most over used phrase's I hear.."I'm sorry" " I love you" "you don't call me"....::ninja kicks:: Stfu thanks!!::turns up house music::
Booked nomiya restaurant on top of the Palais de Tokyo in Paris for dinner...on the fence for Jules Verne in the Eiffel tower.
Words of wisdom: The more summer clothes you buy, the less you have to bring down from the attic! via
Salsa Classes today Dance Studio! Beginner; Intermediate:15; Adv :30!
Hi guys. I was busy doing things. What did I miss here?
check your email
free drinks now!!!! 4 beers of your choice. Show bartender. “: Happy birthday to me, ringing 25 in at #duh”
Great idea!! Will try that.
#NowPlaying - Don't Cry Your Heart Out
did you do the PowerPoint too?
If you aint at the Vogue tonite!!! You crazy!!!
Love You Like Crazy . Say You Never Let Me Go
lol I hate when it gets that low
Eat nothing but breakfast. Cheeky's, Kings Highway, Palm Springs Kofi.
absolutely! An adventure!
Alright, well, I'm officially finished with doing things that I think other people would want me to do.
Im awake early because somebody decided to knock on my front door really hard and woke me up thanks a lot <U+0001F612>
Take your umbrella. It's a rainy day in #Queens,
That's exactly what I get out of it. Good assessment makes you plan a course backwards, compared to how you did it before.
My amazing friends are playing at Pig&Whistle tonight 10PM. If you're lucky, you might get a possible guest appearance by yours truly.
chocolate=bliss
Your mom made breakfast for me and Canepa today. She was great last night. Thanks for sharing her.
THE STOOGES HAVE REDEEMED THEMSELVES!
Happy New Year gorgeous girls!!!!!!
: not much just sittin in church listenin to my fathers day sermon haha
(: good day at school today!!(; but #single is horrible!!!:/
researching the car bailout.. does anyone know the terms of the auto bailout?
im really happy :)
"Now I see the secret of making the best person: it is to grow in the open air & to eat & sleep with the earth."~Whitman. Sleep well, yogis!
So proud of the team for getting the Gold top fundraising team this year for Walk MS! Let's make it platinum next year!!!
good luck!
Got my juicer back from New York last night and now my fridge is full of delicious green juice :)
is it fun living up there
Once the movie is finished, he might need it deflated, but now... Ego is good!
Spectacular. Well, actually. xD Haha no im kidding it was great! yours?
Got a krazy situation on my hand and I dnt no wat ima do
asked for more followers! You know what to do! :)
my woman is on twitter. Her!
full of crab cake and "Watchman Slugger" from to support -Pulling it together for Coal Fired Bicycle band practice.
By community, you are talking about audiences?
Have a wonderful Holiday! Make sure to stay warm and have supplies at home for outages and blizzards!
aww love it
+1! MT When I make a list, I always end it with "make a list." CHECK. So I begin with a sense of accomplishment.
friday........happy friday
i wonder if anyone saw my jokes...
Need help....whats the best sports promotion that u have seen executed at retail? Preferably a purchase incentive program not including tix.
Why does your profile picture remind me of James Maslow ( from BTR ) Lol.
Can't stop asking the question, "what does God want to do at Epic THIS year"? Gotta continue to drill down into "one person at a time"?
ha! opened email after I opened Twitter. priorities. will talk to fellow
That #1 spot on the billboard
So I lost 3 followers today for no apparent reason...
where did you eat (so I can avoid the place)?
Life's downright crappy sometimes. But i'm constantly reminded how lucky i am to be surrounded by wonderful people. Dear friends, thank you.
I'm doing the work of 6 ppl today; my ENTIRE dept is out. AND of course everything yesterday & today is an emergency. ::frown::
a simple Cuisinart citrus juicer.
#ff with 26 minutes to spare!
the paramount theatre in Oakland show is all sold out but it would be really awesome if I could go <U+0001F60D><U+0001F60D>
Honored you are following...cc:
when i try to take a picture of my dog and he keeps moving <<<<<
Julianne Moore to play Sara Palin. If Julianne's a method actress, she'll have her lines written on her hand
Everybody but me seems to be graduating this year.
8 Saltines and cheddar.
Thanks for the follow - looks awesome!
sounds exactly like my day. Except swap chinese for moe's
Nike co-founder Phil Knight served as the best speaker during.the Joe Paterno tribute
just killed a goat
Georgia State. This place crackles with energy.
We have some ad space up at Check out their next orientation Sept. 6th & tell us if you see it.
One time I swear I saw an alien. Oh shit you just had a fkd up face?? Sorry. Lmfao
baby steps. no pun intended.
I'm having fun pulling out my pop-soul chops, refracting"Vision of Love" and "Rolling in the Deep" thru my voice.
I have now changed my outfit twice in one hour as a result of having to be outside in this redonk #nola rain
and are the gayest people alive
Was talking to a Master's student at our department from Libya who lost his brother in recent domestic war last ear. Sigh ...
Gingrich expected to reference in debate tonight report that Romney failed to list income from a Swiss bank account in finan. disclosure
I need a dozen people to follow me.
that and "gong" had some flashbacks to the unknown comic
My head has been pounding all day long...side effects!
Don't know whether to be amused or nauseated by politicians saying Happy Mother's Day on Twitter. Really sticking your neck out, guys.
weak, I've tied bow ties after a hard night of partying, then waking up with a 6 pack
I'm exhausted. I sure wish I could have a relaxing day at work
Apparently, the world's second sexiest ginger, Prince Harry, is in DC tomorrow. will swoon.
Our panelists are Anne Benge, Unisource Solutions, Inc. Kelli Clear HR Dir for Barney & Barney
Heeyyyy...you actually have an #IMDb Producer page!! Sweet.
lol whatever! come back to sf - we can do a cheese and wine diet until December rolls around
did roc cute his hair
Wells Fargo sent me an unsolicited piece of mail for an undergraduate private loan. They are just a little bit late on this.
Very busy day: Server maintenance, #Warof1812 in-house requests, grant meeting, etc.
The clear choice for all your auto glass needs 414-409-7263
-- I forget / to remember the days / yet these spring deer #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
Thanks for the RT!
Heading to Los Alamos now
whats good wit you?
That is the question. Natural enthusiasm has to be bred and then tapped as a classroom resource.
u demanded to come BIIIIHHHHTTT!!
Alrightttttttyyyyy GOOD NIGHT
that is so cute
Wat's funny? Good morning!
I went back and looked. That double on 11 left the lane wide open for 33. Really wasn't poorly conceived possession
Actually i think it's "there's no new ideas unless they come from Apple...."
I SWEAR TO GOD IF SLUTLENA DATES ONE OF THEM I WILL PERSONALLY FUCKING KILL HER! !!! SHE RUINED IT WITH HER FUCKING UGLY ASS AND FAKE SMILE
hahaha well...he's just friendly with a few..nbd
Online ordering deadline TODAY for Treasure Box economical food program - 40 locations in San Diego - menus online www.thetreasurebox.org
I never liked typical hair salon talk. I wish my hairstylist didn't expect a convo/cut deal from me. Just meaningless chatter...
I want to buy you something, but I don't have any money
i sweat too much
I think your account may have been hacked. It sent me some weird message that is clearly spam. Sorry :(
Finger Eleven, "PARALYZER"..."if your body matches what your eyes can do
m here alone now ts girl long island... happy holidays to all...enjoy life to the fullest
way to start you career man! Congrats!
Proud of myself I woke up before 7 to study with a classmate who said he would be here by 8...its almost 9!
Just finished watching "The Cabin in the Woods" thats a tripy movie ... wow
She the sh*t...she the one
if you LOVE the #CELTICS follow
livin in the moment
Ryan Beatty is verified before wtf is wrong with this world?:/
Ryan Cain is 22! My awesome brother (many sources will confirm he's the cooler Cain) deserves nothing less than the happiest of birthdays!
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
i think #sportingkc should draft a christian missionary with minimal soccer skills in the first round....for obvious reasons....
what do you think of the JDS and Cain Valasquez fight of the first on ?
Watch Perspective tomorrow at Noon where we will talk to Tuskegee Airman Beverly Dunjill #Tuskegee Airmen
I think you know girl ;) lol
Why can't he see I love him
Enjoy #THEADVENGERS! Let me know how is!
Looking forward to #CT2011 in Boston - would like to meet up with #publichealth school distancelearning professionals. Tweet me
Thx , and for sponsoring another awesome #launch event for
How they managed to film the More Than This video without us knowing, i will never know.
HIM: I really like u, do u like me? :) HER: No... HIM: :( HER: You never asked me if I loved u. HIM: Aww, Well do u love me? :) HER: No..
Hmm....glowing Wii.....who Wii'mailed me??
Follow me Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating ;)
: premise on option four is slighted by the nature of the phrasing, IMO
yeah I was saying how cute you look, is that talkin' shit? Lmlll .
Shorter Healthcare: Obama wants to make us eat our peas but swears he won't make us eat our broccoli.
Headed to the Mall for #SOTG2011's Gentlemen Prefer Blondes. What beautiful weather!!!
RT : Our new platform Workforce Skills for 21st Century Success prepares job seekers for today’s market – find out how at...
We hear that! RT don't forget about body breaks (shoulder rolls every 20mins) -movement is key to prevent deskosaurus posture!
I am thankful that the owners and players are negotiating again
Back and forth got to love it. Who wants it more?
• As in earliest day the grass gets to see the sky?
Learn about the Sea Stars & the Sevengill Sharks that inhabit the bay, as we tour the Aquarium of the Bay this Saturday (12/5/09) at 5:30pm.
i get around ..but i don't stop for hoes *Tupac voice*
yea...ima come thru in a few
BREAKING: Huge fire on Maple Ave in Seekonk. Large industrial complex turned into an inferno.
"Don't Block the Boy!" Yo! - street sign in Philly
lol whats good? I'm just grabing some food real quick then it's whatever
: It's our job as advocacy organizations to motivate and activate the Latino community. LULAC agrees!
Thank you for coming! It was so fun. We'll let ya know about the next one. In the meantime, follow #ShowAndMail cc
Coloring Books to Print and educational Jumbo workbooks | Kids Care
is smoking on the dance floor!!!! Wow!
has joined the discussion on
“: People cannot drive..... Seriously” look who's talking
Thank you and for a great weekend in Monterey, time to get home &
Didn't Bieber or Taylor Swift break up over text/twitter? It's the new thing to do....
follow me me and I will follow u even though I am
Glad 's tips in my post helped! I still have work to do on mine, ha
Rex Ryan, Santonio Holmes NYJ Cutler Suh and All things no green and gold
And we have 110 followers! Woo!
Area schools without air conditioning need to pay special attention to potential heat index values pushing 95º+ Monday afternoon
I spent part of my youth way out there. My mom lived in Round Hill. And yes, that was way out there to me
God is Good!!..was listening to 1 Wish..yall rocked drummer boy.. they bedasksumbody about you & mom!!..shud b no surprise now!
thanks and glad you enjoyed it!
I think BYT got punk'd by an April Fools post :(
have now scored more goals in the first 6 minutes than STL goalie Elliot usually allows in a full game! #GoAvsGo!
Turkey Cranberry = best sandwich in the world.
yea but now it's public :)
I see looking fresh !
Getting my results todayy ...
u do tho it was fire
Why is it so hard to support one another? We would rather freely spend money at the mall, or club then support a friend in business.
Kinda over this whole humid and rainy duo Baltimore has got going on
you were only 22 minutes back and you were tapering for a 100-miler. :)
thanks John. Happy Saturday to you.
The time has come doo I'm currently looking fah ah car
In Virginia visiting the uncle!
THANK YOU!!!
Celebrate 2nite! NO COVER b4 11pm! $2 drinks ALL NIGHT
So glad today is Friday!! Ready for the weekend :)
God makes you go through the bad to realize when you have something good. That way you'll never let it go.
CHICO'S ANGELS music videos filming in four weeks!
The heat killed me just standing out there i feel bad for the people that had track today
Emergency testing is really unnecessary during my late night tv. Shy can't they just tweet the testing?
I'm more afraid of life than death
Time for lunch at Tokyo Joes.
You should expand your news sources beyond the RW echo chamber.
Gonna miss the shit out of monaco and moresco :(
Milk?? Last time i checked
Happy mothers day to all the mamas out there :)
Randomly in the mood for some deathcore. No idea what though.
Happii been n a good mood all day
“A brand is a set of differentiating promises that link a product to its customers.” Stuart Agres
N'at
Beautiful, man! Looks like an incredible trip. Been holding off on VSCO, but keep hearing glowing reviews.
im havin a house party... it might be after the tour though
tells us about "neogeography" in the early years!
That's a silly little pile. You should see the stacks I would make for any one of my law school classes.
Thanks for all the good luck wishes everybody! :)
is this your new scent?
Oh Menagerie how I`ve missed you. Thanks Ricky for such a fun night full of shopping, drinks, & good convo. Te amo.
well atleast they won't be as noticeable as braces
Believe me, there are no clandestine conspiracies among dealers to do anything other than serve the public
Big Shout Out To My Whole Team In Queens, Manhattan & Brooklyn!
It's my babies Birthday today! She is 6, took her ballons and cake and party gift bags to school today! Way excited!!
today's #TrendsTues is Jewelry! What is your fave piece right now everyone MUST have? xox
Carriers of news & knowledge Instruments of trade & industry Promoter of mutual acquaintance Of peace & goodwill Among men & nations
coming to me Monday to pick up a fair! Lots of goodies
district taco for lunch? Yum
A goal is a dream with a deadline. – Napoleon Hill
The question we submitted has not be asked yet :-/
I am who i am, dont judge me(;
I could watch saved by the bell forever. <U+0001F498><U+0001F389><U+0001F389>
GM cuzzo!!! Love you!
"dude stop febrrezing the pot" "dude I ripped ass it's fine"
How can you be sure I wouldn't enjoy the fact that he must sit on a pointy rock though?
#OWIF: After leaving Richard's house, the posse tracked me down by following the pizza stains and trail of Skittles!
Not realizing somebody texted you back <
<3 Woody Allen's latest couple of films. What a dream to be in one!
Does anyone else get that out of body effect when writing (akin to that "whoa! I wrote that? I don't even remember doing it" feeling)?
High point: working with the great conductor Charles Mackerras on a production of Berlioz's L'Enfance du Christ in Carnegie Hall. GREAT man
but it ain't about how hard u hit,its about how hard you can #get hit and keep moving forward.thats how winning is done!
What is the event about?
Too. Much. Wine. Last. Night.
Sessions start nice to be workin
Black Keys tonight!
jay u coming down for the Seattle game?
YNN received the email however it did not include a link to your site or info regarding an upcoming event, or story idea
42 Hour Zine Challenge starting soon!! Everyone's a winner!!
Time for a tie mon
Tom Yum coated peanuts are my new favorite. If you were nearby, I would share them with you...
I wonder how many times a candidate needs to topspin a fact before it morphs into a lie, and he starts believing it is the truth?
Well isn't this great nothing is as it seems
Thanks for retweeting. That was really nice :)
yo eddie. howz it going buddy?
Breakfast in Oswego. I'll take steak and biscuits please. Thanks.
When are you putting up my Preakness Blog? :)
Very Embarrasiing Confession: as a woman of a certain age and shape, I have been pondering Debra Messing's wardrobe w/interest.
Time for school =) bye yaal ;)
Apparently when they say that don't mean like open open so Idk what they mean.
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you! <U+E32C><U+E32D><U+E32A> 1
none... i jsut had regular snacks... i need that luxury home cookin type shit
I watched 35 and ticking. The two of u together was hella fun! Getting all my over 30 friends over to view
Sudden urge to cook all the pasta I have and subsist on that until my next grocery shopping trip
Stop watching tv & get back to work!
Preventative Care: Lung Cancer kills more than cervical, breast, colon and prostate cancer each year. Ask your doctor to get screened...
I love these guys:
Just got in from bvm, had a good night. Gonna get a shower & get some sleep. Night ^__^
Happy birthday <3
"The two girls are typical dollar street walkers, dressed in the usual tawdry get-up."- THE ICEMAN COMETH
Damn play smart & keep your head up
": I might wake up early just to see on the news." Haha yes sir!
Against logic there is no armor like ignorance.
Surprise! Is your grandma dead?
stay out of my town
how long are you in Houston for? This is more reserved for a text but I feel we have such an awesome twitter relationship
yea just ask em when you get to security they like that shit
Mo Williams shaken up. Hit on the head by a teammate, couldn't tell who it was. Damn. Hope it doesn't result in concussion.
Smoking Good BBQ just picked up another BBQ catering gig in Boise, summer is filling up fast, get your reservation now.
Interview time...
Hey Jen!!!thought i'd look you up on twitter.I do occasionally.
That said, I tend to hack on for hierarchical translation models these days.
its alabama haha you get used to it especially the humidity
Hey ! Guess what?! Rob and Mia got engaged! Almost nine years after they met they finally got engaged.
make that 13
I hear there was a lot of back yard dry cleaning back during the dry cleaning prohibition in aught six.
What a day?! O_o I, legit, got 1 thing done on my to-do list. So freakin busy. Busy is the goal, though. #i'lltakethat
i know this only online baby but i would the most happiest person on the planet if you could be my girl even just on here
last month <3
a thick bad bitch with ambition that don't need a man ... lol
Didn't see anyone I know today... Guess who's wearing the same shit tomorrow!?!
did I mention how much I miss you !
Good Morning doe!
How awesome! You are in the zone!!!
Put a condom on your heart - and fuck your feelings.!.
not but really, it's time for people to stop quoting kevin hart 24/7.....
KILL!!!! in my best singing voice.
My hoodie straight out of the dryer feels like heaven.
The White House petition to allow Disabled Veterans to use Medical Cannabis has qualified! Thanks to all those who signed and shared!
LETS GO CANES. We already lost Jacory Harris for the game; let's not lose Shannon losing to a winless team and ACC foe.
At least you did the workout!
#np "Walkaway" written by and myself :) ***Memories***
cant wait to see the finished video!
haha xDD I just a fatty just watching movies and eating Takis:3
The handles are long so it must be something that goes in an oven/fireplace. I'm going to say fancy toast.
Well played KC. Starting a twitter war.
#petpeeve Why do so many spell Pittsburgh wrong (without the H)? It's a major city. Saw it wrong again today
Quite sad I got removed from AASM because I said Alexa was immature about leaving :(
The fact that we have hot chocolate in the kitchen now means I will absolutely be making DIY Dunkaccinos every morning.
s/o to my new follower
I know its only NIT, but nice to see the #iowahawkeyes get a solid post season win last night.
I get that, but still a good defender at the toughest OF position. I say he should be in. Just me though.
it's not that bad I click on links that say do not click here. I don't know why
How is the drinking coming then?
Its a matter of time before we all run out, but when i thought he was mine she caught him by the mouth!
hi selena~ good morning~ love you my dear friend~ have a great day and take care <3
#Didyouknow Earth is the only planet not named after a god
wouldn't it? Or would it be full of breast and explosions?
Watching #WhatMyHusbandDoesntKnow on BET
fool where were you !
I only like the plain ones :)
I know, people are clueless and then everything is only reinforced for young kids which keeps the cycle going
I dont wanna take the ap test tomorrow
You should do a convert here in Reno, Nevada. Don't go to Las Vegas! Reno is better xD<U+0001F497><U+0001F604><U+0001F380>
Some days I feel like I've failed at loving people the way I should.
soo, nobody wanna answer my mothers day calls.
I love the transition to the 60s now...
#TEDxSEA Please visit the Seattle Fandango Project Facebook page or join our Google group for more info on our upcoming workshops & events.
Jeffrey will be the wishbone this time. It was nice knowing you, Jeffrey.
a lot to a little, twice
That moment when your crying during a sad movie and someone sees you crying and you act like you weren't (:
U play poker
“: #southernthing I know when to say Oasis” well.. say it louder then..
Jackson and I stunt outta control too.
I just remembered, I have homework. fml.
I Like It Rough & Can't Get Enough .
Would be the most WONDERFUL thing IF S Club re-united.....But, sorry to temper things, the Mail Online's article claims 'the band's PR
thank you.
Mission accomplished. ;-)
Did any of the masses believe he'd lose his job over this? If so, speaks to their level of intelligence.
First task of the day: writing bios for my panel next week at #ASJA2012. Starting to get excited.
“Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success.” --Henry Ford
Visit Stanley Scan Modul stand B05 at #HBE9 to experience how SpaceTRAX can transform your medical inventory management.
they look good tho buts cool i got tacos i really dont like chocolate
Standing against what God has declared unrighteous is not being bigoted
Road Warrior Animal Collective
would love to email you a EPK of what I got going on at Quetone Music, I'm just be proactive...
"our company is 160 years old" that's just a little bit older than chamber!
~ The awkward moment when you see twins fighting and one of them calls the other ugly. :p
Yessir! Big ups to you guys! See you at D'mongo's on the 18th?
Jobless claims are at the lowest levels in 4 years and the S&P closed at the highest level in 4 years.
lol why my house?
Good values are easier caught than taught. -Zig Ziglar
Follow Me??
JonathanMilling thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Happy Spring back to you! I am loving hearing all of the birds chirping and seeing the green start to emerge! New Energy!
Fred is an awesome guy!!
it makes me so happy when I see friends talking to each other. :)
Thursday Gold at Lottie's: $6 Georgia Golds w/ beverage purchase - good till 4 p.m.
I hate everyone.
Well tried to run for the first time in a week and a half. Wasn't happening. im gonna be out the rest of spring ball. Going back to the doc
Guide To Clickbank - How to Make Money With The Clickbank Code
cool ! Seems like a fun job!
un hour
“: Just went out of my way to tell someone they have a really nice hairline.”
where much is given... much is required...
FBR Raises $550 Million for New Mortgage Insurer - Bloomberg
At least you livin in USA)))
Lol! I'm sure we'll be getting into it when college football starts.~>BuckyUp
Good morning on the first weekend of December 2011! The countdown to 2012 begins.
Looking forward to never ever watching Bristol Palin's new reality show.
oh, hello, mr. Scott
Icant wait to meet with you
I'm looking to do fan music videos for all of my songs! Post your pics and videos of you for any of my songs and they'll be included!
An interesting phrase (not mine), but archivization already includes its negation. And the digital Panopticon is a problem.
And for my Kentucky fam, it's not hyooostun. It's howwston. q:
Been gone for a way long time. Visiting, for now. Hello, people.
Dara Torres' body is amazing. She is also a 45 year old mother. I have no excuse.
He's one of my favorites. Makes Sox-O's games worth listening to instead of muting.
. ironically the flautist and are likely both members of the
Wow. I was wearing my Radiant Baby tee A gift back in the day. Then found it was Keith's B-day. Amazing talent gone too soon
Mary Mary I love them they thought me a lot threw they music
- come clean & organize my office next! Looks like Ali Bab & the 40 thieves office there too! Argghhh!
- Depends on what it sounds like and whether or not you have the right promo material.....
He's a certified Mo-Town baller. He can wear what he wants!
they will definitely lol “: Lakers might get swept!”
Thanks for the RT
love how followedme after i tweeted bout wearin a skirt.If they read my tweet then they would point me in the pants direction
Directions are pathetic. Do they not realize that 1Direction wouldn't even be there if it wasn't for Big Time Rush. I'm so pissed off.
I have my ND sweatshirt on today...and WE ARE MARQUETTE!
oh my god these horns sound so huge.
Looking for a SAE – Nintendo Media, GolinHarris. Email me at
Up too early, with too much on my mind..
Go Steelers! I would love to see them play GB in superbowl!
yeahh I have a page and a half of games
Better tell all those black Christians. LOL
"Where does the time go?" he asked. "Behind you." she said.
"You have to trust in something in your life"
I'm on the cheap virgin mobile plan...got an lg optimus slider. Much improved from my old samsung.
There's no way to express my anger... I doubt I'll know happiness again... It's gonna take years of sacrifice and suffering..
I totally forgot to tell you!! I bought the tix when you were at work... Get one asap!!
I'll be me and you be you. #bitchesbebitches I guess.
yeah u gon definitely have to gimme some time, my joint grows SLOW
ha ewwwwww ima put you in jail too
I wish it would stay this warm all winter. I'm a little ambitious, but Rainbows are on and beach music is blaring.
Join us this Thur North-Central for a holiday wine tasting & silent auction $25 at the door. 8p - 10p
Holy crap this guy on americas got talent is fricken amazing
Under Armor to add 550K SF of #officespace to #LocustPoint campus. Molasses tanks moved. Replaced by athletic field. More good
Jason, glad you enjoy the letters. Jack Shepherd's view of his fellow expats has evolved over time, as have most of ours.
"Cow! cow! come home! home!"
well dm me as soon at it works!
Models for this project and Are you following them?
but... but thats so plain!!! i guess its just timeless.... WHATS UP!? :D
im sitting in this lovely establishment and my taste buds are partying in my mouth
This weekend starts in about one hour.... and Im gonna make the most of it, been a long successful week &I feel like celebrating!!!
A table is a very necessary part of a #workwednesday. Time to find a big ol' table for today!
Seattle City Light or Pub Utilities - whatever - ability to fix a downed power line is nothing short of ridiculous.
Loved you on the show! You funny as he'll!
I'm stressed that I can't keep up with this topic I LOVE - am i a Struggling reader (and typer) or what!!??!!
can you put a flashing cursor in sign in box on your Hm Pg so I can just start typing instead having to move my mouse into the box?
Tickets are selling- FAST! VIP still available but some are upping their tickets to VIP so they will go FAST! Don't be left out!
I WANT!! save me some for sunday!! lol xD
Lol #coachpop needs to chill and smile! He looks like an ANGRY BIRD
Are you serious? No one in Cali? I wish it was me-just keeping it 100%.
please do!
Great to sit down with you today! :)
Hey #aamemp we are at brit's pub
Haha it was awesome! RT : I believe I just busted a move in front of and all our students. Wow!...
Maybe the photograph of us in Portland, I don’t know. *blowing out a frustrated breath* While I was with you in Georgia…
also can't wait to see our interview with ! check them out, Mark does great interviews with web series creators!
How my cohort was introduced to it: John Law's "Notes on the Theory of the Actor-Network"
Thanks bro!! RT : Happy Birthday to one of my favorite bass players
In case you could build a business up large enough, it is respectable.
Stop on your right DONT FORGET ITT.!!!!!!!!!
idc that's just pathetic
oh come on, I'm not making this shit up. Ask a girl 25+ about it
idk but my lower back hurts too, did i fall thursday night?! haha
Whoo hoo! All day date with the same really nice guy! Omg! omg omg!
I won already. I am Commissioner of Publicity :-)
the prices this year were so expensive!
I jus had a good conversation wit the big sis via fb chat
bahahaha. Not here =))
Me either but they're at TJ Maxx!
Hi Allison - got your inquiry but no contact info! DM or email - would love to hear more about your project.
so happy got a new book!
had to copy and post this on my Facebook ,, thanks for posting it here
Know your characters. Write everyday. Be careful of what you're reading while you're writing. Write to entertain and/or horrify.
Happy St. Pattys Day! I suggest green vinyl today.
I will put it up on other sites as well
Did you send me an email? If so I didn't get anything.
Ubaldo vs Darvish is a filth fest right now
i did
Heading 2 . for 2011 conference. SecState Clinton kicks off incredible lineup of speakers! . Follow me for live tweets 2day.
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Get Rich Or Die Tryin' !:]
Not yet, but we will!
chopped and screwed but yea, kinda awesome.
Note to self: when walking from car to pay for gas, don't assume cars will slow down. To the woman who almost hit me this a.m., really?
yeah it sucks lol :-(
Alright sounds like the excitement is over, back to our regularly scheduled program :)
Q7. Zesty Italian is my favorite and I'd love to try Three Meat Medley.
oh god I hare that too. Worst thing ever.
Is this for a game? Sounds mysterious.
Happy 17th birthday :)))
I agree. Waiting area has a metal detector. Pt.floors are secure. Lobby is vulnerable.
So, when the fundraiser was in town on behalf of Keen, he couldn't get one commitment from a single church to help Christian TV in Las Vega…
Can i get 100 followers by tomorrow?! O.o i'm going to try and make my who says video this week!
make money and flip Shit :)
not an error but he couldn't even charge and barehanded a Pedroia slow roller.
Well, I know a lot of liberals *and* conservatives, including evangelicals and confessional Lutherans. How 'bout you?
Yeah but its like they are inventing holy text that doesn't exist! What's next? Jesus condemned video games and pot??
Yo Rome, are you getting any horses ready for Oak Tree?
oh well
They ballin but watch out for Marquette & Wisconsin!
not sure about the whole premise of this blog.....but, I do like where your heads are at. Great idea in theory. Keep up t/g/w!
The singer for this salsa band looks like Boris Kodjoe. M...
you'd get more accurate world news from a 6-year-old
Greetings. If you ever need an opener for any show we would love to be apart of the Republic. www.Startisan.com
William Levy
i love you soo much i texted you and you didnt text me back:/
heading to 2nite for #beatresearch ft. & fam-if you were for #PicoPicante you need to come down
Levon Helm, who carried the weight on some of the greatest songs in rock history, dies after a long battle with cancer
okay you pick a time and I will let you know of its a good time for me
San Francisco's Blue Rabbit covers PIXIES "Hey" w/violin, harp, 3 foxy vox and more: bit.ly/n4QamH
I love that movie.
Check out Whole Living magazine's December issue; article "Hope in a Jar" highlights the recent trend toward fair trade in cosmetics!
Ramona's class is at 2pm thurs, so depends on when we are done, not sure if she needs us, would be nice to see guest, fri was better
Hey, ladies! Anyone going to the food truck rally tonight?
I would laugh my ass off.
yes, rackspace is definitely down again. down time by rackspace...
Um, microagression on stage about not being able to pronounce names. I can pronounce them just fine, thanks.
Closing show of #balmingilead happening now. Thanks to everyone for coming, we had a great run!
I bet you thought of someone in particular when you quoted that last tweet of yours
lookin forward to my first sip of your home brew. What are you going to pour event?
out of all y'all I liked and loved him longer 6TH GRADE HOE
Love: A temporary insanity curable by marriage. - Ambrose Bierce
I have both in the top 10 but neither in the top 5
Got my twitter back
Brilliant quote: "You know... vegetables did exist before Ranch" /by
Xjnzajajdksnsbahsusjabvshajzhas just let me go to the bathroom?
Free San Diego fun tonight with the Cat-illacs at Balboa Park's Organ Pavilion stage 6:15pm. Classic rock 'n' roll from the 50s, 60s & 70s.
i feel like $100 - not a $100 bill, but like, 20 $5 bills. you know, stuff you can use readily and not have to worry about breaking the $100
Sorry, Aaron. I am Puerto Rican and die hard NY Giants and NY Jets fan. But You were great player. I respect you a lot.
hi everyone i havent been on in a loonngggg time xD soo tweet me if u want! =D
At this moment Im standing in front of a Grecian urn that is over 2500 years old. Profound.
do you even celebrate Thanksgiving???
you betcha. Thanks for raking notice.
Thanks!! “: welcome back”
tell me when and where we recording and I'm down
I heard Jack and Diane on the radio this morning and starting laughing out loud.
if u got dope beats and want to be paid!!!! ASAP send em this way
I love watching Grown Ups
Absolutely Loved #MIOBI Awesome ending! love you all!!
anyone interested in going for a nice outing I'm heading to the famous tail of the dragon motorcycle ride in NC 10/02/2009. hit me up
3rd period was so funny.
Yeah, the SWP runs the show in Britain. there can be no doubt about that
Really unnerving how Twitter saves the text of the last unsent tweet. Same feeling as "whoops, did I just reply to all?"
22nd of May, tickets on sale soon, have been unavoidably delayed by repairs, alas. But soon!
this really suck big time.....
So what point spread are you predicting we pound the Steelers by? Go
Reason #1 why I support Ron Paul. I like freedom.
me too. Dad has perm ringing in his ears from 'Nam so we have to "yell" a lot. Doesn't seem that loud to me & sis but it is
I've seen diarrhea more explosive than
Know who looks #BetterInBlack ? Shadowhunters do!(:
nice post. I've had to load storage drivers so many times over the years just like described
Natural causes or did Thomas Kinkade see this Instagram buy by Facebook coming?
it would!
My goal for today is to take photos around the neighborhood. This includes Margie the cat, ducklings, and the illegally parked orange Honda.
Thursday Healing Circle was really Awesome! Many wonderful healings with wonderful people!!!
i just wanted to let you know that you will forever be my favorite you are amazing omg.
Yeah! I should have a try! :-D
I miss Sparky Anderson
I really truly strongly hate instructional analysis. Yes, I know it's a good thing but I still don't like it.
it's hard to know what you're responding to when you reply via txt
Jennifer Hudson's tribute was so classy and powerful, a perfect sentiment
I nicknamed my dog, "Jasmine Bin Laden". #ThatsWhenYouKnow she's a terrorist....
thanks to everyone who came out last night! great show yo!
real shit, I fuckin love her music.
This guy who works at the Target near my house looks JUST like Ryan Gosling.
you're lucky!
Paid tomorrow = Newbury for shopping Saturday
Brian just threw down the fastest lap yet! Get down here to Conlon's on Abbott and see if you can beat it! w/ and
5.5 years, $40, and a little help from my buddy Ian Price later and I finally have a functioning turntable.
Ray's Place networking event will commence at 4:30 p.m. following the #YouToo2012 conference. YPs encourage all to attend!
After a certain point, you are your worst enemy in this business. I don't see how rappers fall off.
Your post made me happy. Love it.
The video game Battlefield 3 has the song "99 Problems" onthe commercial. Im guessing 'bitches' arent the source of a lot of gamers problems
Nigga you gay ... - Riley's Voice-
That's how my book club does it. We gather (and eat!), and then the organizer manages a single Skype call with the author.
Oh student government you make my life happy! Such a great team! :-D
I feel cold. I'm glad I did it, but I'll prolly start growing it again. I like how it looks though. How long have you grown
hope your day speeds up! love ya! take a break would ya? lol
i like! i like!
i love you more<3 ur so amazing :) idk why rehanna dumped you, your a wonderful guy. (: btw- i like ur hugs <3
nun tryna see if i can make some fun out of wats left of my spring break
I no a lot of Kobe haters
#artpolitics origin already spectral. Alternative to linear history, the retromania of pop culture: sampling comes to term with inability
You're right Carlos. Motives are more interesting to examine. Start examining then Oh Great One
congrats--that looks like a great job!
I remember... It's at least gotta be 70 out tho... Block rules
noseplug? Anti-fungal ointment? Mustard?
Just watched Clerks 2. Mallrats is by far Kevin Smith's best movie IMHO. I think I just lost some indy points by not saying Clerks...
You're welcome for the follow Look forward to tweeting with ya.
#SHRM11 - in cab. Heading to aria
it's none of their fucking business, you hate when people get into your shit, tell them to get out of mine.
I wanna move to a place where the guys have accents, or where one direction is
just got out of bed and im trying to go through another day, hopefully.
My committee is deliberating about my defense...
"I was not disappointed. I met brothers&sisters I never knew I had. I danced & sang & prayed, my heart was at home." -MWills (Zimbabwe 2011)
thank u for posting that link! ^_^ I gonna ask my mom if I can get one :^)) <3
"There is no better school than adversity."
okay sent answers through multi-media answers.
aww I need to talk to u later ! Gtg right now , bye sister<3
#ILTA11 App looks great. Any way to increase the size of the my agenda applet?
Thxs Mitch! RT : Had the best ribs you could ever imagine at twin anchors in old town.
Way to kick Monday's ass! Meanwhile, I can't get off the couch to start baking a dessert for tomorrow.
Well said!
Am not rich but am not poor either am comfortable with my life and what I got
Its been 2 years and he saying he's changed. . . Maybe he has. #We'llSee
Listening to the I Ching Gatos band practice. Currently on their song "Puro Wato Vato
Will you be doing the postgame clubhouse interviews?
Enter our new sweepstakes for a chance to win a free session and photo credit. Click on the tab under the cover photo.
Very big issue down the road. RT : T2: IMO the other issue w/exchange is trusting correctness.
Wow Memphis. Forreal??? How much are you paying these refs? May have a Tim donaghy again...
RT this is making sound botlike #cyborg - block of vision and the feed. wow.
I will never tire of seeing Elaine taking such delight in wiping her ass-cooties all over Peggy's computer keyboard...
Hiya! Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to working with you on SUW!
I know I want to watch it again too.
So much to do... not enough time to do it. Trying to get it all done before the weekend
i am muslim but I cant waiT for your Christmas album! #swag :D .please follow me XD
Need to revisit Lanham's Motives of Eloquence & his The Electronic Word - life these days involves much revisiting of "old friends."
thanks for the mention, if you're still in UWS you should join us for a pickup game or group fitness activity!
Snuggled with in between classes
Supposed To Be Gettin My Hair Cut ... Idk Though
One shift down, one to go. Livin life to the fullest cause were not promised tomorrow. So get at me
Enjoy your day, Coach!! RT : Happy B Day Coach Calhoun
What doesnt kill you makes you stronger! Stand a little taller...
Oh how I love bitching.
That looks awesome!!!
Did you know today is National Cheese Fondue Day? We can't wait to celebrate tonight! Yum.
you're so pretty!!!!
Are you people coming back to today ?
SFO-PDX via for #sakefestpdx -- join us portlandia! maybe hit up or late night.
My opinion: cuts to federal discretionary spending won't solve deficits and will harm social safety net.
guess who?
ha all his other shit probably not the IM GAY though
you better keep your promise
Used the link from LFC email, which I think was to tcktmaster. Was going to try through a USA reds group, but didn't want to wait
Has HootSuite ever been integrated into a business database (possibly a database). Can you contact me about this?
fantastic ideas from on making google maps keyboard accessible using the api
scuba t is enroute
The only thing I know about rugby is from the old Spellbinders TV show.
#whenitwascoolto smoke ciggerettes boys to men were making hits
Yo Ass Be Bored A.F.
yea that's how it be forreal
It's impossible to have a solution without a problem.
“: And so my dog just burped 30 sec later farted then stretched out and fell asleep” how I go to bed nightly
BS RT : Crawford said his comments to Alvin Gentry were him telling Gentry "I could have been here. You could have had me."
Brb crying forever.
Just saw a little boy recite his christmas list to some fat, big white beard, dressed in red man in la carreta
Love the show, Zooey! Continued success!
Well I'm in little rock right now!! But after my sisters wedding I'll be back out there :)
NO SCHOOL! WHOO!(:
Its funny an older season ticket holder called Steve Homer's radio show and was talking about Rickie Week's inability to field to his left
Jonathan scores 2 goals!
Thank you! Looking forward to conversing & tweeting with you. Ck out also.
Brown putting Blake on Harden shows that nigga doesn't have a clue
As in "U gave in" or that they are gone?
Thanks! I'm totally beat but got a few drinks in me and I'm ready for country dancing!
wow that's pretty sad to come from there to a real sport only to retire and go back, what a joke he is
i do what i want, you do what you can
Thks 4 sharing, me encanta! What an important story of Mexican-American mobility, heroism, and success!
I miss Saskatchewan.
Love my job. Thanks.
The American people don't want somebody who wears religion on their sleeve; "if you insist you're one you're probably not"
who's in for RhymeCal 9? Slots are starting to fill up - alot of new cats signing up. Go to rhymecal.com to register or get at us directly!
Thanks, Cathy!
"Wigwam Susie and the corn maze crew" LOL
hurt playin basketball might be out for yr and #yanks rivera hurt in bp
come on Kev...you know it ain't nothing but a word my G.
Way to carry your team when they need you, ! What a monster game last night to help the secure home court.
helluva catch today! Hope it's nothing serious tomorow
Tell your friends to like our page and also to follow us!!! Headin to the studio soon.
More from MWP: "I look forward to getting back on the floor with my teammates and competing for the Lakers fans."
date night: assembling ikea furniture. so hot!
Giordano had 5 int. last year and 1 forced fumble, probably will get him for cheap and at least a good backup.
I don't want to lose to much of my eyebrows, I just want them to be evened out.
I could use an iced coffee right now ._. - JET
Good luck!
tj's candy cane green tea is the new guayakí yerba mate is the new rooibos tea latte is the new tazo wild sweet orange
Picked a wrong time steppin to me when I'm in my prime like I'm optimus.
Reading at Risk argues sustained, complex, imaginative focus trains ppl to be good citizens.
Thanks for coming out to see us and being a part of our Taco Tuesday!
Bitch :D
RT : Love this from the #socialpros podcast "If you don't love #socialmedia, you probably suck at social media." via
"Rite?" Hate to be one of *those* English profs, but can't help it. In paper grading zone.
you are so talented!!! And really pretty! Please follow me thanks :)
"infamous"? I think not!
T.G.I.F.! Head over to #Fridays for #HappyHour from 4-7pm. We've got all the best food and drink #specials in town!
What will happen when I go there? I will check it out!
Why am I so clumsy? Lost my beautiful prom earrings somehow before I even got home :(
i THOUGHT that was you! LOL
and he got hit by a bus
please follow shes so pretty and just started xo
#seo #marketing , Harrah’s Casino, Emagister, Sam's Club , each sign 2 year marketing contracts with DeVante Designz Inc. devantedesignz.com
I knew Florida drivers were dangerous but I didn't think it applied to runners as well. :)
You heathen ;-)
Brazilians chart crime w/ online interactive maps: on.undp.org/pXPwa2 #ICT4D MT (similar to )
Surf & Turf Burger, 1/2# prime Angus beef, lobster, fried onion rings, provolone cheese & truffle aioli served on a kaiser roll w/ steak fri
Congratulations! I know I recruited a few of them. :) Couldn't happen to a nicer website. Yeah!
suck my cockiness...lick my persuasion
Didn't get to say 'hi' last night! Thank you for coming out to Flash Theater
lol! get yours *MC Breed voice"
well yall were talking about it and stuff.
Amen!! Thank you brother :)
Our page has a new look! Hope everyone likes it...
NVC is language & communication skills that allow us to remain human, even under trying circumstances:
Ahhhhahahahahhahaha!! i forgot about the pee corner!! No, I didn't find it...hint??
Quoting One Direction?
New topic - The Forestlands around Killarney
Fingers crossed for you, too!
occupiedmedia.us ~ Two Kinds of Wealth, Two Kinds of Debt via
Go for the gold! - TCPalm
that's really all you can do. I should be in NC next weekend... maybe we can do lunch :-)
hard 2 b mad at them for that, it's taking up floor space for more valuable products to the store
Played tiny wings for like 20 minutes straight haha
#Virgo's love belly rubs.
Today's office disruptions (so far): chainsaws, no heat and a parking lot filled with dumpsters. No, not distracting at all.
#WhyILoveMuseums - The history alone is inspiring and motivating. I also love how technology can give you a more engaging perspective.
Refreshing choice, Erin!
Yup, we've had a bunch of old LS members come back and they are up to speed for the most part.
#FF Making prom dreams come true all over America!
Learning so many great fashion trends
You know you have someone scared when they throw out twitter shots at you without thinking. Nothing like competition.
could you please follow me back....ILY MORE THAN ANY SINGER EVER!!!!! <3
RT : Superman wears Dos Equis pajamas to bed
Fantastic job cast and crew! This run was truly a magic carpet ride!
RT : is performing tonight at the event at -- it's gonna be a good time!
That's great!
on the other, libraries are differentiating themselves from each other. We need to come together on a cohesive brand.
You were always an enigma to me, Grandpa, but now that you are gone I miss you. Requiescat in pace. (1920-2011)
What do you call the sound a ghost makes when he calls you? A phone moan.
how can a hashtag half as long as a tweet be trending?
awesome hun... Congrats... So what u going to do now?
We need to open a bakery
bum knife fighting should be an actual sport. I'd love to watch that while drinking a beer. Lol.
You can do it, big guy! Don't give up! The end is in sight!!
oh yummy that smoothie sounds fantastic
“: #MentionTo your friend who treats you like a child.”
My dear lord....
I'm watching!
Cool beans...id b interested in research connecting anger and nutrition.
Thanks for the follow
can I have your metabolism, please?
My thousands of parishonrs take issue on your #GOP 'name-calling'-That's ALL #GOP got- 'Name-calling1=YOU LOSE!
True => MT "Everyone can be a reporter; not everyone can be a journalist." -
Everyone go follow cause he's a solid dude, ladies get him while you can!!
Yes! The Country Network is working again!
: Michael Gray's "The Weekend" and Madison Ave.'s "Don't Call Me Baby" #YAS!!
are you raelly justin ? like foreal are u liening because like on my other account am gonna ask him if he has any secret acount
ohh true. Are you going to opening day with me and alex?
oh thank you very much hope that I gain much, really I would love to ONEDIRECTION that follow me, kisses
Done and done.
I saw the high-five, and the subsequent grin on your face :) great show, eh??!!
can't wait to see you in 9 days! :)
You'll love my cookies! They are delicious!
Sowwy for being mean
The incumbents are garrisoned on google
I still have feelings for her, but she said no and it's been awhile now. WHY?
And on that note I think it's time to try and meditate... else I'll never sleep! This mind of mine would never shut down if it had its way!
Got a charity game on friday,promise i wont make an ass of myself
Yes it is
youre fine.. Thats what happens when you get old homes... Lol!!
It IS a neat little place!
still wondering why she looks like that?
All repairs completed
could say "modern" #opengov is {open src/content;access to info;open innov.} ideologies carelessly smushed together around "open"
Who wants a comp bottle tonight ? RT and follow ! & tonight!
watching obsessed.
isn't he a kid himself? Well, he'd be lucky, in one respect, he could financially take care of it
HAHAHAHAHHA that's why I didn't put anything inapporiate!! I knew you would forget or something
What size? Location & amenity preferences?
I request the list of things that 'make humanity worse'. War? Genocide? Puppy mills? Wearing leather?
"Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity."
Had a great brunch at with to discuss
#alphamale burns himself while trying to cook.
Smh... It's so peaceful downtown tonight....
itz all good ..:. How is seNior year ?
-- What Song You Like ?
Lights, Camera, Action! #NCIS - XavierLT.com
yeah I def wanna get em right when they're on sale. Just need your address and I'll put a check in the mail tomorrow. Just 1.
Do you know how many Kwh your refrigerator uses in a year?
Come join me for a drink at busboys and poets on 14th. I've got an hour to kill before date night.
Omg yayyy!! you're finally doing it !!
I pinned it, and then felt ashamed of it.
Up Next? Maple bacon bar brat.
Up early to go serve & teach a precious group. Reflecting on how walking in our gifting touches a spot in our souls nothing else does.
$250! same as the ones for 2012 :)
cool. What was the context? I'd like to be in on this discussion!
"I want that cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake...and its not even my birthday" lol that song is so catchy lolol :)
I kill it and people giving a response lets me know I did thank u
#Avengers was grreaaat. And my man Sammy J did his thing as per use. ;)
if I was you I would have said so "why are u breaking ur neck to look at my phone?" and make sure he reads it. He'll be like Wtf
It's the playoff edition of team trivia with tonight at 8:00. Have a feeling things might get chippy.
If your boy only know that you were dissing him to talk to me.
You're very welcome! We look forward to seeing you again.
Oh I giggled. “: I’ve been in Wisconsin for ten pounds. That means one week for those of you who have never visited Wisconsin.”
Oops, I think I owe some apologies. I just read a little more and learned Boxing Day is not the day you punch people who gave you bad gifts.
Guys! We need more followers to grow! :-)
FACT: If you put your finger in your ear, and scratch, it sounds like Pac-Man. (RT if you are did this after reading it)
No tonight?...no problem...like last game no sweat in new jersey..heat nation boy
omg - it looks like that wta / xperia patch on arad's chest should read "hello my name is...."
If I Ever Get Famous I Hope I Dont Change..
yeah he is, need to get some goals in this period!!
sounds like AWESOME British Library moment to me.
great! Thanks for connecting with me!
you seem more like an anarchist,than an Independent.
": Listening to thinking about all the shit I wish I could change." we're here for you <3
So start...it's easy. Lol
I'm excited to see what's going on with Jackson! & Lydia!
May 31st :D
good point xD
I could get use to this whole not caring thing........... suits me just fine
My best friend and I still can't change clothes in front of each other because we've know each other since P.E. 1991
im such a bitch
You're welcome! We are honored to be your charity of choice. Good luck and happy hiking!
Change of direction and focus with my duties and responsibilities at BME. This could be fun.
Feels like I've been carrying barrels of hooch. Back is still hurting.
Okay, apparently I never tweet... Even though I almost have 900 of them.
just got asked where one could find high-waisted pants & my mind went blank. Last pair I got was from 4yrs ago
2 fucking injustices today that need to be made right..boy is my pussy sitting on a cactus today
Who's quote is that?
Today is FREEFALL baltimore! Free admission all day! 10am-4pm
Blood Drain Angel's Story soft & hard back, #ebook #kindle & nook @ #authorhouse & #barnesandnoble many more places fb aprilrenamooreauthor
spending my morning hooked to the pitch
Ah..Thursday night..that's all..
Those mormon dudes cursed us lmfao
are you a teacher?
I monitor Twitter for FTB mentions. If you require help, follow me and DM and I will have someone call you. I am with FTB.
Good boy!
There's not much snow...
Beware the fury of a patient man. -John Dryden
ouch RT: Is Bev Perdue running for office again? I want to be sure I don't vote for that hoe again.
“: ...free Sunglasses! #GAFAF12”/ No way!!!! I am def pushing #GA_FAF starting now for next year!!!
is anyone following #thatcamp who couldn't be here because they weren't presenting a paper and couldn't get travel funding?
We don't have a link but inquiring coaches about fundraising can email or ahughlett@ (same)
woah tht girl has some issues ... Haha nope ur not even close to that you waay soo much nicer ! (:
yea they are
Googling now--thanks. I'm underread when it comes to the current thinking, having left the field ten years ago.
Surfin the net 2day reminded me of my Army days in the field in my jeep blackout drive no nightvision goggles.
#swag lol but i think it's too long
I need 2 get my followers up so I can say "back n the day when I ain't have no followers dey wouldn't fux w me. Nw dey DM tryna suck on me"
#NoDickRidingBut They Need To #FreeBoosie Mane That Nigga Was retawted in these people Streets I Guess Money Make You Feel Untouchable
Yay bubba! So sweet seeing him celebrate that win!
Thank you! : Yes, is quite fab!! RT : Discovered gorgeous bridal hair accessories by
Oh, you saw the review! Good! And btw, if you ever teach a conference workshop somewhere, I will travel to go. Seriously.
I was going through my TL then I realized everything I was reading was like from an hour ago LOL
and then some big huge thunderstorm
It's about took the field! Making #sportingkc proud!
This show should be called 7 sluts and 1 shithead.
you should follow me : ) .
ha! Lemme think, but 2days 'flinstone disco pouch' was pretty funny:)
#GaySeal ... But you're sweet(; heartyou
Also missing: reproduction.
This could get embarrassing
The only other I applied to is winning!
The young lady seems like a perfectly nice person. She's getting her award. What's he doing up there? He's a jackass. RT
The entrance towards the east honors traditional dwellings that honor life and looks at the federal building a symbol of government.
tell me about it. Had to pull out winter coat for the boy today. And buckets on my plants outside..:)
Exactly! : This 'perfect' night of sleep is obviously for people w/out small children.
RT : People and rubber bands have one thing in common: they must be stretched to be effective.
Just crashed 's school visit with the Columbus High Book Club in W. Columbus, TX. What an awesome group!
how many wide open shots did duke miss tonight? Come on...this game was simply about Duke not taking care of the basics.
Looks like a useful and compelling book! I've already put in my pre-order. :-)
Run and Own ebook membership site niche markets 27.00 a month , first 50 get in...
PR is the writer's menstrual cycle.
You already know bro. All Mac Everything. That's like asking what shoes better jordans or lebrons. Apple!!! Bro
ugh, me too! I can't believe it is still on. I disliked it when Bob Saget (sp?) hosted & still dislike it. Mean & dangerous!
To hell with the bad news.
Insane Clown Posses always search for apartments on domu. Didn't you know?
follow and please :D x802
I hate when somebody put u on blast in front of everybody. That piss me off
MetLife re last weeks shoot for them "We loved your pictures from last week and definitely look forward to working with you in the future!"
We have added fresh cuts of Purple Trainwreck, ChemDawg#4, Shiva Skunk, and Island Sweet Berry to our shelves, the shelves are full.
Two words: Summer Olympics. Who's ready?!
ah just laying in bed being entertained by twitter. Hbu?
Turns out it has been US GOVT providing 1000's of guns to Mex Cartels!! After all this harassment against private folks. Wow! Thanks Janet!!
Let's Go BUCKS!
Mexican food<U+E00E><U+E057>
And so we have our 3rd Khhhaaannn!
Tip 2: Be realistic about your JV partner in China. Partnerships work out long term if you both have mutually beneficial objectives at heart
What's fun to do in LA with a friend from out-of-town?
SHUT UP MARK
I've been busy but good :) How have you been?!
Me too! RT : what a loser...I feel bad for sometimes
1.You dance amazing 2.Sing amazing! 3.You are amazingly HOT!!!!! Wow #Triple-threat!!!!!! #Inspiration #Rt<3
So excited for our photo shoot for some new band pictures!!!!! Will tweet some pics from on set later
im glad dat school is out but its a bummer becus ima miss evry1 i met this year they were sum great people and i hope to see them again soon
"Like the air you breathe, abundance in all things is available to you. Your life will simply be as good as you allow it to be."
Seniors aren't the leaders of yesterday, but the leaders of today too. Let's work towards Inter-generational leadership!
This basketball game is like watching a bunch of retards chase a squirrel around the yard
Is A Beast ! Her Album Was Outrageously Good !
Thank you very much sir! RT
thx. its 42 degrees i'm a baby when it comes to cold. last yr when i was on set, i stayed in tyler's trailer the entire time!
also on fox and nba playoffs its a good day to be a fan
wants to be a Muppet. Not sarcastically, either.
No. Just frat boys.
record conversations and pretend they talked to the person you had a real conversation with by repeating some little comment.
We'll miss you, man. Good luck in MTL and see you when you come to LSP.
The officials dictated the momentum of the game with calls & non calls. #Celtics got scammed. #Heat cheat.
omg that is awesome!!! How was it?!
"It does not take much strength to do things, but it requires great strength to decide on what to do."
how quickly we forgive RT : : USA Today says Vick's jersey will soon crack the top 25 in sales.
Scott: ask any Gaslamp business how life would be w/o convention center. Seriously, do homework and go ask them.
you shouldn't know anyone old enough to not be self lubing
i hope cursive is not near extinction. i practiced all those years for nothing!
I think that was the "light the lamp" celebration?
Yes. Worked with the programming team on slotting on the films. Moving up... A little.
Good luck today shaping lives!
A bone's throw from Wild Rumpus store, & not far from the purple door, "paws" to take a quick look--you might find your new favorite book!
Explain your new avi for me. Where from?
...nice choices for the 1st and 2nd..i like luther vandross myself.follow me and add me on FB
Happy 70th birthday to Muhammad Ali.
My mom is taking my dog to Indianapolis with us for a wedding because she can't leave her at home.
Yes, and maybe the DH subgroup examples can extend options for wider practice
The Springs Cafe has a bento box w/lobster siu mai dumplings, crab cake, shrimp fried rice & mushroom wakame salad this week. Come try it!
Whats good fam, hope all is well.. :)
no no u got it all wrong. Use the Zoolander scene -- start blasting Jitterbug and spray her with gasoline
I think dot Marie jones coaches football in Texas would be a show I'd watch.
I'm not even sure I get it but they sent me an invite so I'll kick the tires.
I can make you one...but that would require you coming over to my house...deal?
Agreed. It's sickening, and it's weakening our party's ability to effectively govern from a center-right position.
maybe he's just coming home that way?
completed a fun movie shoot over the weekend, has another shoot next week, and just received an audition for this week; chugging along with
I need month off from work to re-energize.
Can't wait to eat this dinner in the oven after I smoke !
With house hunters international.
Won my indoor game and had a good practice with the saints ...very active night!
get in my belly now.
A wise man once said "Always listen to " :) Who am I to mess with wisdom? Let's do it!
Out today on family emergency! If all goes well I will be back at work tomorrow!
I hate when people try to ack like something tht thur not!!;)
Have a great week!
At least the cubs won :)
Love Chopped! RT : Cooking dinner with #Chopped on in the background. I find myself rushing to beat the clock.
Trust me, I have been on a hunt for fabric similar to that to no avail. I want to make those so bad.
If you want to see some yo mamma jokes,go to my second twitter account
living in KY makes you tweet things like that!
Colgate faced big obstacle marketing toothpaste in Spanish speaking countries. Colgate translates into the command “go hang yourself.”
I even told my friend afterwards: 'This cute girl in red came up to me then scampered off, looked REALLY familiar.. '
5/14-For the 10:30 PM show at Comic Strip Live NYC, coming to the stage: Ray Ellin
let's hit the studio make some music some money some history
when will I realize that the internet will still be here in the morning and I should just go to bed?
Delts will be destroyed! With that being said, live long and prosper. Peace!
dnt give up on my bulls
Thanks for the retweet and for attending the awards luncheon and ceremony.
“ The more I spend time with you, the more I realize I am doing the one thing I told myself I would never do again...”
thanks for being a bad ass! I DM'd you the code!
Download our new FREE APP for iphone & android called california vip!
yeh! That's what we like to see EJ and Dylan Kelly at the helm in Venice studio!
Good evening Mr. Davison, we miss you here man...
cant believe i got outta that. swear, cant hate me. i rocked ur world.
#nowplaying The Cranberries
You take the truth and you put a little curlicue at the end
And to think I didn't believe that guy when he told me his name was "Trash Can Man".
Reason #4 tolls are good: you don't use hazards for moving cars.
--- You are going to make a GREAT Mommy!
ahah! yeah i think i will!
i know thats right wanna keep it real
Meeting this morning with an #attorney that wants to
It's annoying how sports broadcasters talk shit on Miami Heat, when Miamis lost game.
Trying to go to the
What about GM and Chrysler?
would love to know more about why you say this! RT : The phrase "creative coding" and its variants are misleading and distracting.
I play life by ear.
No one (except vendors of cool drinks) should be required to work when the temperature rises above 80 degrees.
come get it
I have a zit on my ear. OW.
I have my copy of Life by Keith Richards in my hot little hands! First chapters look great. My evening is booked! Keef!
send us an email or call us and let's work something out
Having a 512 whiskey aged double pecan porter w/ Holy moly its an amazing beer.
Anyone know how to text directly from my phone, to my evernote? (No emailing involved)
Plus, Cleveland Park is blowing up with St. Patrick's fun. Will RT the best of...
Whatever, I was kidding. (We're not best friends anymore?) Did you take pics of the bacteria?
I need to be somewhere near my bed in the next five minutes.
chillin. Livin the life. When you coming out to KC?
Being so tired that you have no idea what you're even saying anymore.
We hope everyone is enjoying their Easter Sunday!
Happy Friday to you too! Be Blessed!
No :) just a fan
Please tell him that he is welcome to email with any questions. I am eager to know what he thinks.
Just voted for you like 1,000 times ;D time to go vote 1,000 more times lol love ya <3
my bitch bad...she a starr tell her bring it back like a dvr
I just ignore 2 calls
Uefa are so concerned that nonwhite fans could face racial abuse or violence Euro-12 that it is backing plans to create safe areas for them.
at future of work and the free radical w
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend they can't trust.. period.
If you could invite one driver to your house for a BBQ who would it be?
do you think laurinaitis is a good gm
"eat a...stuffed ball of shit" -scott loving me.
Thought I’d be alone for the next 5 weeks while C’s at MacDowell. But now I’ve discovered the mice.
Good Point!
We're the best Steel Dragon cover band in Pittsburgh.
Great minds think alike! (lol). I'll be listening!
I'll totally hang out with you.
OMFG. TAYLOR SWIFT AND ED SHEERAN? TOGETHER? HOLY FUCKING SHIT! IF THEY MAKE A SONG TOGETHER, I WILL CRY. GOD BLESS THESE LEGENDS
Would you like to attend our event, by any chance?
a cute lobster, I bet! :)
and nothing helps complaining.
All weekend, I shopped in the West Bottoms at !
at sitting for 3hrs
When People Take My Shit Before Asking
Can't wait to meet up with you, Marcel!
voted for you...good luck...
I go to get gas and clocked in at $109. Whatever happened to the $85 fills?
getting my holter monitor tomorrow. #tooyoungtobethissick :/
What do you like best about Carrie Underwood or Lauren Alaina?
It's distressing how often I seek to cross something out and miss.
WOW! -> # people who do not pay federal income taxes but not claimed as dependents in 1984 = 14.8%, in 2009 = 49.5%
Sorry to hear that Leonard. Wish we could do more.
I just finished this funky patchwork dress I started 3 hours ago. very boho country chic. I think I've finally outdone myself..and I love it
damn right lol.
follow me lalalalal
Is looking forward to #jujitsu then conditioning tomorrow morning with Gabriel Rainho and the #combatcompany #mma crew!
This week I'm reading The Leftovers by Tom Perotta, so so good.
#Caps Ovi says he's leaving today for the world championships
We saw it twice today. Beautiful words and beautiful music; our 7 yo daughter was mesmerized.
in 30 minutes! I love hearing him speak!
Why are you out there?
so whenever I don't work a billion hours I'm visiting Nathan.
So are you serious ..sometimes you have to stop and ask
Awesome! We look forward to seeing both you and him!
RT : Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but you're so sexy, so have my babies.
RT : Changed my mind...I prefer my page private *shrugs* *>*aww
But, I stand by my point that we should welcome anyone who attends a concert, not scold them for not knowing "the rules"
Things are go so wonderful in my life I can't complain if I wanted too!!!!
Solid. RT : Hey #Bears tweeps, need your feedback for a post. Describe the Bears #draft in ONE WORD.
I already have.... Thanks thought!
The wait is finally over. Great Beer, Great Friends, Great Food, Great Music, Great Fun, all on a Great Lake! Milwaukee Brewfest!!!
I can not wait to get this Tylonel Cold and Sinus in my life... Yes!
Feelin like I need anothA nap
I gave my son a Seattle Mariners ball cap, thus including him in a long dark cycle of futility.
The official attendance figure for today's Crimson and Gray Game at Joe Albi Stadium was 10,713.
#Nothingfeelsbetterthan that moment when beautiful dm's you what you've always wanted<3
Life Is A Bitch.
just one day.
You can't have a better tomorrow if you are thinking about yesterday all the time. - CHARLES F. KETTERING
We continue to get international orders on our online merch store! Thanks to our friends over seas for the support!
We're about to head out for a midnight visit to one of the oldest cemeteries in the county.
Thank you for giving us some sweet tunes! Great event!
It has been said that 80% of what people learn is visual
Read this today...Apples are more effecient than caffeine for waking you up in the morning....Le Peep Guests disagree!
Suitcase = packed.
Why is it 11 and I have yet to eat dinner?
Just starting work on a new piece - rehearsing on governors island. It's beautiful. Thanks LMCC!
you're so lucky!!
I meant
“: Rep. Becker shuffles #civilunions bill to the back of the bus. Instead of being heard 5th, it will now be ninth. #coleg”
": 40 percent of women have thrown shoes at a man." here is another good site :-)
I hate when females talk about a basketball player being her "hubby", lmfao you sound dumb!
I get a lump in my throat when you're around
HAIL SOUTHERN!!!
Middle finger to the law. Merry Christmas
out to the burnie for some odd reason.... rainiy days
Good girl. The lower back tattoo does tend to be the watermark of the promiscuous.
"Who knows better than you know, / Lady, the circumstances of this event" William Bronk, from "Virgin and Child with Music and Numbers"
didn't know you knew small world :) Reunion on the terrace soon? I gotta drive over for some fun in the sun!
Guy behind me: "he is hitting .300" Guyer is actually hitting .200
hello! does your gallery have live bands ever?
I'm sure my #EBUS118 students are even more excited to try your pie for free (my treat, not yours)
Library all day today... and every day this week.
i love it austin (:
BaltimoreActs helps mobilize Baltimore in support of causes that matter. First up: Baltimore Acts for Haiti!
seriously? how?
#newspaces4learning I miss you guys!
oh we ain't 4get bout all u dinero dynasty fans n followers its finna go down drecam!
Head to Barneys this wk-Bring in a gently used pair of jeans to donate to charity, score 20% off a pair of full-priced jeans.
"But you see, Meg, just because we don't understand doesn't mean that the explanation doesn't exist." - Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time
. at #eli2012 quoting Christopher Dede: "We treat learning like sleeping" (assuming we all do it the same way)
I feel so good
I hate when people act funny towards me over stuff i have no control over ..-_-
Damn guys.
The two most broadly cultivated species of the coffee plant are Coffea canephora & C. arabica.
if I make myself throw up.. Do you think we can leave this town?? I allergic to the smell..
Excited that is back on!
I had those shoes in high school! the kamikazes
hey shut the fuck up.
1800 is my shit. im up here blowing now. that sure would be nice with it. lol
*you're* whos the joke now
woohoo congratulations to you too!!! :)
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them more.
Just finished a songwriting session...country tune "She's the One" officially done. Now, anyone got a connection w/ ?
not breaking news RT Rep Huntley to Hse: "I hope you all realize that Mn. is watching & I hope you realize how stupid we look
what about the class of 2012? When will our commencement speaker be announced?
Stick a fork in them, they're done.
I'm honored to have been asked to present on an advocacy and online engagement panel next week at #campaigntech in DC!
Will be in Chicago on Friday -- you folks up for lunch? (or maybe even have a spare desk downtown?)
Welcome !!! Could not be happier tonight!!!
hey girl hey(: so your beautiful, and you should follow mehhh! also whos the guy in your keek? #heshot (;
Currently ninth in line at Ollie's Trolley in Louisville. Gotta have my Ollie w cheese.
Love is grand; divorce is a hundred grand.'
Im dying to go to casas this weekend
How are you? and your welcome
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!54
Audition Tip: Learn how to appear relaxed when performing in styles outside of your usual comfort zone.
Tomorrow is the big day. Andrew meets my parents.. may god be with you .
so deep carla. How u been?!? Love the new track btw!!!!
there's no better feeling then when an idea in your head starts to become a reality.
love it. thanks girl. i was listening to someone with some really backwards ideals earlier and that made me feel better hahah
I'm envious of you. I was walking by all the food trucks in Farragut today thinking, there needs to be a Dino BBQ food truck here
The only time u should ever look back is to see how far you've come.
Several jabs at AT&T for their unreliable service.
Thanks to everyone who participated in and supported the 32-hour relay!
Cuban's craziness to dismantle the Mav's may haunt them for years ; it'll probably be a awhile before they win another ring! Laker
People should follow you just 'cause you're you...duh
miss you guys so much
Tuesday is field trip day duh (;
Fuck daylight savings time
Lets get our ears pierced boys
#ThingsThatIWantToHappen get a tan ASAP!
lol just got done looking at LL coo j on the tyra show and counted how many times he licked his lips lol 62 times hell naw
Beta testers: tried texting your checkin to Budge yet? "I weigh 145 pounds." "I meditated 5 minutes" & Budge texts back w/ useful context.
That sounds a wee bit convenient to me.
Bishop Wells was right on today with his thoghts on Joseph very uplifting. Go Bishop Wells. Cynthia Harris
i know that's right! It be like that some times buddy
In case u think Pujols is washed up, he just launched a rocket into left field seats agnst Floyd & #whitesox...damn!
RT : Can't wait. Prepping & packing has begun! RT : #WFFConf12 starts this Sunday. Can’t wait to see you all there!
People that say, "Don't get old" are full of sh*t. I can't wait until I can wear a diaper in public and not be judged.
I guess several of population on earth don't like it too :/ just guess
smart thinking. I fully intend to do that rather soon, however, I may be lucky and 'inherit' a car from my fiancee's sister.
yes :D just one!
what are you gonna do? <U+0001F631>
I like how you get mad because I'm seeing MY DAD whatever i don't need this
awww your the best you think so do you really.
2nd half lets go! Play for your life!!!
is on his way to Kentucky for a meeting...
can u plzzzzzz follow me I'm ur biggest fan!!!!!
Some asshole in The Dangerous Summer -.-
Ur Ghetto: if u got sneakers hanging from ur telephone lines. Ur looking at a pair wondering if they fit u, jumping with a very long stick.
haha I know right but teachers were saying it might be sat the UNM gym I was like good luck with that
One in a million*
right niggas wasn't makin no commission
The Smithie spread from your natural habitat of New England is a worrying ecological trend.
Anyone else going to the SFIMA Summit next Friday?
We are IN for Friday of Memorial Day weekend if you are. 5/25. There will be brisket and challah. Let us know!
Your welcome
Super pissed that someone dinged the hell out of my door. #c'monman
Come help me break in the pool!
What did you run?
I could totally be a musical director for . Got that shit on lock.
Looking forward to seeing my colleagues tomorrow!
tweet about what to do during the test?
hopefully sometime today but I'm pretty sure he's comin home today
I can't imagine anything worse. Is everything okay?
My big bro is going and I am so jealous and I said if you are close enough have Crosby sign my penguin shirt!!!!?!:-D
Who would have thought it would be Matt Ryan making the mistakes, go Pack!
- great loops guys, appreciate your work!
I'm honored! :)
Double aw!
ONE-LINER: I'm not mentally ill, I just have a problem with reality.
May is Teen Self-Esteem Month
Hi there. If you want to forward your resume to me at , I'll make sure your resume gets seen.
srry I didnt answer. I was eating dinner then hung out in my downtown lol
yay!!! I can't sleep well tonight!
Uncomplicated Woman uses her femininity in a powerful, persuasive (POSITIVE) way to lift the men in her life.
no how could you?!
Haters hate that other people like something they don't like so they hate them because of the persons likes.
It's kinda like going back to language X once you learn and enjoy shiny language Z. I didn't spend $1000+ for my bed though. :)
Love your tweets. Do you go to The People's Church? Glad Rick suggested your feed. It's super!
so the bike I planned on buying got sold by the owner's sister (ergh) so I'm back to (craigslist) shopping. any tips? I wanna move fast!
#RejectedPromThemes Here for the Beer
Autograph Joe Tait book "Its been a real ball" 216-623-7449 or 623-7420&purchase a ticket for our April 18th event and it is yours.
What doesn't kill you makes you Stronger
When people run around and around in circles we say they are crazy. When planets do it we say they are orbiting.
What I thought- "Ah Baltimore County overcrowded schools.. Thanks for giving me so many stories over the years"
I'm the only person on twitter.
I was so confused as to why I'm following a black girl
Dang girls scream loud for a guy wit a good voice. Woah. Lol
I really started writing music to challenge myself, to see what I could write. -Amy Winehouse
“: oh boy! Stuck in the burbs!” you WOULD!
>>>MLM News! Invado International( New Company Listing )
shut the front door! I love Toni! Where will she be? Is the book out already?
I don't have your number anymore silly!(:
It is hard to believe that my son Lee is 24 years old.
?4: did u ever pay sum one to date u
Thanks to for battling runners and epic traffic to hang out with a bunch of actors on this beautiful day at
Congratulations and THANK YOU to Darnell Williams for 12 years of dedication and service to UMKC libraries!
A bad peace is better than a good war.
Anxiety induced insomnia is back. No sleep for days. Awesome.
Time for red velvet cake and fat pants.
There is NOTHING funny about this, Toure! Please show the proper respect for Trayvon and his tragic death or just keep quiet.
should not be allowed to make calls after midnight.
The #rocknrollsocial is tonight. See you there in 10 mins local bands!
I certainly do! It's been difficult being out of town so much but I definitely want to ride this summer. There's no way to
Just gonna say though that I think OWS is very important and I am GLAD it is happening. It showed me that change is possible.
remember last summer when was our friend, & ? how times have changed.
The suns score? I knowww right!! But still #GoSuns RT : Oh, for the love of all that is good and holy! >_<
We are home of the Happiest customers in wireless....Stop on in and let us show you why!
The Speaking Empire Live Event is starting in just 20 minutes! This is going to be an amazing week!
Now we have to root for the Yankees. Somehow, this is JD Drew's fault.
Why, thank you for the mention! I'm honored.
End of school...and I have to do a fashion project, research for photography presentation, AND study for this hopeless anatomy final.
#ForTheLastFridayof2011 or #TheLastFridayof2011 needs to be trending.... Like now!
Funny that time warner goes down in the middle of discussions for new service. Reminds me why I should talk to others.
In love with Austin Mahone, Justin Bieber, There so Cute lol ^_^
good post!
Happy cinco de mayo ! <U+0001F335>
Thank you and sending (((hugs))) back your way!
we are open till 4. Come get some food at half time or after the game....
Cool. Hope you like it!
the lakers outscored the thunder in the fourth quarter!
8:21am on a Saturday???? No spank you. Back to sleep
Praying for safe trip home 4 you & encouragement w all you are doing & accomplishing, touching so many lives so wonderfully!
you're welcome
Okay my family is insane
Getting my nails done in the morning with my Ma!
It depends on what we'd get, but I'd probably trade up...
um is a faggot. end of story. :)
After Ur done getting Ur vocal cords warmed up at the #Milwaukee Walker Recall protests, stop at either BrassMonkey location for #Karaoke!!
Yes! Especially this year. RT : I wish tree pollen was like a vampire: revoke its invitation and it has to leave.
#DearGod thank you 4 another day to pursue my passions & fulfill my purpose. Give me the patience to deal with people & a heart of humility
Those smoothies that I've been making recently have been bringing all the young men into my front garden...?!
But I'm ready to relax and enjoy myself tonight!
Tacos for dinner? Who's hungry yet?!
Riding to Phoenix with
There's just not enough time in a day it seems like.
My dad n me are watchin softball man I miss the good ol days. Some of the best memories I have are from playin softball. 2nd base bitch <U+E00D>
I'm looking for anyone who handles social media at/for an area law firm. Please get in touch!
I agree Johnny aces needs to be fired I can't stand home
I write m/m fiction. :-)
Shades of Grey romanticizes sadism & brutality. A horrible message! Too many women at abuse shelters, killed by boyfriends and husbands.
You know Kelly Clarkson's voice resonates with folks when security guard at your work building is singing "Breakaway" at 7.05 am #itsFriday!
Thanks to the #ACA, 40,000 seniors in #MN05 receive preventative services at no out-of-pocket cost.
Hey Gov. Brewer, know where you can stick that finger? Right where you & your GOP pals are giving it to the middle class.
I attended the LA Screening of SMASH last night at The Grove.....Pure Brilliance!!! Congrats!!! I smell EMMY!!!
is MALLET easy or hard to use?
At this store in Raytwn & this chick got on USPA sandals -_-
people piss me the fuck off .
if you love happy hour you would also LOVE bartab!!
Grateful for milk. Simple, nutritious and something that doesn't have to taste like chicken.
Yep, that was a GEICO Caveman, cross-dressing in a cheerleader uniform.
girls with big asses freak me out 2...... lol
I'm more of a drugs & hugs kinda guy Jesse ;)
What story would you create with LideScribe? Great 10x team to watch.
To Everyone I offer these gifts, sweet surprises; Everyone I offer clarity; I offer freedom; offer joy; peace of mind; & always Love
I want to become a country singer though I am black and I was not born in a country region I just have a dedicated passion for it, who cares
I've been up all night, coffee right now. feeling iggghttt.
This Alamo Bowl is insane...I should of bet on the "over"
Have to be up in 3 hours <U+0001F47F>
on slickdeals,front page....not sure which to choose between 2 or 3
RT : Beer Here: Eternal Flame by Capital Brewery: Eternal Flame, a new anniversary brew from Capital Brewery and one ......
I workout!
- I appreciate u sharing that Wade, now we have a perfectly reasonable defense, whenever we need to smack some since into
You havent paid rent in 2 months
Woot! I wouldn't expect Ms. Lada to do anything less. Thanks for including us. Cheers to
New BOOST Mobile Blackberry on the faster CDMA network! $60 UNLIMITED EVERYTHING. Come check them out today~~ 303.321.3330
Thanks for the kind words. I am always in a state of shock after those things - mostly because I can't remember what I said.
I don't know why you insist on picking on gals with cankles!
thank baby geeezus for vasilia and that website <3
lmao lmao I love you for this
:) your welcome(:
Wishing I was attending #cil2010 this year.
ok, I don't think I have. Why do you ask?
I would but was drinking till 6am again, Haha... Gotta rest up for the Celtics game, I'll come visit soon...
I really didn't mind the theme song all that much as its own thing. There's an "evil universe" version in a later season.
If what we are doing with our anger is not achieving the desired result, it would seem logical to try something different. - Harriet Lerner
looks right up my alley! Busy Thursday already, tho.
you're a joke. Just quit now
bet u wont say homies
He'll be back. Probably with a new wife at that point.
Early Medieval Europe understood such concepts which became alien to later "Enlightened," people. The west lost the mystical called it East
These stores make me imagine humans plugging in like electric cars...Very interesting aesthetic
Love the collection!
#FF Welcome new followers
Wen he smiles :)
“ My SOLs next week , times is getting hard. What I'm finna do???? CHEAT CHEAT CHEAT HARD! Ain't no failing on this blvd”
so happy to be working with you Josh!
I want go home but the music won't let me. LOL. Bad music!!
My favorite TED Talk
Is your major gift program an uninventive "Friends Circle" or have u given it a name that echoes who u r?
Information overload is costing me $10,215 to $14,301 per year
welcome! So what's up?
Off to go make sandwiches for sweaty demanding college students.
I think i wanna marry you!
I fucking hate duke.
your #RhetoricalFigure of the day: proslepsis. that is all...
Today I need lots of luck. Fingers and toes and legs and eyes crossed. I really need you to concentrate for me. I think it may be working..
And it should be nice and cool in SLC! RT : the conference looks really interesting.
Bacon cooked with RT : Just made it....bacon is what are chittychatting about??
People who leave home 1 way come back another.Their mind changed their life took a new direction.If you, be renewed mind by the word of GOD.
Slowly working my way out of this rabbit hole
. That's cat hair. They like to sleep on them. Get over it
could we please interview you guys? (:
If your success is not on your own terms, if it looks good to the world but does not feel good in your heart, it is not success at all.QM
I had to read it three times to see it. dang!
Amazing day in los angeles..Venice beach anyone? :)
we've been here always! How are you?
I am reaping the harvest God promised me and taking back what the devil stole from me (It is hard) but I rejoice 2day, 4 I SHALL RECVER ALL
I need to see that movie
Haha to the what??? ;) RT : should come to the souther section of northeastern south Florida! :)
I once smoked a million blunts in Hollywood with Devin The Dude
btw, Ridley Scott did Blade Runner. you knew that, but I had to mention it because, well, it's Blade Runner.
PSU Department of Theater Arts continues Hamlet tonight at 7:30. Tickets starts at $8.00, and show runs through Sunday and next Wed. - Sun.
I just want to live in outer space.
Who's coming to see us in Cleveland March3rd at Peabody's we need some photos and live vids so we would like to work with you!
Its gonna be a good night!!!!!!!
nice to know that u r a beliver. please uphold me in ur prayer. thanks
I was only nervous for a couple of mins. Learned how to use all the machines and that baccarat is slow as fuck.
duh, everybody knows.. but I was really talking about (:
Feed your mind well. It's where action starts.
Wassup, Que? Where ya off to?
Till I Collapse
guess it must be really late because but=crack
RT A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor. ~English Proverb
Curds and Whey! Anyone eating cottage cheese with their lunch today?
Red Wings win 21 in a row at home!
Right?! You remember! It's his "I will wither you with sarcasm" look. Good times. RT : that is uncanny
Passive attribution tagged on at the end of a sentence should be made obsolete, said I.
Support my big sister in all her endavors
For sure! That's what's up!
Thank you!
Thank you for the follow!!
Your followers thank you for the "only tweet what you've fully read" commitment.
idk my mom wont tell me but its close to my city is all i know<3
The works of Epicurus and Lucretius are saved in this "Name of the Rose"-like story about a 15th century scholar. The Swerve,
Tomorrow night who wants to party?
but nice bike though
I hate when someone leaves my room and doesn't shut my door
I'm working. It's slow...
Going to celebrate Earth Day w/ my bff & her twins. So.freaking.excited. Can't wait 2 c their reactions 1st zoo visit!
Listen at work today. More tickets up for grabs before 6pm!!!
can't tether with iPhone unless I pay stupid amount of money.
hope to see & And I love you. You're brightening lives daily. Keep shining.
It's not summer till you see lightning bugs. I just saw lightning bugs.
Kayla is going to be PISSED when she finds out I won this bet . (;
Without u, ur spouse will not become the person that God intends & His Kingdom will not advance as it is meant.-John Eldredge
It owes us lol. 11 more inches and we can have what we were originally told.
That is EXACTLY my cousin's fb status right now. ahhaha Hope u r well <3
On way to a murder mystery tonight..hope I'm not part of the show!
I still prefer to give him to Ethan, lol.
thanks for the mention glad you liked it
You think you know what my life's about, but I'm not being negative I'm just facing up.
People that talk shit mind your own fucking business and worry about yourselves.
Zien isn't wired up right...geez...
How can I BE a REAL part of 'THRIVE'?
Idk anymore .. tired of not beingg true to me & who i am ..
sick of my family thinking my OCD isnt real n I should just get over it n that I wanna be sick n wont help myself!
RT : "It's the cool kids' club!" Myla Skinner on
why is it that I never want to sleep anymore?
"Empowering business *TO* improve social..." missed the "to"
i think Ken did that?
Horsing around makes me :)
Don't let this cold weather hold u down. Warmth is just around the corner. Get a head start on summer and get motivated!! Don't wait!
Hungover boyfriends make for good entertainment.
I can't spot you with you're new haircut
did anyone else find mockingjay dissipointing
Wow, indeed.
Signing new contracts today with my new commercial agent! :) Coming soon to an ad campaign near you . . . Elizabeth Mihelich :)
An honest mistake! Charlie Crist looks just like Byrne if you squint your eyes... and assume all old white guys look the same.
IKR! Just a tad FLAWLESS
Mrs Beasley: I'm picking fights with Otis in bed! It's way more fun to fight than it is to sleep! Hahahahaha!!
sending u something tonight lets get it in
they're free, and go on the X-Factor website.
Going back home to NOLA in August, have to visit more regularly. Too much fun.
Really think this guy will last a while <3
Looking for Gluten-Free menu items for lunch and dinner? Dine with Los Equipales today!
Awesome time at #technori today. Cool pitches from Chicago tech startups. Look out Palo Alto!
Read rate for text messages: Over 96% 5x higher than emails. So why are you still sending emails out to customers? Text me : 916-420-6020
Very poor possession by the Celtics there to try and win it. Gotta do better.
Yep, that's a fantastic paper.
Yes - we're back. Sorry for the break, work was smackin our asses! :)
Good luck fighting through all the scientists...
I'm a big fan of your show fam, Salute!
#YouKnowItsRealWhen one of your followers say the shower was real as fuck & now u wondering what I really was like ... Lol
You are all that God needs to begin a movement.
Hahahaha. James is such a fucking weirdo. Love it.
Have a great trip!!
should be going on tour with and this spring..they would've made that tour 10x better
man spell something lol!
Lmao. I'm lookin at a tatoo that is off the chain! He is wearin the hell out of it! Lol. #luvatattonasexyman!
just bought money in a game with real money.
Thanks for the retweet!
I can't deal with this phillies game right now.
practice today ....get better!
give me more #kerosene haha :')
My parents are creeping on my sister's friend. Lmao, I can't.
so youre saying youre in? We'll see you at the pasture in a little over an hour.
shuddup all you attention whores!
Let's go Soriano!!!!
STFU ALREADY IM CRYING RIGHT NOW
I can get you tagged with one of those mircotracking chips if you'd like
Best part of today is looking for my goodie filled basket later!!!
I'm going to make an ad-hoc croque madame sadwich... so damned underfed, only cheese pork and eggs will suffice.
Actually having a semi good day. So all the people who bitch about my tweet here ya go.
Meta-congrats Dan. :)
: Storify is very intuitive, easy to use to create story from twitter stream.
Hope it wasn't one of your coworkers who made the mistake!
To being the only bo & youngest with 3 older sisters and one younger step sister, I unite
only 3 more semesters in ramnation...gotta step it up...last 3 chances for improvement
Trying not 2 give in 2 the #caffeine addiction this afternoon. Must fight through the headache!
Rooster gots all the luck -_-
Busy trying to block out the quality pitching tonight. Let's groove fastballs to Pujols and see what happens! Good plan!
Mother's love is the fuel that enables a normal human being to do the impossible. ~Marion C. Garretty
RT Friday can't get here fast enough.
lol! I mean... It's a cool van! Haha jk. No van
Excuse me, excuse me -- I might drink a little more than I should tonight ... :)
me too! I drink like 10 cups of water every day...
Does Tim Tebow actually count as a left-handed "backup"? Or even as a left-handed "quarterback"?
Dinner my Morgan and daddy. :)
watching this pageant dance jus sed "why is it an 8 count? Why can't they go to 10" haha never seven thought about it lol
Month long hiatus/dryspell? BUT! Have new chapter, &introduction to very important plot point. &I know where next starts.
Wait. Ke$ha isn't even that bad live. Why does everybody I've ever heard say she sucks live? And why did I believe them? Haha
Steven Yang, Follow UP!
Follow back??
Dreams come true with space and time.
Look like i been hittin the weights
that is what I think!
i love it too! I have it but only wore it once. I don't have the balls to wear it as often as i'd like :-( lol
taking it a day at a time but please instant message me on facebook brother
I think I need some corporate champions.
My first saved Google search: 11/26/07: "bermuda cars." Hint: You can't rent them. Try a moped -and drive on the left!
unintentionally starting to conceptualize McLuhan as the plebeian Derrida of new media
Say The Word, I can make it happen! :+D RT : Brrr ... What southern state have you considered moving to this month?
and she doesnt have one at all
Frankie Ballard opening up for Seger..Rock band w a banjo! Love it!
Being single does not mean no one wants you...it just means that God is busy writing your love story
no bro... I was good.. Just observing other peoples bad karma on that one... Ha ha
Ok I've tweeted enough for this A.M <U+270C>till later!! #hairflo <U+0001F481><U+0001F486><U+0001F487><U+0001F469>
Soups: tortillini brodo, ravioli florentine , Chicken Pastina, Potato bacon, Tomato basil ravioletti, lentil, Split Pea M
I want Believe Tour Dates! And for you to follow me one day....
I have no right to complain of being tired at end of day, women don't work as hard as men & so on.
RT : Enjoy the science of spirits and experiment with the molecular mixology tonight for
Keep living with the old memories and you'll never make new ones...
Yeah you can ignore me.
BOGO 50% off denim at !!! Sounds like a shopping-spree waiting to happen :-)
Happy leap year, everyone! We're in the BONUS ROUND of February...
That's why I don't even wear shorts to school.
As I said, simply HammerTime will do RT : Part 2 by Building Moxie will be out on Friday! The Bonus Round by Mr. HammerTime.
Interesting trend: 45% of our MBA applications so far are from women & most attendees at info session this week were women. Deadline May 7.
Sweet !! Enjoy the game
Why is Curren$y only on for the west coast dates for Roc the Bells?.
could have been a yoga accident. Or a mishap at the dentist. Oh wait, British spy? Scratch the dentist angle.
I guess I'm the only one who used to arrange my color pencils by size & color and pretend I was principal of a segregated elementary school.
I rediscovered my love of Golden Grahams tonight.
where did you first hear broken girl?
134 bus driver singing and calling him self the OBJ. Original. Bus. Jockey. Giving bulls updates from last night n the weather. Love it.
usually last minute haha
Check the LifeStyle
Nice Casino up there?
HI Larry, yup & its a 2008 one. #ALEC wasn't discovered as (I guess) it was hiding as a non-profit.
You are killing me!!! I'm on the west coast dammit...your tweets are cracking me up....I can't wait to watch tonight...
Of course, Bon Iver on repeat while freezing sure makes you want to drink JD and cry, preferably while wrapped in a Snuggie.
I need to change my mojo.
2 good drives to work in a row! Thanks plows!
Here we go..
3 Days Left to Enter the #FreeArtGiveaway!
Quality over convenience. Design before default. Get in touch with your richer sense of experience. What's your higher standard?
Why am I the only one who think that "refill" song is annoyn?
Great places all around! What about riding down by the beach?
If your wife made you change the channel, you gotta do what you gotta do. Would u do the same tomorrow :30?
I agree; I should have been clearer that it is more complicated than money; orgs need intellectual capital investment as well.
Thanks for the mention!
thanks for the mention! Don't forget...it's for stub club members only!
Stick tight for a bunch of cool shit from us soon. :)
I have to laugh at the last.FM community sometimes.
But so wat who cares
A Look At Why India's Luxury Market Is Exploding via
Can you say "Parking the bus"?
I need you.
- Ryan, Ryan, Ryan - MY HEART tells me not to give up. How can I deny it?
taking the girls to the pool
Late adopter on this, but #Shameless is completely awesome.
I hear laughter. RT : BREAKING: New poll finds Santorum with a slight edge among women in ankle-length gingham jumpers.
was poppin bra
Setting up email servers is a task best saved for people you dislike.
Chicks that talk like they excellent n bed, & don't be bout shit <<<<
Happy Mother's day to all the moms. Your hard work and sacrifice is appreciated and some may not say it but it does not go unnoticed!! ;-)
i refuse 2 give up. i refuse 2 let her walk out my life, im determined more than ever 2 make it right, i will have her back in my life!
Clint Hurdle's face hurts me
Keep your breath fresh. Brush after meals and coffee. Use the strips. Don't chew gum. Ever. It makes you look like a cow.
We've just started #RVA! It's not raining in the 23220 zip code so COME ON OUT! #BlackLove Fest TODAY!
Research is formalized curiosity. It is poking and prying with a purpose.—Zora Neale Hurston
So excited about season two of #DowntonAbbey tonight!
finding good restaurants to follow
I def need it framed, but have to wait til I get back from Africa. I'll be in touch.
we're still here if you wanna come over
: yeah, big difference btwn "journal" & "blog"…we all laughed at "blog" term when it emerged. now it's THE txt form.
For the first time since we launched our site, we had over 1,000 unique visitors today alone. Thank you DFW! Only 9 more days
(That thing where a book review is so good that you can't believe how lucky you are that the book that inspired it is on queue)
so fricken true
Yeah, sorry buddy. If you want to make a proof pic. I'll accept it. *shrugs* Gotta be cautious on the web.
for being my sick buddy <U+0001F44F><U+0001F618><U+0001F60A><U+2764>
dem dudes
What up witt it? I been working on that "Texas Tornado" My Mixtape.. Imma keep you posted Twitter Fam.
whoa... I'm straight like Indian hair then
they missed it bad!! did another one of his stupid last minute goals..
Hmm... the #Browns play the Steelers at home Thxgiving weekend... need to talk to my brother!!
Had a great time on the set of "Southland"
Headed to Germany for #SpaceTweetup this weekend. Will visit Speyer Tech Museum on Mon and view the Soviet Space Shuttle Buran test vehicle.
The best way to stab someone in the back is to get behind them.
AIR 12 on the scene of a commercial fire at Pacific Dye Cast on NW Fruit Valley Road in Vancouver. Fire appears to be out. No injuries.
is a bit… uncritically pro-tesla. The earthquake machine is at best… suspect. Although, Tesla++
You say its too late to make it but is it too late to tryy
#ThingsICantLiveWithout Not being on this Account For the Past.. Month!
Be the person your dog thinks you are.
The coffee table vibrations from the boys phones when the bars let out
Rob Wilson checks in for the
I hate that you can't listen to MLB games via internet radio, but I love that the Tigers game is the free game of the day on MLB radio.
Its ashamed that I can put my own freon in my car, I'm very talented, dnt need a man 2 do it, cause I CAN DO IT,yay mek,lol!!!!
To be honest I really do miss all my high schools
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.
Ready to eat some Bdubs!
Im glad I work at Fedex now. Just another escape from campus every night.
Young Niggas run everything.....
doing final-final edits on my book. This will be a quick and easy process since I've already edited, right? Right?
love Decaf!<U+2665>
If I could just break away from Madden 12 I would most likely _____________
There is always a little more toothpaste in the tube. Think about it.
Actually LOVE this.
chicos house of jazz, after hours 21+ party at boozle, TRS is playing but i didn't tell you, lol!
Link me plz. RT Holy sh*t...just found out Jadakiss has a new mixtape out with DJ Drama!!!
Looking forward to class on Saturday, hope you all can make it! We're located at: 10835 Santa Monica Boulevard Los Angeles, CA 90025
Check us out on Facebook! Search for Slyder Football and "Like" It.
Thank you and Jake for being generally awesome today! Cupcakes are serious business.
Great tip from the #WeightWatchers website:"I don't put anything in my mouth unless I write it down and hold myself accountable for it."
I cannot stand when people make me take my headphones out. It practically says, "Do Not Disturb".
Innovation as not a Thing. It is a Culture. It is about the who, how & why.
hits everyone the same way. The series finale will leave you feeling like you have nothing left to live for
long story. I will tell u at lunch mayb.
that translates to "I Am Score" .... actually everything malkin says in russian does
Guys, the new Sam's Club is awesome. It opens tomorrow.
thank you for helping spread the word about WWK on FB!
It's hard taking care of my weave, I need a new one!
Copaganda: The misinformed belief that 1 bad cop means they're all bad cops!
it's about time. Love you : O
Morning: Today's a lazy outfit/hair day :) School- one of the cutest guys comes up to talk to you after school Me- Crap. >_<
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!! PLEASE
thanks for the make-my-day-hashtag #CueFanGirlSqueals I also love the title The Time it Rained in Puerto Rico!
AND IRISH
my dog is asleep
RT TR_Problems: What would have happened if I turned left?
"I Love Haulin' Oats, Maneater": Condescension as Integral Component of Agrarian Perspectives on Cannibal Culture
Bitter experience has taught us how fundamental our values are and how great the mission they represent. Jan Peter Balkenende
: 90% of mental health patients receive incomplete or inadequate care.
But yeah .. Good Night followers! :)
Our #1 reason for being here! Hopefully we get a couple more weeks of it.
Listening to Lyfe Jennings just chillin' about to start on some homework in a minute.
spoiler alert hahaha
Great day of meetings on #capitolhill #lobbying for bipartisan efforts to promote #energyefficiency in homes & buildings.
": #Taurus is independent." *Clapping*
I absolutely don not miss you
Update: little baby's in the hospital for a second overnight. Meredith is there with him and I'll be caring for the other boys.
(2/2) Will the GSU decision provide incentive for unis/libs to get involved in supporting open textbook initiatives?
MLB pitchers love stupid necklaces like Billy Ray Cyrus loves being a bad dad
"If you don't make money off your Talents and Creativity, someone else WILL! So…Embrace your Creativity!™ —DJohnson T&B ;-)
ME TOO!
Lady: what are you shooting? Me: pilot for MTV called "x" Lady: never heard of it Me: yeah cause we're shooting it right now moron.
I'm speaking politically. But my larger point is that the lessons Jesus taught are inherently liberal and not conservative
Appreciate the #follow!
RT “: RT "The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art." ~John Lasseter
your talk was awesome (as expected)
Alright Folks.....Friday night show is in Cocoa Beach and Saturday in Melbourne......Its gonna be a great weekend!
goodness gracious you are the sweetest!!!
ONE-LINER: The repairman will never have seen a model quite like yours before.
goodmorning morning to you too beautiful
Very sad to hear that Hillman Curtis just passed away. :( He first inspired me to get into web design and video.
what you doing today!?
Which is just as accurate.
what about a twitter chat between students, parents and teachers like an #edchatsa?
Don't neglect the fine woolen socks. Many book-themed disguises are given away by an inferior sock.
Not meant to be negative. Thought the effort was short-sighted. I want to elevate the conversation and find ways to be inclusive.
Bring it on, Monday!
The Lombardi cast enjoyed the kind words of all the media 2nite at the stadium, gr8t meeting and all others too...
Still cleaning strong. Late night
Looking to try something deliciously different this weekend? Try our Sweet Jamaican Jerk Gourmet Pizza Now!
Kim parker built ahh
I just logged into Youtube for the first time in weeks. I feel like I have no idea whats going on with all the changes ugga
And David Cassidy is 61! Astonishing!
I fall way too fast. That's my problem.
#10favouritebands THE SCRIPT
Ha! Have you experienced that awk moment, too? Oof, and Just TRY not to self-analyze when it happens.
amanda show!
RT : S/o to the team we have been working hard!
At home with the wife eatting pizza
Bangin one out with
Thanks to everyone who me! I'll make sure to get on here more often (and make the other guys get on here, too!) <3 you all! -Chris
We are the Living Social Las Vegas Deal Today! Check it out!!!
RT : 's Barrio Starts off con El Guidi, Guidi during The 5 O'Clock FIESTA w/ in the MIX! Now till 10pm Lots 2win
I Am That Too
Love Travel, Love History? www.TravelandHistory.com
Wow! Go Ashley Robbins! What an audition!
That was fast, did they run the kick back?
just got contacted by aliens. \mn/
Movie trending now in Chicago, IL : The Eagle (live updates)
RT : Host your next event @ the Venetian! Our Piazza Room holds up to 80 and is perfect for receptions & private parties.
Thanks for the follow new followers! Welcome! And please help us to spread the word! The next BCBA exam is 2 months away!
oh I'm glad you guys weren't hip to that info! How's everything going? It's been a while!
Simply put, I love 's free private git and mercurial repos.
Predictions for the #GatorBowl? #OhioState or #Florida?
I bet someone gets dumped today
#NP "Tell Me" Bobby Valentino (my 05 swag song) lol
“To have great poets, there must be great audiences.” <U+2015> Walt Whitman
Misfortunes, untoward events, lay open, disclose the skill of a general, while success conceals his weakness, his weak points
Plan your next corporate event . . . . email for packages and rates
oh, I'll be fine & doing legs again by this weekend. Just a couple days of discomfort between now & then :-)
Thanks for the follow.....
JESELNIK FOR THE WIN! : I just found out the other half of Dick Clark died.
There is a difference between a person who is a chef because they can't do anything else & a cook who does the job & can't do anything else
yay! congrats. enjoy the last 4 weeks :)
Style is knowing who you are, what you want to say, and not giving a damn” Orson Welles
Perhaps you'll find our prayer-app useful then www.birdofprayer.org . Hope you find your peace soon.
Looking forward to hearing your thoughts.
Needs to or is it there? RT a mikey and bob channel needs to be found at dot com
don't be like that...he's just expressing himself....I would do the same thing because I'm a Christian!
The CHOCOHOLIC is back! Chocolate chip chocolate cake, filled with chocolate whipped cream then dipped in ganache! Stop by today!
There really isn't anything on tv in the middle of the day ugh i need something to do
Bootywhole is sucha wild word take the time to txt or type it out and see how crazy its feels Lmfao
Surgical Video: Adnexal Cystectomy with case presentation (Huge Cyst!)
I know but still
Who has been your favorite Idol of all times in 11 seasons?
Unpack this, plz.
Every time that Angels commercial comes on I wanna shoot the tv.
can't wait to see in San Diego this Friday..
lucky me ;)
Seeing my friends from metro today made me realize how much I miss them...
Oh no! That guy is creepy.
awww wow you are so amazingly awesome! =X <3 thank you!!! and i am not too bad how about you? =))
A redesign might appear around 2012 for both the Navigator and the Ford Expedition, but don't bet on that just yet
#8Mile is on again tonight.(;
brah, u there?
hahah love it. Whoever did that is a fucking legend
Just finished Christine Falls by Benjamin Black, the crime-writing pseudonym of literary novelist John Banville. Good stuff!
I have an important meeting tomorrow regarding the launch. I have everything together and you pet parents are going to love this.
<U+2754><U+2754><U+2754> don't act like your life is bad or something.
saw a great game, eh?
#ilovemymombecause she's the one person that has always been there for me when no one else was. <3
Great questions from Towson's #mcom333 class during our social media discussion. Enjoy spring break! Thanks to for inviting us.
You know someone who knows me?
Dear God, I wanna take a minute, not to ask for anything from you. But simply to say thank you, for all I have.
we can work a sample out to see if we work together. Then work something out?
no u don't have to. And I just run to stay in shape like around the block & stuff
And I spent weeks telling them exactly where and how this would happen, but they, as usual, think they know better.
I'm dying to see #ThisMeansWar ...I'm thinking #ValentinesDay date with my girlfriends!
Or maybe some indian food?
My pleasure! It was a terrific piece. RT thanks for sharing my modern love story!
Scratch that, I see that was intentional. Rough morning for me.
Why would school district be retweeting this? RT : RT : Four words that I never want to hear: We're out of beer.
How can I make my divorce easier on my kids? #ChildrenandDivorce Stay tuned for answers.
Give us a @ mention to shout us out we tryna blow this shit up now forreal
hey I met u at playlist live in florida in march but u proboly don't remember me. Well I just wanted to say hi! Follow me??
Yes it is! And Happy Holidays to y to Amy!! & a wonderful New Year!! xo :)
love you.
possibly maybe today could u um u know follow me? PLEASE IT'D MAKE MY YEAR BETTER
Happy Birthday !
So nasty. At least you are on your way home!
Leave it to to totally screw up the debate so quickly
Next shot to sign up for you to own the Britney show is at 1:03pm!!! Good luck
Please All Followback Me =D
Yay for the Belgians! Storify is a little bit Belgian and too :)
Over 600! This one has materials from the 50s, 60s, and 70s -- mostly late 60s/early 70s. Pretty cool stuff!
YUM! Love okonomiyaki... minus mayo.
God is good,victory is won,we just gotta walk in it,and bless people as we walk
The focus this morning at the WEDI #ICD10 forum has shifted to
Oh and church was awesome!! I want that painting!!
My 2 favorite things together, and Nascar. It's going to be a great weekend. :)
When im hungry I always grab a bag of takis<U+2764> that's when they taste the best!
Today I was expected to wait one-half hour without a call or note from a Dept Head during a tornado watch. Manners
#ThatOnePersonWho can make you smile just by saying your name... :)
the easy answer is that so many people here are from somewhere else and brought their team allegiance with them
Jammin and my mom says "Oh! This is that music you all listen to with the laser lights!" um...what?!
An artist is never ahead of his time but most people are far behind theirs. -Edgard Varese
3 largest US health providers give Wisconsin School Districts millions of dollars to fill budget holes. Districts hold out for recalls.
hahah . Oh well .
ELIZABETH WARREN discovers she has Native-American,African-American & Hispanic Heritage & she's turning Japanese.
so clutch! Esp money in ur pocket!
#musesocial. Not sure all audiences want this kind of particip. For those who do, how do they find what museum offers re SM?
lol I know what you mean I'm on 18% (:
Thanks for the RT on teh Digital PBL resources and I hope that help out others in your PLN!
I'm just not a fan of qr codes.
I think it's a falafel kind of day!
: Gia, so excited to have your dad here on twitter.
you know your a pats fan right?!
yes. Were beta testing now. :)
Is it just me or did those refs REALLY want El Salvador to win?
#lovebattle if my "couple" friends share their eharmony FB couples timeline, I might puke. Don't forget core brand purpose.
. Bummed San Diego's isn't unique! What is our Mark Twain connection, anyway? Or was it just that he liked waffles?
“: What's SAS mean?” San Antonio Spurs? I hope.... now my mind wanders & I'm afraid to ask.
Does anyone think we'll see an uptick in demand 4 remote testing centers w/so much online coursework being offered?
I know:/ we used twitcon always chill now never!):
mayweather better learn not to beat up his girlfriend, before he calls out pacman
Should it pick random buzzwords?
IKR love u too
Make it a great one !!
I know! Its all good though
is wondering if she and El caught the same cold.
turning #thebig14 In 2 days(: sending you a birthday gift(:
Retweet and follow if you want to see my young boobs :))
Good life, poised life, incomplete and amending life, life separating at fibers but never removing completely, life excelling its matter, oh
if someone would create a generic Holiday channel on Pandora, I would be much obliged.
bruh were the ugly pic at
I can't even watch it...have yet to ever watch a complete replay.
You trenders literally make me want to bang my head into a wall #pathetic #ThrowBackSongs afroman isn't a throw back
#w2e employees must be empowered to deal with empowered customers. IT needs to become BT "business technology"
will you be my friend? PLLLLLLLEEEEEAAAAASSSSEEEEEE!
Little Green Notebook Affordable X benches - benches for bedroom
really bitch. because i wont be there. get your shit straight.
so glad to hear! What did you have?
Y'all get ready is right! is a catalyst & Yes Plans are afoot ...preview: 1 parcel + 1 project + people power = positive change
Do libraries have a right to lend e-books? Seems like a tough argument to make.
Mountain Goats while writing a paper. Usually like something a little more punk, but JD matches TSE's allusiveness and drunkenness.
#allgamejobs Any Level Designers with A FPS Experience want to be a part of an amazing project on the west coast?
Tuesday mornings are my favorite-I get to volunteer at Nathan Adelson Hospice AND watch my "Price is Right" for an hour!
Yep working on the cd now its kinda a slow process and we are trying to get things together to start a tour soon
more shirt/gear ideas: "Don't Be A Dolt." & "Friends Don't Let Friends Punt." & there has to be a hat that reads, "AP's Hat".
Get schooled - our Education Innovation Report is out! Topics: arts education matters + the skills grads really need.
Lyle Wallis says "in order to make a sane systems dynamics model keep your units consistent"
Depends how fast u need to gain mkt share, ad budget...Answer not always clear, lots of factors to consider
my dad is next to Crawford jersey. Fokker is there a lot.
In some cases, redaction fees are having an impact on reporting.
Congrats Peyton on becoming a Bronco, Denver is a beautiful place for an old horse to be put out to pasture.
Just sent you a Linkedin msg to see if you are available to present at SIC2012.
#RiseNGrind First stop Starbucks so I can make it through the day!
miss my sisters and the bond ;/ idk what happ
AND HOW WAS THE SPRINGSTEEN CONCERT??? really wanted to go!! love bruce. did he do badlands?
whiskey my mans lmao whats good
"Seven Days" was all she wrote. A kind of ultimatum note.
We're prepping for a new set of sales and a new site layout!! How are YOU revamping things for 2012?
Not having money is the root of all evil
The roads are not very happy today so take your time getting around today.
august, august, you are evaporating...
SfAA paper and presentation sent to discussant, check. Im almost there !
aye yo i dnt have ur number to tell you i left early today.
It's my last day of school...ever.
My fashion sense is legendary, I have a real eye, ask anyone
Back to Back shots! Break up the Birds!
So You Can Download Music At #CHURCHCLOTHES .Com ?
Mobile is about providing info to consumer that 's relevant when they need: Flanagan
let's do work soon in LA mat 18th-20th.
Introducing the 2012 GeekDad Fantasy Baseball Franchises - Wired News
“: much love and respect can't wait until you and finish the new record”<< Yes, it's going to be a HEATER;)
Thanks for the RT : )
3 auditions today. First coffee, I'm dragging this afternoon!
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
I love this. wish there was free music in downtown 'burgh everyday.
#wmata disaster this morning to race. Train offloaded and made us late. No special treatment after all!!
I'd give Jay Beagle a 7 on that dive.
Dogzilla baby! #LML RT : Set time for Simon Patterson tonight is 1230-2am! See you there!
What a beautiful Mother's Day! Wishing everyone the same!! Life is GOOD!
I hope her story involved a van full of clowns.
We all have a past..
Haha, good boy!
lol no I don't recommend that. How's the set?
Come celebrate Mothers Day right now River Sports Cafe in Dallas!! Live band + hip show!! 5214 S Lamar St- Free parking all night!!
A Lil and the down bottom fam at the park 2nite
Keep the dream alive: Hit the snooze button.
Lol! Amazing what happens when you don't read the fine print!
‘Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.’ ~Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
Why Change Fails Reason #11: A Belief That You Can Force Them to do It. Short answer: no you can't.
Cheap Trick "Surrender" or Fleetwood Mac "Tusk" live version
he does with us. He needs to stay a little longer. His tour is gonna be really long this time.
Wish I was kitty and could just sleep all day!!!
The people who pump me up while I'm on top, are nothin compared to the people who held me down when I was at the bottom.
Making my way back 2 this music
RT : MYC the place to B
There are approximately fifty Bibles sold each minute across the world
BTW, i forgot to tag some previous answers...haha. sry!
Sure now that the PBO called you out in the SOTU on insider trading, but before you were like Let the Good Times Roll.
You can fit 124,488 M&Ms in a standard Dorm Room Movers box
please follow mee!!<U+2665><U+2665>
Let's do this , Class Of 2012 ;) <3
": I cried when i lost you" ?? Wth u ok ?? What happened
It's 245 am. Shouldn't the "adults" in 2024 shut up and go to sleep? They r called sleeping rooms.
Keep Following My Back-Up ~~>
I have been waiting for you could tweet me but you did not tweet me I feel :(
If you cannot maintain your OWN relaxed hair, do not get a glue or sew in...lmbo.
I've been patient for what, 12 years? I can't believe I bought this game...
lots of wind today!
Wrap your mind around this: the number of sexually abused men equals the population of almost 15 of the lowest populated states.
I love England!
promo vid edit for GKV and Pandora jewelry in the can and on its way
I think the word the stewardess used was "cute"
follow for chances to win prizes on friday!!!
annoyed. Probably should just go to bed before I get into trouble!
Need more coffee this AM !! So tired today ! <U+0001F4A4><U+2615>
Time to enjoy this beautiful weather in LA.... Get out the house and walk the dog..let's go!!!
DC Subways
teach me how to dougie, teach me teach me how to dougieee.
My dress is amaze
Thanks chica! And you're very welcome! :) RT : Love 's recap of the Topshop event hosted by &...
Yes! Pumpkin! She is so much fun!
"We carry burdens we do not need to bear-and life is much harder than it has to be-because we do not realize how powerful prayer is."
I kno better answer my calls !!
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - East German Swim Team Barbie ...a Barbie head on a Ken doll
Holy cow. You ARE single. That's impressive but also crazy.
"hashtag never say never."
So I determined that nobody speaks English in public unless absolutley necessary in Florida.
Up early. Still pumped up over the #49ers win yesterday!!!
When you have a story to tell you must know the right time to tell it!
I really wish i never heard that.
thank you for a fun season. Sad way to end it, but we've been spoiled as Packer fans :)
I just watched Chinatown for the first time last night & wow was Jack Nicholson a handsome SOB.
HEY MAL....Hope the BEAUTIFUL LADY has a BEAUTIFUL DAY in France.....!!
Artician is backup!
Whoa! Yes, that is some serious #1940census addiction :-)
- as you should, you live and work there. See you in the 21st. Peace and Chicken Grease.
ACT here i come
it was a glow stick I had in my hand lol
When im mad I can't sleep
Yeah you do call me hookah;)
I cannot grant your wishes but I can fuck you I always wanted to fuck you!!!
and I just watched Joe Oliver on Word with #Lawrence O'Donnell.V called it a plane crash you couldn't stop watching!
you're welcome! It's well earned!
Love bravely, live bravely, be courageous, there's really nothing to lose ;) x Jewel
Nice job on the pork chops honey, way to spoil good meat.
RT FHHS students - Charlie Enerspacker, BSA Eagle Scout & Ally Clark, new Girl Scout Gold Award - great student servant leaders
I did..RT : text me plz
hey Chris -- got your request on LinkedIn... Just haven't had a chance to log in yet. I'm not ignoring you!
Hottest. Flight. Ever. (and I'm not talking about temperature!!!)
Freshly ground and brewed coffee, maple bacon and french toast. 2012 looks like a good year starting off.
Congratulations to the 2008 Safeway Classic Champion Cristie Kerr for a 12 shot victory at the LPGA Championship.
We returning again Thurs from 8pm to 10pm with our countdown of the hottest Indie music.
before and she told me to get a hotel room down the street lmao
I did enjoy playing Avacyn against a guy on Cockatrice who had ACTUAL Abyss. "upkeep, Avacyn laughs derisively @ you"
No amount of breathing can calm me when he gets all Blinded-Me-With-Science about the entertainment wall. He's been shocked before..
War Wand. Hendo/Shogun is fight of the year for sure!
Vegetables are your best bet when it comes to losing pounds. Nature has a terrific spread when it comes to choosing vegetables
u get a chance to listen to that a$ap rocky mixtape?
All we do at work is think about ways to make you feel really bad then immediately really good about yourself!!!!!
thank you!
I love that we live in the time of
Eating a sandwich. Alone. In the car.
the force be with you, it may.
Missouri River among America's most endangered rivers: “We all need healthy rivers for drinking water, natural flood protection, econ...
LIONS OR TIGERS?
Will there be a list of companies attending broken by industry for the career fair?
life's too short... to live it unhappy...
"Despite All Odds -- Celtics vs Lakers in 2012 NBA Finals"
there are just too many ways to go with that one that I can't even respond to it. Joke overload...
IS THE UNIVERSE
Favorite "essay" of sorts concerning #whitneyhouston exists via through Patrick Bateman in American Psycho.
Not the first time I've gotten the meat sweats!
Check out my Blogs I will start posting - They will relate to Music + Life + YOU!
People were shocked for a second it sounded like Megatron said the Lions pick Ryan Leaf!
No story on 229 improvements. Broken link?
Thank you Stephan! He donated $10, he's a real Fun Friend!
can't tomorrow but let's do lunch. I'm on baby duty. :-)
Next stop: NY Penn Station.
Nap time!
Hey Twitter! We can't wait to provide Charlotte with more new and great music! Follow us in our journey to revolutionize music!
I'm supposed to stop sayin shit like that but fuck it
For real? Where u at? Im here. lol
Should minimize needless frustration, e.g. data format incompatibility, really bad UI. Some tech knowledge prereqs ok.
Beyond irritated
Feel free to substitute or add as many non-starchy vegetables as you wish
Local women didn't have weight loss surgery-but they think they did. Using hypnosis to drop the pounds? Tonight at 10, TODAY'S TMJ4
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Trail Blazer Barbecue Sauce 5 / 5 Stars | 3 Reviews by ButterknifeRevolution "A spicy barbecue sauce with the zi
Handle that ish.
Paying attention both online & offline w/ true desire to serve client will fuel creative juices & make everyone happy.
Lol ill try, ima come down stairs tomorrow and be like *cough cough* and make.it look like I'm in pain ;)
yippee! Giants and niners and raiders! Does it suck to hype whatever team the city you live in roots for?
I feel inadequate going on a regular run on
Yup. I actually don't think beaning is treated severely enough.
Happy Birthday Congressman John Lewis, civil rights icon!
glad you liked it! Richard labored long and hard on that one!
Listening to is getting me through work today. MBDTF is such an incredible album.
yes! you bum you didnt! you left me lol
Just bought #birdy cd :D
hey...........looks like we're gunna be playing summer ball together again....... :)))))
Awesome...awesome :)
Some people seriously need to go see the Wzard because they need some heart, courage and a brain
That's cool. If you know anyone selling tix, let me or Nick Fink know. Appreciate it!
Just joined Twitter. Now i gotta figure out how i do this.
your welcome ;) toes love people
A wee bit irritated !
Let me see what I can find
way to go Lisa!
Drop everything now Meet me in the pouring rain Kiss me on the sidewalk Take away the pain 'cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile <3
--> Good morning, Jamie!
reply to me ugly
I the blog URL on your twitter profile & saw your bouncy ball, but no bouncy Harry video. Glad it didn't ruin your vball game!
The farther we go, the more the ultimate explanation recedes from us, and all we have left is faith. --Vaclav Hlavaty
Need the instrumental from "Forever On Some Fly Shit" x Nipsey Hussle, Prod x THC.
It's horribly depressing when my little buddies on my old swim team are now mothers. She's SEVEN YEARS YOUNGER than me.
Overslept today but made it before math was over lol
Ok, my apologies. I thought this pic was you. Where are you in the world? Hope you are having a great weekend!
That's a bummer. I wonder what he does, or for that matter, what the other fighters do for $ when they can't fight.
if you were written in a book, youd be in fine print
bold prediction?
Driving to Irving. ETA 1:31 PM using - Social GPS.
RT Set it as low as you want, it's in my DNA to raise that bar and fight for keeps! Let's go Mayhem Team!
I truly need a vacation. I gots me a lil "Spring Fever" baby!
As #opera user I don't want browser company to receive data about me. I'd rather pay $ for software than pay with my data.
GOP Race:men running backward. Dancing around the potholes of their past
Can't wait for the weekend!!! Shooting on Sat. Morning, followed by hanging out with my baby and the dog(s). Lots of r&r.
I'm not wrong? That's a day.. Its the YEAR 2012, of illuminati
: RT : u ain't notarize the letter though <--- that wat I forgot yes slow bus<--- lol
Not to forget the orangey orangutans...
RT for a S/O xx
On this day in 1869, a golden spike was driven at Promontory, UT marking the completion of the1st transcontinental railroad (NYT)
Beautiful and inspiring.
Happy Birthday Sweetie!
Man, I'm finally out of that rut. For like a month I was so lazy, didn't practice music, and just felt helpless. Thank God I'm back.
50 cent natty lights at Crazy Lils until 101
Almost completely clear where I'm at. How's the weather on your end?
: Please read my Twitter bio - I think we were meant to be friends...
It's your choice....BE CHOOSEY!!
Hey I need to talk to you!
Thank you for getting my name out there! WooHoo!!! Have a great weekend!! RT :
Seeing signs all over Scripps Ranch tonight.
I can't explain the amount of happiness and excitement I have right now! I'm finding it so hard to work!
oh def. Scooter it up! Your So much more free on the scooter!
Stop looking at her.
WOW U R FUNNY...
Congratulations! Looking forward to hearing more at the Business of API event in London later this month.
Today's first interview done. Back to the Sourheast branch for more.
Haines would be my guess...
QUIT IMITATING ME. Wait, I have inbox 908. I WIN.
I just want to throw a rock at my fucking retarded sister !!
you have him on twitter?
Try to learn something about everything and everything about something. ~ Thomas Henry Huxley
Got MW3 @ 5PM Today and been playing for 6 Hours Straight
totally on josh beckett's side, don't let your hate for the sox blind you
Thanks for the mention
Looks like a great adventure! Thanks for sharing the photo.
Congratulations to all the student awardees at the School of Liberal Arts Celebration of Scholarship Honors Convocation
And now we give the kibosh to our friends at Amazon. Hedging works when short overvalued securities even in bull markets.
WI Brides: In order to give your guests a "true" WI experience, would you serve Fish Fry at your wedding or rehearsal dinner?
Just let me know when! He misses auntie Dawn!
Not your fault. Salon only has one nail tech so they were ill-prepared to offer a groupon.
Tbh i think females watch porn more than niggas # FACT
I have a crush on zach morris again.
Desk jockey by day? Give your body a break & stretch your spine in a wide legged forward bend. Your back will thank you!...
Let's work together to stop suicide in our communities
I just pre ordered
just saw this..dude ur ridonkulos. Why u why u
thanks Brandi! Appreciate it!
Got a new phone. I am loving it =)
Laying down for the night, text it.
Our normal Fall Semester Hours will start on Monday, 9/19/2011.
Radius is now pouring Cristal by the glass, $35 each. Would you order a glass for a special occasion?
With love this girl so much!!!
When you divorce the love of God away from His actions for you all you get is formulas and "how to" speeches.
I hope you have the joy of having a child one day. Greatest gift ever regardless of what they do
Ditto. Super embarrassing. RT : I'm so embarrassed for everyone on this show, but I can't stop watching.
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds. -Gordon B. Hinckley
these skies are looking fierce...
BRAND NEW SONG ON OUR BAND PAGE, DOWNLOAD IT 4 FREE!!! www.facebook.com/fastcarband
we are excited to bring it to market
i wish i could see the We Came As Romans/A Day To Remember/Bring Me The Horizon/Pierce The Veil in boca on sunday :'''(
Love TheVoice Super Heroes!
Told my 10 year old sister about fans waiting outside of Harry & Zayn's house and she laughed and said they issues
hopeful, yes!
"Jazzhands" in Joel's voice
Phil Lynn the Blank..... :p
Time isn't wasted when your getting wasted!
40 men with ice in their veins head to the locker room. Nice line by #msg2 guys. Can't beat game #7 playoff hockey #
Thanks Nakia for reminding me about the #sparkandhustle chat!
Lmao! Not even! :p
Had to allow #alaw codec in my #Asterisk #SIP configuration to enable incoming calls from
my swag is;)
#Kman has some splinters in his fingers. Any ideas on how to get them out?
Judges...please put 12 hours on the clock...And begin.
i just made the mistake of reading this tweet to my wife ...thanks
say it ain't so!!
Idk why people with small cars drive as if they drive a bigger car than they do! Smh move around
Raining hard in #Philadelphia right now. No on-location shoot today, grrrh!
thank you! I had a blast, too!
Carisa Jones is crazy
a lil sleepy
"D" stepped it up 2nd half....Bring on New England!
How many flips have you ever done at one time?
#ThatAwkwardMoment when ur mom r dad gives u a talk .
If u are at the draft stop fucking tweeting....damn u ruin everyting lol
Great idea!
Why don't you go ahead and pay some of mine while you're at it. Be extra responsible.
I do it anyway
We have had some of the same issues :(
Movie recommendation is Morgan Freeman in "The Shawshank Redemption"
Mate? Who are you!?
One month until LOST!
. You are definitely on a humor roll today. Thanks for the laughs. I adore a good pun and #sickjoke is brilliant!
I ate pizza like 20 minutes ago & now I want nachos.
find ya boy on facebook obiggtrai1 r type traialexander35,com
I hope Chris Brown wins an Award. He Deserves It....
Done... sorry it took so long
Anything that Rihanna touches turns to gold...
Life in Music City, Planet Earth.
If we get to 3000 likes by the may 18 show we will release a special acoustic song for your pleasure.
My pleasure! Thank you! RT : Wow is right!! Can't wait to show Maggie! Thanks JP!
Yo the new DOG LEATHER video is all shot & nasty & game killing as fuck. INTERNET BEWARE. U KNOW U CAN'T HANDLE THE MICROPHONE VANDAL.
I see London, I see China ...
doesn't Disney teach marital trust and a womens role in society?
All up in our faces like he know us . !
You'll get over it just like Larry Bird!
Thinking you may have a late lunch today? Order after 3pm and get FREE delivery!...
Scientists concluded that the gene linked to weight gain only increases your risk of obesity if you also lead a sedentary lifestyle
You done a great job this weekend at YEC TN ! You touched my heart!
We need new Josh photo shoots. Not just pictures by paparazzi and not glamorous shoots. Chilled, laid-back ones.
And a Las Vegas judge. Just whoop up on Cotto for me RT: : Only God can judge me.
Money coming down path for #startups? Number of PE & #VC funds closed YTD at 70, almost 2X all of 2011.
Bf3 looks awesome i cant wait 4 it
The more junk I cough up the better I feel.
I was... It was a whirlwind trip. Barely saw anyone!
Happy Thanksgiving! Hanging out with the Michigan Shaws. :)
i miss you guys, so much. We should go get some mexican when you come to dallas! c;
Let the rain kiss u. Let the rain beat upon ur head w/silver liquid drops. Let the rain sing u a lullaby~Langston Hughes...
coming to the competion today!!!! Hope u guys win!!! Can we take a pic with u
Duh! Just saw that you already read it. It's the sun stroke! :-) Hope u r having a great time!
When you finally do reach the age where a woman's personality is what attracts you it won't matter- they stop believing that years earlier.
I'm single. You're single. I like you. You like me. Am I missing something here?
let's hang out right now!
Can't wait to watch #TheRaven. I love me some Poe.
I feel like that is a win for the Warriors.
yes, I'll be releasing it at 7:00pm! (central)
we can have out our ipods
BACON ON ANY HAMBURGER >>>>>>>>
#replacefilmtitleswithtwat The Sisterhood of the Traveling Twat
good morning c.b!
good morning! xo
Basic but good...Dont use cliches either
you up on that too
<U+2764><U+2764> I made a gifboom for you follow me back please ??
Dinner before #ypweek Gala with at Calderone (miss u )
thanks for the RT!
im sorry that i didnt understand what u go thru. i have only faced that type of ignorance from my mom and siblings. u r loved.
Omg thank u made my week
RT : Everything I do is pink.
im officially too drunk to drive bahahah
I want to clear my mindd
At the hotel Utah in San Francisco missing and :(
Somebody wake me from this nightmare. I can't escape this hell!
but. But.....I liked that flip phone!
That's that shit I don't like, Bang Bang!
Q6 In walking cities, could they bolt laptops on a cart and take the computer part of the lib to the streets like a hot dog stand?
awe ight. U almost done rt
woulds u follow back
yeah, I was bummed to learn that it wasn't the one that I had hoped.
I bought some batteries, but they weren't included
room 2254 of the conference building is nice and quiet. I'm currently in here writing until the banquet.
RT Kale has over 100% Vit A&K. Hide in dishes to get daily greens. + to soups & stews, stir fry & spaghetti sauce.
“: Nat'l Lampoons vaca quotes: If you're taking the whole tribe cross country, this is your automobile.
oh ok lol I got blackberry phone.
We just found out that a competitive analysis we did for a #nwindiana clt just helped them get investor $. Woo-hoo!
where's you go? :(
good choice he is my 2nd fav. But I love niall :)
SUP! I fOLLoW bAcK!!! ;D
hey you! How's life!
SEO- the practice of improving a website in both functionality and relevancy to users to help it rank well in search engines.
New Year resolution to get involved? Send your email to support transportation planning, S, 1942. Read more...
About a month of school left.
I just got April fooled-_-
no, but i like discovering & sharing. you're good at memorable activities.
PM us for all your #transportation needs!
Chemistry class
Waking up to conversations you could've had <<<<
: What are they waiting for? They need to right this wrong.
Our next info meeting is Tuesday, May 31 at the Federation building at 7:00 pm. Applications are online www.caje-miami.org/mol
Thanks for the RT!
Of course, the big thing is if anything goes wrong w/ the pump. They're like $1500. :) But that is the only moving part.
happy birthday brother love you <3!
Happy Halloween be safe. Specyphi what you believe.......
I'm working on a little baby blueberry hat now! Whatcha working on?
Fiesta at red rock. Lady in line for deserts and she has her plate full of deserts and she asks the guy"do u have sugar free pie? Lol.
okay no one kill me, but i havent been online for like a week. so whats this about emily? and what's lou's tweet about?
every single one of his songs is good.
not this time ! I love being single, it's like a vacation away from boys! They have cooties!
Alumni...Chris Gregory Pharmacy 1988
roses are red voilets are blue hes for me not for you if by chance you take my place ill take my fist and smash your face
Good Luck Kidrauhl <U+2665> (: loves you.
Or...couldn't we just ask? :)
Keep on dreamin even if it breaks your heart
So much better than the alternative of people who love to talk but have nothing to say. ;)
You can't hit a home run with stepping up to the plate. You can't get hit by lightning without standing in the rain.
and Daniela you haven't seen the last of them on New Country Star... We have some SOS excitement still to come!
You know its gonna be a good day when your favorite songs come on the radio.
Good morning America... Coffee ready?
oh yeah! Hit repeat on the iPod!!!
I wish you were here too! So far so good, but we've just begun. Plenty of time for adventure left. :)
the wait for the next book is torture.
I know. It was gross.
Bustin Sherlock's and heady tings in the stu!
haha this just made me laugh out loud. I'll teach you this weekend.
I don't regret my past, I just regret the time I've wasted with the wrong people..
I have a question for people who care about DARK SHADOWS: Why?
I'm dropping 9 followers and making my page private in a week and won't be accepting no new followers !!! Them hoes heads gonna be hurting !
Confused..? I'm standing on the corner of I don't have a clue and WTF!
You're very welcome!
The studio exec that evaluated Fred Astaire's first screen test wrote, "Can't act. Can't sing. Skinny. Balding. Dances a little."
Would much rather have Gus Johnson and his passion instead of Nantz and his fake, canned "enthusiasm"
Hope to see/hear both of you playing that new gibson in Portland some time soon.
That's how you do it, son! I gotta keep going...i'm gonna lose those last 60 pounds of baby fat.
that does sound a bit like a nightmare, why can't family entanglements ever be easy?
She the sh*t...she the one
It is known as the healthiest place on Earth
only shortly before he died in 1519.
Bought to watch #21jumpstreet cause I can't sleep
Maybe... Montreal was willing to call Houston's bluff on Ching...
Wow, I am so sad that I have not yet had to deal with that awesome aspect of teaching. My day will come!
Robyn Rihanna Fenty you need to follow me RIGHT NOW PLEASE I BEG OF YOU!
2.Im Single
Thanks! Couldn't have done it without your support :) RT : Congrats on an awesome Shop Your Values Week!
Jerry Grochow now speaking about finding the drivers for higher ed IT strategic planning.
Singers wanted for a FREE industry showcase (Tuesday, May 22). There are cash prizes & industry judges! For details call 347 249 9441-
Friends and family are entering the Beckett Theatre for the invited dress rehearsal of #LOSTINYONKERS. Break legs everyone!
Is he a pop artist or?... English or Spanish?...
so close but so far "uh oh! Can't connect to user proxy server
Thinking about constructing social spaces through digital tools in Conversation Starter session B11 at
Ya did?? Will look again. Did not see your email!
Time for ghost hunters
Some of y'all must've forgot the Spurs still in the playoffs. Don't sleep..
Sports Illustrated NBA Insider joins me on in moments.......we'll talk NBA Playoffs, D Rose & Blazers GM search.
we in there !
Me too, it really is depressing.
Also, Kelly is playing today! We almost went too!
Thanks for the rt ! Will you be there?
I guess people do have the power to manipulate people, AGAIN & AGAIN! They never realize it to the end. I'm done with that crap.
#CGI is using #MarkLogic to revolutionize
In my room: decent singer. In the shower: international pop superstar.
Isn't that how every Leap Day ends?
IM BREAAAKIN DISHESS ALL NIGHT. uh huh
Im done being double crossed and betrayed by these so called "friends"! I hate you so much no words can describe right now.
book promo models at www.dawnrochellemodels.com :)
I watched to the end but I have to give it to you straight, you didn't seem prepared to create "premium content". Meandering.
your bad :/
grl wth idk what I'm doing I didn't read the directions went up the elevator and don't know how to get some instructions
": It's not called "being whipped", it's called respecting your girlfriend. #TeamFollowBack" "growing up and being a man".
Wait, what? What is that doing?
where's that?
I almost called u something
Submissions are coming in for 5/24 contest at
The word "pasta" comes from the Italian word for paste, meaning a combination of flour & water.
High expectations are the key to everything
104.50 for personalized plates is highway robbery if they wasn't pertaining to my son i would of just got regular plates!!!!!
;) Love us some
The Right Stuff reference on Community. Awesome.
this film invented the 'bunny boiler' saying it's class!
Excellent discussions about nextgenlib services! Sounds like there's a lot of demand for Alma. It's not ILS, it's URM!
nah im fine all year around
More like a snail.
Come on rickie! You can do it! Back to back victories?! #yesplease #lovehim <U+26F3>
Emotional roller coaster
Open auditions for Hollywoods Top Voice competition tonight in Boogie Nights at 6pm...If you have a Top Voice we want to hear it. BOM
Finally finished The Scorch Trials! Can't wait to finish The Death Cure now!
do you watch Justified?
he got hurt in the Carolina game
Happy New Year from Young Rembrandts, Greater Cleveland - West
When my mom is mad she makes the exact same angry speech over and over again
'killing every beat you hop on. Montage is getting hella plays in my car and ive been driving I'm in VA wishin I was in CA
#FF I miss you ladies!
“: Blasting on the way to work! Arizona, I'd like to introduce you to Farraday. Farraday, Arizona.” oh hey AZ!
Yup… it got me in. Many thanks!
IF I DIDN'T HAVE CHEESE LIKE EVERYDAY, WOULD YOU STILL WANNA BE WITH ME?
if your from phoenix, az... stop by and twitter a hi or hello :-)
A tip from #Belly and : "Eating the worm" refers to the one in the tequila bottle, not the one from passing out facedown in dirt
nice review! I still have visions of sweet potato tots dancing in my head :)
Got my surgery date. I go under the knife on the 10th of May. 23 days. Yikes!
For a 70-yr old, Madonna has kept herself in good shape. #dontbreakahip with those dance moves.
Thanks for the reTweet!
Don't fuck with to many
Twitter be the downfall of my battery
You know it's going to be a long day when you yell 'Seriously?!?' at your alarm clock.
Sometimes it's difficult to talk about but she wanted to share the history we discovered and I am attempting to fulfill her wish.
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.
We look forward to seeing & crew tomorrow as they prepare for San Diego Intl Wine Competition
Come hear the CU Handbells at tomorrow's 8am service at Trinity Lutheran in Hillsboro. Rev. Jim Pressnell will preach.
Yes I know Gina ! Her passion for art helped encourage me to get started again
u in atlanta?
stevenson look like he straight out da hood.
Creep is so good anyway.
Dinner at Winnipeg Delta? Good choice! The wine is good too!
Enjoying minister my brotha! FEARLESS tour!
Cold weekend for the Fort Wayne boat show
Some days, I miss the sound of a 2400 baud modem connecting.
Burnt cheez-its are the best.
No homework! Yay! Finally a day to chill, cook, paint and read. Like this is a miracle.
Love the calling out of Clear Channel by name in The Thank You Economy audiobook 04:06:47
RT :Ask yourself,shld U spend all yr precious time stdying,researching & meditating on the "What" w/out having a plan 4 the "WHO?"
Stop bein nasty.
I think my Texans will have to have either a 3rd or 4th pick in the 2014 to get Sammy Wadkins.eh?
A “: “: POLL: Do you think Elway is having a hard time dealing with Tebow's success? A-Yes, B-No” B”
you think he would want to stay with a winner..
": ..... And not a single fuck was given today."
Of course, 'Targeting Bin Laden' is on right now. And almost over. Damn. History Channel if you're interested.
voted today
My Hero JESUS CHRIST has Risen!!! What a Glorious Day! Happy Easter everybody!
I love when it's hot outside and you can clearly tell who are the gays and who are the straights.
Sprint subscribers may be seeing the Galaxy Nexus LTE debut on April 22 a leaked document says. Anyone have Ice Cream sandwhich installed?
Chilling on being free : "Road Of A Superstar That's Not Famous"
#What2ChainzWouldSay had a bitch named Alexus fucked the bitch in a Lexus, 2 Chainz now 1 chain cause the bitch stole my necklace!! Truuuuu
the maps r in all playlist. they were all night last night.
OEP board members and staff will be attending the SCO () Jillian's Story skype event tonight! See you there!
I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells
Only took 13 innings to prove we're not in last place!
Happy Friday!!!!!!! RT Happy Friday <U+0001F389>
Second grade lied, I never use cursive.
I hate it when my mentions won't load
Healthy Halloween Snacks: Cereal bars, low cal pudding, 100 cal packs, sugarless gum, microwave popcorn, raisins, hot cocoa mix, mini cereal
I are not average! RT : None of us are average. Be yourself.
The only person I follow on that list is It's not gonna compel me to follow others. Sorry.
: ) embarassing. Did search before sharing...not direct from yr site. You are on TOP of things clearly. Loved concept...
Friday at last! Atlanta, have any fun plans for the weekend? Been out to catch a game yet? Still first in our division!
I will admit to nothing.
Watching a movie with my nephew.
cant swim remember... I'm like
Totally agreed. The quote was speaker addressing clutter like staff photos, rather than site features that aid research.
Hate when girls put on a front just be real with yourself
When I'm depressed I cut myself.... a piece of cake :D
At night I can't sleep. In the morning I can't wake up.
A limited number of tickets will be available beginning at 2 pm at the fest
should be 4-0 or so
my boy right there doing it big lol
You're koch-sucking love of BIG OIL is the most irresponsible thing in the entire world. RETIRE & LEAVE NOW, please.
Get a hold of yourself, lady! *smack* [shake] "I'm a doctor, I'll handle this..."
What's your cuisine of choice? (I work on radio show that has weekly restaurant reviews from Journal Sentinel writer)
Ruh-roh! Looks like rain today & my whole plan depended on being able to walk around.
*sigh* I'm debating between Insanity, basketball or God of War 2 after work.
When are the foo fighters gonna defeat the foo?
RT Such a happy girl right now!!!
completes my life. Thank you Jake<3
Wouldn't it be great if your iPhone was also a pen?
warren sapp should develop an iphone app called warren's app
The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them.-Mark Twain
Houston tomorrow, gotta get up really early...goodnight :)
Yup, no image credit. Ironic given shout out to managing open data, copyright, etc.
New Trailer for We Win or We Die coming tomorrow.
lucky bitch. i wanted to go to that but shit's fucked up. :P
ohgod hahaha there are Kony 2012 stickers and posters all over campus.
in a friendship or relationship if you dont have trust ...whats the point
One rotten apple can spoil a whole barrel, one energy drainer can spoil your whole life! Detoxify yourself of people that zap your energy
Been waiting for somebody to go see it before me. Thx
Oh, Street walker in cloves, tell me where you go.
RT : This documentary on Chicago's violence is really good... I didn't know nothing about "CeaseFire" or the "Interrupters"
Just looked up to a young girl staring at me. I smile, she smiles. Then she starts reading her book, The Holy Bible. Oh Girl, been there
A3. Trust is a reciprocal event and emotion.
#TheWorstFeeling ever is when you forget where you put your phone
Nd everyone waiting for a cd don't worry I didn't forgot we are just taking a totally new direction
#1940census indexing at Ancestry - what is the method to pick states - how are they announced?
#IndieMusic MP3: New Beard – “Doom”
Starting in Jan., We will be full-time! That means lots more information, strategies, and concepts to help you build your internet business!
TY for the RT, have a wonderful weekend :)
Brook, thank you for following me. Glad to be in your network.
Congrats on the new gig. Looking forward to hearing you both more.
please follow me Austin. <3
well - this isn't the same as a "cute text before bed" - but I love your tweets & you are a cutie! :)
- we're moving to west hollywood in 3 weeks, dude...come check us out!
story of my life...
i brought it 3 times on iTunes and I have a CD. Follow me please?
I want to ride on Llamas.
:) Yep, sorry for the capslock it was stuck. haha
What about "skadoosh" instead?
Tip of the day...never put velcro face-down on carpeting!
French eurosport said lokvist but they had him with Cav 5 minutes ago.
I find it strange that we go to great efforts to track and categorize approved runtime env. @ work, but then ignore the web browsers.
Worst night ever.
just held my breath for 5 seconds
the Republicans are nuts here!!! I shouldn't be surprised, It is a nation that thinks news comes from Fox
I am in control of my thoughts, everything I want is mine! Not then, but now! I AM! I am in control!!!
Why isn't peyton starting the pro bowl? Did I miss something?
Jus so u kno I did produce fresco Kane aka gena new single "they do"....
always puts things concisely. I love the guy. VP choice for would be awesome!
Just waking up in the morning knowing your mine, makes me Happy.
thats what she said.
it looks good, I guess. It will be another superhero movie. That is all :/
:P emerging economies Baby Food Market - Opportunities in Emerging Markets Report
There's a firepit, lake and bars nearby. Count me in.
God I can't wait Togo home. Wanna curl in bed with my girl
Why did our leftfielder get a hit and RBI? I thought he was supposed to be an automatic out?
is already playing now (qci-80)
I owe You guys one! Thank you!!!
curtis painter wtf. You can't look any creepier...
Met someone the other day who said he'd had scurvy. He totally won the cool old-timey disease lotto.
#ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage my eyelashes ;)
Not at all! And you're like, a freaking barbie doll! You're blonde, skinny, and everyone loves you! How could I not be?!?
Rainy days like today make me want to curl up by the fireplace with a good book. It is unfortunate that we don't have a fireplace here...
hahaha, OMG Shoes!
not true. #Mimi's= gross.
Somebody forgot to tell the Indiana Pacers that they're supposed to lose.
What new thing?
Yes I would die for you baby, but you won't do the same
...not to mention killing it in two separate interviews in 2009 & 2011...
best takeaway today: bad writing is killing America
Just wondering about new opportunities. And yes, I'm going to have to get to bed a bit earlier :)
wish i was going to jingle ball :/
The numbers are so random...its a 1 in 176million chance of winning
#timberlake in the house
1. Prepare to feel scared and lonely. Career moves can often involve loss of stature and financial stability.
Don't worry, your wife will have already taken it.
THIS is why I don't like flying. Oh, the possibilities! RT A plane with a hole in the windshield is set to land shortly in Austin.
Want 2 reach a group of followers who appreciate and value great design? Think about advertising on our blog. Want more or have Q's DM me.
It's literally over 100 degrees inside my house right now. I feel myself slowly melting away.
Take this dick in yo mouth..!!
Over pair river by gutterball.3 k.
I sent my mom a vibrator, so I can pretend that I didn't call cause I didn't want to disturb her
I don't drink beer. Vodo?
thanks for the mention!
Out of the 5 girls on the bar, all of them have great asses.
You live with some yutz?
Jersey Shore!<U+2665>
Screen Print of the Day- Handyman deal. 50 assorted color shirts, S-XL, 1 color print front & back, $7.00 delivered. Sale ends 7PM pacific.
Chanting "you can't beat us" at the Ed of a game isn't good enough. Grow a pair and chant it at the start of games.
just rode one of the sickest rides of my life.
"Sometimes you eat the bear, and sometimes, well, he eats you."
May 1, time is flying
And I couldn't help falling, and your smile didn't help matters.
There goes that bottle of wine
I really need some motivation in my life right now. Or at least something positive...
“: I'm following the next 100 people who wants a follow #” oh please follow me!!! Haha
RT : : life is so much better in my dreams
Man imma kill my mom
You're the best I never had
"ABSOLUTELY gorgeous necklace!!!" - Nancy from Columbus, Ohio
Damn i wish i was in #jamaica right now. Love that Island
iphone or blackberry?
72 Degrees and Sunny in Wisconsin today - AWESOME!
Sefalosha is a hacker
RT Can't muster outrage for Saverin's tax cheating, for which he's paying a high price, when we let so many do it as citizens.
haha you're not lying, he's been awesome this year so far. just needs to avoid that annual injury and he should stay hot.
i aint gone even stunt that movie was ova funny lbs the dicator# just tweaked with my girly's now back to studying unfortunately);
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
ya know once ate an entire horse in one sitting and then beat John McEnroe in ping pong.
the LOTR soundtrack Is being forced upon me
intelligentsia coffee, with a french press, in the kitchen - killed it!
Same question for the Polians ....
Is you Super Bowl Pregame exceptionally good this year? Or am I just overly excited for my Gmen?
I heard the patriots are sending prostitutes to rape tebow to get all that testosterone out of his system
hey I just saw your message...feel free to spin our tracks.. thanks man
Broke the VEVO record for more then 5 million views in 24hrs. Boyfriend Video Is Slaying
he's Chief Spokesperson & Director of Communications at Metro (WMATA). Tweet his ass !
lol I got you
Part of the INTERSECTIONS Festival Adventure Theatre in association with The Jazz Academy of Music Present a reading of BUD, NOT BUDDY …
Trying to tweet bout Cloud Nothings without using cliches like "killing it" "bringing it" "rockin'." Failing. They're ferocious.
that is SO TRUE!!!
Morning all! I just had an awesome bagel. M. What about you?
interesting! i was like: is someone being mean about fat models??? i LOVE fat models.
I dont do da crowd shyt causes to much attention! !!
another one just randomly showed up today soo now there's 4 but ya one I claimed is mine :p and thank you! haha
If you aint homeless or poor, then don't ask can you have some of my food BIOTCH!
Thanks, love the exhibit!
"The world is a looking glass and gives back to every man the reflection of his own face." - William Makepeace Thackeray
Tonight we will feature a very special tribute to Ms. Rue McClannahan, aka Blanche Devereaux! Double Points from 8-11
It's done! Have a nice day!
Lmao only time me and my mama get along is when we dont like the same person
Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely. - Buddha
Seagulls are starting to swoop at me!
New CBC Lineup Same as The Old CBC Lineup - The Mark
yeah i agree. the #brooklynhalf hype is kind of contagious but it seems smart to wait.
RT : Props to 's stylist today at the press conference. That tie, that suit, amazing.
Got up & came to class when I really didn't want to, just to learn we will only b taking a college-wide survey. <U+0001F632><U+0001F621>
Or, I suppose this is basically what Freebase is, right?
I love your new video so much<33 haha you, kian and Sam are my inspiration(: I love you guys c: <333
Always remember when things are going bad...they can and probably will get worse.
I love me, some cookies.
My RING was im his dick SMFH!!!!!!
We're making up fun stories about both of you right now. Our conclusion: There's a buddy cop movie in your future.
What a waste
Angry woman cussing out stranger :O.
OK! Getting ready to head out the door for another great training session at the dojo. www.LAAikiKai.com
Whats your favorite time to hang out at Spanish Fly...pool parties or nightlife?
lmfao don't tell that! No wonder your ass is always smiling! Connie you will be fine!!
Merry Christmas to all our alumni, students & faculty from Pastor Kevin & the College staff!
Can't wait to get to the b shop to get this beard and hair cut so I can look young again
Hahahahaha watching all those videos and dying
What do you think about TheNostalgiaCritic ?
Just woke up from a dream where I could jump over buildings. Coolest dream ever.
Here's hoping for the return of the 'Facers in Season 7!
Is this how your Anole/Nightcrawler story went?
The 44th district is one of the poorest, if not the poorest, districts in Maryland.
Make your own luck. -Rob Dyrdek
no i sais unfollow me or im just gonna blok u
Ah crap, my bad Mel lol Imma watch my mouth
Uh who the hell is on #1010 rt now?
Writing musicals with all night.
Good point. I'll keep tgar in mind instead
1 less win and #mnwiId are in 11th place in the west!
another mediocre QB?
Fifi. That is a rather odd name for a pet dinosaur old man.
Glad you made it out last night. Fun times! Don't worry, this home is very much permanent, despite what some apps say.
Now THAT was top-notch odd, right there.
I missed it lol
In other news, beauty sleep time. Goodnight, Chicago Bulls. Goodnight Atlanta. Goodnight, Ned.
- No way. You're all going down.
Opening Day is tomorrow for the Padres! Come by the Industry Showroom and check out the new consuul stuff on your way to Petco Park
we were on youtube but everything got deleted!
Good Morning <U+E404>
Help trend
WHO IS GETTING THOSE NIKE'S THAT COME OUT ON THE FIFTH? IF YOU NEED THEM WE'LL HAVE THEM (502)448-9193
$12 Buck Tuesday- Unlimited Golf & 40 Tokens! Add on Unlimited Go-Karts & Bumper Boats for only $5 more!
It sounds like when you cylon on TWIG.
HOT Rumor – Nikon Set to Launch Mirrorless ILC Camera
he may have been but thats all they got from d-town, n if he aint hittin they r scoring 52 a game
Louis C.K. would make an awesome Ghostbuster
I'm off tmrw... Who tlkn abt going swimming w/ me at campus park? No one k koo :/
this case before mine is almost as good as watching tv
Want to fall inlove where do I start
Happy Thursday!
Family guy<3
cinnamon toast crunch and coffee. breakfast of champions :)
well, I'm gonna be a busy bee this summer. Pun intended.
I swear your avi just amazes the fxck out of me every time I see it ... Weird as fxck
have there been imposter problems in seattle?
By the time I recognize this moment, this moment will be gone. But I will bend the light, pretend, that it somehow lingered on.
Shoutout to my new follower: Thanks man I appreciate it!!
We at Verdugo Hills Autism Project want to welcome you to Twitter and we look forward to following your tweets! Best wishes!
bed, no to excited for party day! have i yawned once no do i have o get up at 8 yes am i gonna drink tons of coffee hell yeah haha
"Straight Edge" people who don't even know who Minor Threat is <
Good Luck against OSU today
Lots of will be closed on Mon: Butler, Journalism, Music, Starr & sadly Barnard as well. Return books to our bookdrop.
I have an asian woman taxi driver...not to stereotype or anything but the odds are not in my favor. #1stTimeIve EverWornASeatbeltInATaxi
Have a Huge Wedgie HELP ME! E-mail me with any advice on how I can avoid wedgies? or text me 954-608-9103
"Jiro Dreams of Sushi" was magnificent. Go see it. I practically held my breath the whole time, I didn't want it to end.
What if we actually can breathe in space and The Man is just trying to keep us trapped?
Did I mention go after a magazine Cover? No?... Well, <U+0001F449> add that N there.
cause you are on my mind <3
Enthusiastic anncr makes viewing exp better. Nance great, better suited for golf. Look forward to him covering
it gets the best of me sometimes..ugh
finally finished some much needed watering, pruning, deadheading, potting, propagating...jeez I have a lot of potted plants
I want a pet okapi...since I can't have a unicorn.
You know I have NO love for ANY of these video whores. But if GOD FORBID that ever happened to them, I would pray for them.
Thanks for the Support Brett!! We Love You!! We Will Be Back in MAY! New Studio, New Format, Same Show!!
I'm thinking about finishing that video of me singing climax. Who watched my keek of it?(:
Feel free to send all info to !
Cant beat us 5 on 5 but 9 on 3 yep BITCHES
Movies with my mommy
trying to get in touch with Lauren about partnering for a year. I'm with Revel IN- PDX/NYC- digital in sept. wanna talk?
subway eat fresh!(:
LAKE SHOW!!!!! Meeeooowwwww! Just a few more minutes!
Wipe away your tears, and wipe away the people who made you cry. Only you can Create your own Happiness Love Life and it will love you back
I don't want to put on uniform <U+0001F612> ugh
Best tweet of the day RT dang i misspelled awkward. thats awkward.
I've been cracking my knuckles all the time for as long as I can remember, with no side effects that I know of.... yet.
Don't be surprised to see Corey Hart start at 1B for the #Brewers today. Gamel still sore & Astros start a lefty. Hart took balls yest in BP
Your welcome
lol I know it's a bad habit considering 75% of the time it does not make any sense :(
did you know about the data design diabetes innovation challenge?
WHATS GOOD HOMIE, IM YOUR BOY K-LO'S PROMOTER JUST STOPPIN BY TO SHOW YA TWITTER PAGE SOME SUPPORT
#35 Bro there is this fact that we often overlook in regards to God... HE IS GOD and He owes us nothing and we owe Him everything.
yup;but I'm working anyways later til close then I mite be going out w/ a friend of mine
Well....um....your a jabroni
I love drinking budweiser
Good looking out!
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 57
Nothing's worse than packing up your apartment when you don't want to leave in the first place.
Fun! Our wheelchair sports & adaptive rec coordinator can help - or 414-291-7520 v/relay Good luck!
Tim Tebow is a class act guy regardless of faith. This still is a team sport, all egos aside. He will add as a great backup.
Mentions on
George Michael still rocks the Christmas songs...
SPACESHIPS AND COFFEE <U+2755><U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
Come out tomorrow then man! Hah. We have a show down that way.
Go subscribe on KEEK to win a date with please go
THERE IS A COMPLETELY UNFAIR AMOUNT OF HOMEWORK FOR THE WEEK IM SICK.
Ready to do the NYC next week.
Seattle, here I come.
About to embark on this 6 hour drive to fresno, ca
doing it up big G<U+E12F>... I'll have some good storys for you next week... Well have some good bro time!
I would "like" it :) hahah
next week?
lawl don't die! I'm joining the convo! ;) -Ash
Momma knows best. Good for you on standing your ground. If it doesn't work out, you have options.
7 hrs? It would have to taste like pumpkin pie to drive that long...
Mental note: Need to remember to actually eat on my lunch break! I think someone left a couple chicken legs in the office fridge *mwahahaha*
Looking for #Java engineers and SR #Flex Developers for a great studio in
haha this just made me laugh out loud. I'll teach you this weekend.
RT Zumba was great today. Love dancing for my exercise fix.
i'm mad now i want to fight
Love hurts. And when it rains it pours.
TX RT Making Books Sing
There's no ph<U+1EDF> restaurant named VietNomNom? Inconceivable!
Have you seen Tony Bennett lately?... He looks and sounds so wonderful. Go out and buy the CD today!
i wish I was an orphan. THATS THE LIFE
There's way too many awesome for free
Man living at home is such a drag.
Always a good reminder from you :) xx
Let's sell a boat today!!!!!
Any Cooder Graw fans?? Just confirmed that we're going to open for them at Rio Brazos in Granbury on August 4th!
#FF : #Hugs TY. Have a great Friday and weekend.
indeed u are
Hey!!! SNOW!! Just in time for our first Christmas today!
I agree,Jr.was always such a class person,truly an ex.of what an nfl superstar always should be.this sucks
I let steve roche borrow my car. That's how far on the edge I live motherfuckers.
well what week then? i'll be in florida the 12th through the 19th!!
caved is the most accurate word to use.
Preparing for collaboration meeting with a Pro Sports League
ugh the quiet car is full of
Why is it that when you send something by ship it's called cargo but when it's on a car it's called a shipment?
Thanks for the follow. Check out my facebook music page if you have time! Hope you like it <3 Btw Keith Urban is the best :)
Hello Lake Butte des Morts. You're so purty.
Got an idea for cleaning up the Gulf oil spill? It could win you $10M from XPrize...email ideas to Francis Beland:
Can't watch #GandB without crying for and with them. Happy tears/sad tears. Whichever. Love them!
practice... It will probably come natural once you try
I just had some intense déjà vu. There must be a glitch in the matrix
One more week of school left in Anchorage. Have to confirm summer activities/plans for them soon.
"I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is to try to please everyone. Until later xoxo
I hate that guilty feeling that you get when you just end a friendship and you feel like you should just try to make up
#ificouldwishforanything I would 4 witney Houston to be alive she such an inspiration and a beautiful lady. I luv u witney
im pretty deep.
Ok fuck it I'm Finna go to sleep!
Hey yall....hope yall having a great day so far.
“: Life happens. Adapt. Embrace change, and make the most of everything that comes your way. Goodnight.” I want to fck u
Depending on your point of view, 343,674 may be a very exciting number. Today at least, it is for me.
It is possible for there to be a dance with life, a innovative response to its intrinsic restrictions and problems.
so much fun!! Raged in south beach last night
Tony Allen just smashed it on jaminson. Dang
Kelli= the greatest female I have in my life I love her more than pooping and oxygen she is the peanut butter to my fluff.
Happy New Year!! Make it the best yet!
Report: Canadiens to name former Blackhawks assistant Bergevin as new GM
I'm at the Creating Multimedia Technology in an Ever-Changing Museum Environment room 205CD
Blush will be closed today in honor of our fabulous moms! We will re-open for normal business hours tomorrow for all your beauty needs!
we're working on it!
903.. Still hate him
Tonight, we are young. So let's set the world on fire, we'll burn brighter, then the sun. Toooooniiiight.
I STILL BELIEVE! YOU HEAR ME CRUEL WORLD, I STILL BELIEVE!
I hear that
Warp Tour <U+2665>
Who says,who says you're not perfect.
No! you are now a Flyers wife!.
Your #GOP VOTER relative/neighbor supports #GOP "Billionaire Bailout Budget" condemnd by Catholic Bishops as anti-Christian "IMMORAL BUDGET"
Old man harden is the truth.
Thanks for the outstanding real-time commentary of the actual events taking place @ LCD last nite...what a RAD show!!!
Great job on YouNow. Any chance I could get a follow back?.(:
almost 700 follows common
please follow my new account ! RT!!
Nothing beats the sound of the pounding ocean. It calms and invigorates all at the same time.
Shout out to The students at B .TEACH ACADEMY!!! I had a blast today with you all. See ya in a couple of weeks #fashiongigs #F³
Just heard someone in my office referring to her dog's arms.
Indpls is looking for a lead actor in their upcoming stage play previously played by Tony Grant
that's prob y u remember my face
I can always count on him to turn my frown upside down!
M sweet potato pie. :)
Haven't been on Twitter all day....WHY?!
Not only are you responsible for your life, but doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment.
Just found out this AM that is off to China… Me? I'm going to SJ this weekend. Not cool.
Loved this story: couriers elsewhere were so bad libns hid GPS trackers in ILL'd books & watched totally unauthorized journeys!
Besides being thankful for our fantastic off broadway family, we are thankful for leftovers! Enjoy your turkey/tofurkey sandwiches!
sleep when the season's over. Sometime in April I'm guessing
Ikea? They're the best. (I also have an Ikea bed. Totally feel like a grownup.)
shut up, why are you telling everybody??? It's a secret :(
#Iwish i had someone to occupy my thoughts
Hard to be discreet with hundreds of people around, unfortunately
So the just sent out an email to players with this subject line :Tebow is Jetting out of Denver! #unbelievable and #really?
Jazz Fest Sip + Swap next week is all about the ladies! Swapping womens clothing, access and shoes. Come with old and leave with new!
Out to eat and then swimming <U+0001F603><U+2764> having fun so far!
Also the subject of a possible Cult Spark series I've been mulling: "Things That Should Be Movies By Now."
Great but where were you every time I walked into a McDonalds?
The INTEX show is about to start, make your way to booth #736 to visit Kraft.
Nice stuff man!
Best part of Hurricane Irene? #patcollins on
haha just cleaning my room. how about you?
Tweet tweet.
Shoutout to my #brother who is officially engaged!
Beach reading for trip to Mexico: Mists of Avalon. Putting it out in the Twitter void because I cant be alone with the shame/weirdness.
Just got the new miss may I single...dope
Great video!
RT : Bike time! NICE!
I was trying but i couldnt find anyone...haha
I'm up early and answering phones for local affiliate , give us a call at 907-550-8484.
I'm not an alcoholic, they go to meetings. I'm a drinker, we go to parties.
#YouKnowDamnWell I'm ready for VEGAS this summer... but the question is.... are you ready?
And in unrelated #Bachelorette news, the boy's name "Kalon" just dropped 800 slots on the Popular Baby Names list.
` let that shit BURN!
Awesome job today! I didn't want you to stop. I think I had more fun watching you than I would playing it myself!
perfect! See you then :)
DEC.5TH @ THE HANGER!!! YOUNG PHAT LIVE!!!1 INDUSTRY INFLUENCE!!! LETS GO YOUNG!!!! MIGHTY MPIYA BUSINESS!!!
I think he made her very happy but I also think it wouldn't have lasted (this) long. She appeared very happy though..
I did not!
Music link for sound track www.reverbnation.com/epidemicchroniclesoriginalsoundtrack
well not Monday but this week.
Why can I not stand being alone!!
Dilemma: Is it scumbaggy to use Tweetbot's Readability-powered screen reformatter?
Thanks dude. (: I'll ask people what they think about it.
and we just got back from the San Diego Christian Business Expo too. The enemy is trying to shut us down. ain't gonna happen!
Non-ambiguity is the shaping force of reality. -Joseph Pierce
<-- has dongs on the brain :-)
yeah you should do that :)
L4D and Black Metal are truly a match made in. . . . well. .
thinks he can remember more than four moves at a time. HA.
Not exactly a day off for you, Adam.
RT : RT You're a young professional in Detroit but you weren't at ?? You def missed out!
My skinny, Your skinny, A diet that fits your fast food life!!
wtf how cute you bitch! :P
Love at first sight.
delayed response - I reached out for HARO. Thx for the tip!
I'm having to rebuild my nagiosxi server, and it's all my fault, not a good day at all.
This chick at Euro tan is really pretty. I can't get over it. I feel like I'm staring..
They say every time a glock rings, an angel gets his wings
Editing #MichaelsMatch dialogue. Most awkward editing session ever.
why are you retweeting this garbage, Alolita? How could an API be copyrighted? It's functional, not creative.
Tonya will forever have my respect after the night she has had. -Jesse-
I wanted to complain about stealing 's pic but realized it's the most adorable avi on Twitter so it's a win. Right?
Williamson suggests private financial papers as one avenue for future research into the origin of the First World War.
Offset it with the other side
Come in and beat the heat! Fesh Frozen lemonlimeade
U can dish it but ya can't take it....
You like someone you can't have.
I smell insulin, that must mean is on the plane!
My backpack is a mess, just like my life.
Call me, maybe?
Haha! Well you guys will have to go:-)
The assignment desk is also a hub for directions!
"You fat fucker, You fuckin molee, You big piece of shit, You tried to trick the gucci"
Right now discussing Youth Homelessness and the very sensitive issue hoping to take action on it
Fire..Listen To 'Welcome To H-Town' Off New Mixtape RT:anyone listens to Lecrae ? he any good ?
Trying to figure out how to get some Beverly Hills Cop quotes into one of our projects cc/
Independent News &amp; Media director to step down
any chance the Cowboys get Osi Umenyiora??
Our second note on the history of zarzuela has been published to our Facebook site! Check it out! (On the web site soon)
Looking for freelance web designers and freelance programmers. Know anyone? Message us. Thanks.
Lets go broncos its
The Hunger Games: An Alternative Media Movie Review - Bay Area Indymedia
was here hacking yooo shit cause i made it :D
Nap time in between unpacking. Be back in 20 minutes.
You continue to make our point for legislation. Have you proposed any legislation? Has Rand Paul proposed any?
Those annoying guys that like every girls picture on facebook..
Im gonna end up punching someone in the fuckin face by June 8th
Its a count down till I get tha benz.. Im on 1.. Im pushin myself tryna see how much I can do..25 years old doen it mane
less than 100 for me to goal...how's your #amwriting?
Not when I'm trying to concentrate tho lol “: I love music that talks about sex! Lol.”
Could it be? My day is over? Time to head home! Woohoo!
wow, retention is not answer as a former hs principal, leads only one direction. Efforts should focus on the Whatever takes approach
pretty sure you could've told me the day I came over.
U ever get tired of hearing the radio... then start listening to the cds u have, & realize.. u got your cd on repeat just like the radio?
Just saw Justin Beiber and Jaden Smith. Could this day get any better? Oh yes, Reagan Sadies tonight!
Your very welcome! Where you from bro? :)
Howdy everyone. Chad Johnson here. Hope you've all had a great week.
we all love both of u
MusicLocalScene thanks for following me on Twitter!
tonight's the night have to avenge the heart-break from the other night
Trying to negotiate my cable/internet bill today - wish me luck!
I'm so happy that you're doing #Apt23! So perfect for you! #HILARIOUS! Hoping for longevity and gold statues for you guys. : )
Just downloaded Instagram. Why didn't I jump on this sooner?
She want that old thing back...
“: It's hard to be a positive person when I'm surrounded by dumb motherfuckers.” Amen to that!
Not sure how I feel about Timelines for Pages, what do you guys think?
Thanks for that post, Jenna.
Offshore Wind Bill (HB 441) just passed the MD House of Delegates! Vote count was 88-47. On to the Senate!
Nexus Prime huh? What do u not like about the iPhone?
Patron wanted me to find a quote's source. Found it on a photo of a plaque in a 1972 newsletter after zooming in
Looks like Kobe vs Lebron finals will never happen.
I've been living down the street from since like 2000 and never see her lol weird right?
thanks for listening homie!
bahahahahaha I want everyone home with all limbs attached. Tell monika I'm mostly talking about her when I say that
Today's Sandwich: Turkey & pepperjack melt on grilled multi-grain with spinach & mayo....served with a cup of soup....$6.95
I HAVE WORKING MY ASS OFF LATELY... BUT I FEEL GOOD THOUGH....
Reminds me of Maria Fornes writing that she dusts every corner and sharpens every pencil before putting down a word of a play.
fun playing w/ u today on 1st feature tbl. Was 3 to ur right at start. Would love to chat pkr biz opp: msg or .
Arresting ppl is obviously not the problem. So what's the solution?
I hate when black people calls gay ppl fags but go in an uproar when their called the N word
thanks lol. I would have stressed all day trying to figure it out. Now ima download it haha
I want you, I can't lie
please do! First 2 are on me....
Heard the news is on channels television, pls if u hav electricity, tune in n confirm for us abeg
only if he asks
Today is the anniversary of the Beatles' first appearance on the Ed Sullivan show, kicking off their US invasion. Great day in rock !
#ThingsThatMakeMeLOL Old people dancing
I really need help handling stress. These next two weeks, I'm going to be majorly on edge!
Read me please!!
ah, Josh that was terrible. Just give it up! #fortheloveofchris LOL!
"And there's a base hit." "And there's a base hit." "And there's a base hit." "And there's a base hit." "And there's a base hit."
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but I love you so much so follow me maybe :)?
Watching Robocop and filing taxes. It would be the perfect afternoon if the dishwasher hadn't exploded all over the kitchen.
there wasn't when I ordered in February. But it's getting closer to football season... :-/
well as a scholar of the African Diaspora that's what I do my Morehouse brother!
Today, I shall be known as OneWhoDoesLaundry.
eso lo.que ay,u guys are going to rip the stage.
That ghost is Freddy. And he's upset you messed with his closet.
My pleasure! Looking forward to the soil project.
WOW is simply on fire
Kurzweil: Everyone in the room is already enhanced by computer technology.
Up all night <U+2665>
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.
#FordMiamiLatism was a beautiful event & it was great to hear share some beautiful words on behalf of !
#MalePains RT : #WhyDoiAlways get random boners at the worst times throughout the day in school?
i want to learn how to play bass! someone teach me
love the Receivers interview you guys did. The Superman reference. Great Job. GO PACK GO...!!!
That doc is more about process and procedure than sexy food pr0n. And also: ice in the soup...Really?
#Throttled. #AT&T continues to suck. I wish I would have made the switch to when they had unlimited data.
We can only wish. Musburger forcing him to drink beers": Any chance Herbie can hustle over to AZ to do color for the Fiesta Bowl?"
If you missed Pig Iron's Hams Across America, quick review: glorious, & everything that Sens. Coburn and McCain thing is wrong with the USA
I hope you know your making me cry right now.
wow, was that one year ago? Happy birthday! I'd play for you again but my guitar is on a boat.
no two leaves are alike in a forest of 100,000 trees no two journeys are alike on the same path ~ Sufi poet Hafik
quiet conference on a friday afternoon...
Omg Deena. I freaking love the Meatballs
Big ups to Stephen Schott stadium!!
1) absolutely! I'm on it! 2) X is the coolest. What a great weird mix of band geek, greaser, rockabilly and silent movie art queen!
"Good morning!!!!!!!! :D" RT if seeing that smiley made you wanna smack a baby.
Trying to discern health care reform as anything other than young and old re allocating dollars while other game the system...
each ticket is 60 dollars.. I wish you could go!
so now do you believe Texans are #1 in the afc when a rookie QB beats a very good Falcons Team Texans final record will be 13-3
you gonna go see Blue Like Jazz this weekend?
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
Playing good defense
RT : Perfection is not a destination, it is a process. Be tireless in your pursuit of your calling. Work at it.
oh wow... I was going through your thread....
Are they meeting at the AA mtg? RT When a rodeo clown bumps into his high school guidance counselor, who's more embarrassed?
aw, thank you! That was very sweet of you to say! :)
that show is so addictive it's great!
Let's collaborate on research! I am so amped for EBP!
": All the Internet chatter now is Shabazz to UCLA and Nerlens Noel to Georgetown." <- that would suck.
I had a crazy dream that my crazy ex and I were friends again. This insanity must stop!
kiss cam? this sounds great. i'm in!
Am I the only one that thinks this new #ESPN on field reporter is horrible?!
Good Friday sermon draft done. On to vestry.
Relationship dependency is not something I look in to.
Can't wait to see win that Shorty Award! I know he will win it. I just know he will!
shinji keeps it so real
we will conquer the epidemic of illiteracy in this country together Mr. Daniels. Help me help you!
Farming fish: Hamilton couple continues operation of Bitterroot Fish Hatchery
I'm watching #GossipGirl with !
I gotta whole lotta wonderin, goin thru my mind, y u wont be with me girl, can u plz tell me y? Its just crazy, its not my point of view...
there was a place selling die-cut leather a few years ago. Maybe check eBay?
Linda Perry is awesome
#shotsfired RT : I swear my brother's like 2. So damn immature.
You never know what u got until it's gone.
The frog stares and listens
it's been this way since the beginning of time.
Bare with us on the website... its being redesigned... but look for us in your grocery store. We're all #organic, and low calorie
If your a true friend you wouldn't go out with the person I like and you knew that!
I'm just being myself, seeing where life decides to take me.
idk she is jesus therefore she practically invented sports
nice 2 c we people can still influence. Of course took industry giants 2 but a great example of what we can do if organized
Best night of the year for a BC fan!
So good! That is my favorite beer there. Enjoy!
haha glad you enjoyed that :)
We LOVE our fans! They come from all places near and far… where do YOU come from?
No problem :)
Dawn. You are are dumb. HE HAS A KID! Things will change.
Why does that one strike your fancy?
Hating school cant wait till its over and i can chill for the summer
True story: I had a dream the other day. was running off the field carrying the Lombardi Trophy. Dreads flying with excitement!
thank you, sir. Likewise! Looking forward to connecting with you :)
I was descent. Alot like you played 3 sports so didn't get rolling until the spring break tourneys but did throw a no no my Sr yr
We would never do that! :)
Aw, didn't you have that at your wedding? You guys are adorable! (I'm not stalking you, I just remembered because I knew Sean)
Be thankful you don't live in NYC and enjoy some outdoor dining tnt in chi.
El Sobrante, CA- Need females for art shoot. Nudity involved. Pay is $100. (Casting Code A1)
trying out tiny twitter. so far i like it.
Out tonite? Come to Saturday Nite Beaver #BaconStrip - Yours truly will be channeling Holloway & Paradrise Garage
...unless you're nervous about how long its going to count...seems like a bigger sweat to me
Gosse: We should move away from our conservatism as a discipline - follow where the oral history takes you.
so my bday is next fri!! What should I do?? Def gettin a spot at the Ritz dwntown but what u think?
i'm still pissed that Terrence Trent D'Arby is not on Twitter
S/O to ..always ready to
why not be happy Because if you're sad. You are sad all the time you will be crying all the time.
Great plank, by the way.
#Packers #Superbowl tees selling fast...some left. Hats supposed to come tomorrow. 608-241-8807
Come see the 'Step Into My Shoes' booth this weekend at the Mental Health Month event on Sat., and the Carlsbad Village Street Fair on Sun.
Maybe Hummer's theme song should be, "I'm burnin', I'm burnin', I'm burnin' fuh-yool."
loved spending it with you once again!! Great work today! And plus in spirit !
DM We have a solution in development any school district should be able to afford. Is there a way we can talk?
I spent 30 minutes doing Elliptical - 525. 525 calories burned.
RT : Young men who give advice, you should read the life of AW pink, and you will think twice
(c) It says I gained again!! -__- I don't know which to believe!!
Everybody seeing stars...his value may never be as high again in his career let alone this season.
:-( gotta keep fighting!
Happy birthday ! <U+E112><U+E312>
Welcome to Cbus! Stop in for lunch before the concert! we are across from the venue and open until 2:30p! Lunch is on us!
Who wants to feed me??
In my best Daniel Bryan voice: "Yes! Yes! Yes!" “: Anyone praying that Florida State does indeed leave the ACC for the Big-12?"
love the take me away post featuring all of that beautiful and romantic lace...especially that cake!
i wanna confess a lot of shit to a lot of people.
Nice work !! Hike up your prices and then dump your server. No streaming when I want it, why would I pay more for that?
I know people that love their droids but I've had an iPhone for 3 years and I will probably never have anything else…
Hey was up. Are you ready to get it tomorrow?
Best sentence of the day: "Phil Ochs and Tiny Tim and I played at a coffeehouse..."
It didn't say anything...
God! Why am I such a huge puppy lover? -_-
soonRT : When can yuh entertain me??
im writing a paper about " how bullying affects victims" i had to pick the topic&when i saw that one i thought of you : )
so I asked my three yr. son what he wants to be for halloween and he says he wants to be
pliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiissssss follow me answer
Can't believe JP got the last rose on the Bachelorette!!! Ben.. you defintely went out genuinely...
With the amount of butter and sugar she uses in every recipe I guess I knew it was coming but still sad :(
I would say Calgary needs you back, but I'm afraid then they would send for you before our second round starts :(
I hate when im singing a song the the artist gets the lyrics wrongg..
Nothin u and yeah what bout u
DARN IT!!!! I was this close to finishing my Etch-a-Sketch masterpiece
I've said it once too. TEBOW! “: So far tonight, ESPN has said "Tebow" 14 times. NFL Network has said it once.”
In Tallahassee parlance, calling the Casino Bill "dead" is about as conclusive as Newt Gingrich saying "I do!"
I'm on my friends phone .
On the bus to OIA Champs, TRIALS at Kaiser... #weONone !
Hello Tweeter, thank you for the follow. I look forward to learning many things from you in the venue of whatever thanks again.
#EBUS118 Confused, you DO NOT need to an "@" like symbol when you direct message?
What about this guy?
Super great to hear that downloading books at is a smooth process for you, Hooray!
Virgins(of age) shud b raped & forced to try sum drugs!so they can b brought down a few levels!& b in reality!!
Thank you for the mention!
I'm still on the train but will let u know when I hit the Sheraton--during luntion prolly.
60,000+ people at SOUTH BEACH, MIAMI GAY PRIDE!!! Holy Sh*t!!! ;)
Ladies love me! im on my cool J!
Hell yeah n glad of it!! Taught me well rt": have you ever had your heart broken?"
what's a 27 out of 32?
emergency iconathon fri 6:30 for occupy wallstreet e.g. $, citizen, oil barrell, 99%.... all symbols that can be created...@ the hub
Kids who workout chest & biceps everyday...
My dude mane
Our tutors at John Muir Elem. are lucky to be so close to ! All kinds of delicious food and cute shops there.
Go Daina and Dace name readers extraordinaire!
Shocked. Someone broke out from the pack!
Damn I need my hair redone
Whether called telecommuting, virtual office or work from home - remote working still has mixed acceptance 2 decades after first introduced.
Wanna get the gears community active give them free stuff
What don't kill you can only make you stronger...
your the man! I miss the HBO series though :( those bastards!!!
Does anyone want to help me carry 120 liters of paint?
thanks for the heads up
haha you said it all!
I have had just about enough of your jip. Pipe down and hush your gums. Go fight something and be uselfull with your life
Bears defense giving me 37 points for my fantasy team. Ha and people laugh and ask why I always choose them!
Her Roads stretch out before us the call of the wild The sky yawns a lethargic turquoise America an amusement park I'm a giddy child!!!!
you asking me out on a date or is this another dig on the HGB? ;)
Yes and Yes.
Trying to nap but being unsuccessful is so annoying. I don't get itt
OMC's "How Bizaare" has played twice today in places ive went. I swear if I hear LEN next im Going to run out oh here screaming
Give it up for 24's on a 70 chevy! Am I right?
Idk what's wrong with me, I'm just angry right now.
Oh ok haha yes I agree we need him. But no worries he signed with the Packers again.
Is that why my recent package came back U.T.F?
It's a big decision. The question is if your depression is a normal reaction to bad times or an abnormal, chronic condition.
Agree. I actually think it's more likely flip - MR wins EC, Pres. w/ Pop vote due to huge spreads in CA, NY, IL, MA.
Another great tour in the books! Home for one day tomorrow then flying to Morocco on Monday!
Totally! I love it.
it isn't that hard to remember to eat. Should be part of your everyday routine.
I don't need to hope anymore because I'm tired of being disappointed.
What TV shows we should watch tonight - Guyism
Girl, get your tweeting on! Are you following me? :)
Thank you John for the mention. It is greatly appreciated!
music helps me escape the reality of this shitty world
Can you provide the date, time, location and route this issue occurred on? We'd like to look into this. Thank you.
Your task for the future is not to foresee it, but to enable it. Live it in the Now!
in 2006, #SCT was a just new kid on the block fighting for its spot in #SLA.Now editors comment "it's a popular theory" Kudos to Penn State
i can understand whyy he said wtf tho. Its strange.
I'm scard
Time to get buff, then back to writing.
ill do it. Youll never do it lol
going to the home opener tonight. my first since moving to LA. should probably try to learn the songs before i get there.
RT : Heading out to Kansas city for the Network meeting. /// We look foward to it Lauren. Enjoy!
this is ken
Brandi, we create custom twitter backgrounds 4 Pro Athletes. Would love to do 1 for you FREE. Follow & DM if U R interested.
I think you mistook penguins for cheetahs and narwhals and panthers and kookaburras and stuff
Btw .. I will not be performing at Levelz on the 26th ... sorry to inconvenience anyone who cleared their schedule. - janky
After studying for the past 4 days and 5 hours...I'm gonna wake up early and study some more.
Let's go pacers!!!
they don't even know for sure. Some 'fan' tweeted it and everyone believed it.
I neef to get a new phone
The thought of you being someone else's soon really fucks up my mind
I am seeing mortgage interest rates inching upwards. Still in the 4's. Now would be the perfect time to buy. Don't lose your chance.
Consistently let your girlfriend know, face to face, how much she means to you. Don't "just assume" she knows.
no better way to start a hungover Saturday than some
Dear Contagion: Thanks for teaching me that the five-second-rule is a lie, just like "Portal" taught me that the cake is a lie.
It's Cold In This Housee .
nice new profile pic!
Checking out the updated on first look I love the updated dashboard. Lots of focus on engagement social & mobile.
#imessage for iOS = no more reasons to have a blackberry.
Love can bring you down:(
Never felt so good to be HOME <U+0001F6C0>
Hey Bob - Are you still in Dexter Michigan right now?
R,I,P, #mikewallace !
All baseball batters need to wear head gear that will protect the entire head because those hard fast baseballs are very dangerous.
I know how important it is, but amazing that only 13% and yet the effect it has
Yeah, I still don't have your number!
Who wants a shoutout? :)
That's cool! :) Umm I have my sisters gradation party this Saturday and then just church on Sunday! <U+0001F61C> Thanks for asking! :)
i'm jelly <3
Indianapolis Events (IndianapolisIND) thanks for the follow.
Hey #travel buddies, what time is #tourismchat today?
Butler: #fairuse prctice mks prctic...i can tell u all this stuff, but if u dont USE IT, will die on vine #erl12 best talk so far, thank u!
hahaha it totally could be.
"Take advice, but not orders. Only give yourself orders. Abraham Lincoln once said, 'Since I will be no one's slave, I will be no one's...
But, if the American Dream is about an individual getting rich as hell, then maybe we would come to a different conclusion.
#CELTICS on #Fire! #NBAPLAYOFFS are making fans emotional
I know! And all those gorgeous meals, the fancy hotels, and swanky ships... so much better than reality! :-)
thank you love<3
listening to call me maybe because my best friend loves this song
Thanks for the add, and the mention!
“: Leaving Trinidad...after spending a wonderful day w/700 awesome teachers and admins...and The Franklin Covey Team!”
suffering from lack of direction in rebuilding his brand. Could benefit from the guidance of a creative business manager.
CONGRATS doll! I hope u have all of the happiness I'm the world. I hope to catch #ShannenSays on demand
haha, I came across her starships video and had to say it.. Haha
Woo-hoo looks like we happened 2 be ur 1,000th follower! Congrats and Happy Friday! :)
5 Starr chick<U+E335>
I am happy. That's just the saddest lie
#OWIF: Under the ancient rules of dance off, if one leader is eaten by a giant fish the other guy inherits their posse.
You know your social networking site is in bad shape when you're sending out emails pleading for users to look at things <1000 ppl viewed.
Thanks for the the extra ticket! is excited for the tonight!
babe just a mild not to hot yet I need more convinsing before i like send him my underwear in the mail or somthing
Hey , great speech yesterday event.....and poof then you were gone.
Goals in writing are dreams with deadlines.
Oh no! I am out of hot glue sticks!
Do crime rates drop on Super Bowl Sunday?
Thanks for the RT Michael!
Missing my Washington friends
"Pakistan" means "Land of the Pure". The Capital is Islamabad, so that could be the Muslim you mention....
Don't get all the snow talk. It's 80 today and I'm in shorts.
story this morn the motorcycle cruise for Ronald McDonald house....pretty cool to see over a thousand bikers in leather ride out for kids
RT : What you make isn't nearly as important as what you keep.
Can a human make himself cynical at a certain level for self progress; for the evolution. Can himself create the unbeliveable for surivival?
Avengers in the RealD experience tonight <U+0001F601> <U+0001F4BA>
October 19th begins the Leadership Learning Collaborative-register at www.LeadershipRising.com
Welcome to #CreativeGood! I make good use of Flickr as a photog. Any ?? about the Councils, give a shout. cc
If you ain first ya last. You either a champion or you like everybody else
nothing is every boring with you, is it? LOL sounds like a FULL day!
--aw thanks. miss you too emmygene....miss you too...
Nice win 4 the CARDS over ND, next up UCONN, maybe a Big East Tourney Championship? Maybe a #2 seed? Whatcha think?
Swing w/ Jeremy Schrader & see footage from ur fave Rat Pack films @ 's patio launch - bringing something Neu to #Memphis!
I like my red shoe.
“: “: #MentionTo someone you really need in your life.” my grandma <U+2764>” #agreed<U+0001F498>
But Arizona is wrong.
Al those hours and 1/2 a song?
Steve Stetson quote of the day - on songwriting: "You know it's a great chorus if it reminds you of a 90's tv theme show..."
Less turnovers, and more inside shots
thanks for the retweet and follow! "Lapsed vegeterian." --I can relate!
the new site looks great
Watching my favorite show #jerseyshore with my favorite person
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.authors-corner.com/faulkner.php Buy your book !
It's to early for all that. Lol
If a firefighters business can go up in smoke, and a plumbers business can go down the drain, can a hooker get layed off?
Help! Does anyone know how to score Vermunt's Inventory of Learning Styles? The scoring key doesn't explain how to determine styles.
Five Myths Of The Enterprise Startup
RIP Junior Seau. You were one bad dude.
": Miss you bro!!!----->“ same brother! Catch up in 2012! Texas Forever
Yikes! $800k in debt already? Good luck getting any kind of return, sharks! She should have done 1 location at a time.
Swamp gas? I assume its sulfer-related. Or am I way out in left field?
You got mail. if you have any questions, let me know. peace out
I've followed the commentary for some weeks now, but also laid back in the cut & waited to make my own decision.
Overthinking destroys you.
Got script revisions for "The Device" this Saturday. I shall be ready!
Couldn't resist since Matt Millen walks around wearing a bulls eye 24/7. . .even during the offseason.
Batman is poised under any circumstance. Just like Batman, Bosh strikes us with amazement.
that was a long-winded way to say, "No Gem, I don't do that" lol
keep warm and throw big snow balls at the #laker fans!!!
Valentine just needs not to call players out in Media and/or air the teams dirty laundry #Keep it in house! & win. it cures all
for the second time in a row -___-
staying up just to watch on Jay Leno. He winked at me at the club last month, I gotta do it.
Microsoft Outlook in beta trials for integration!
I was up so high lookin down at the sky, don't let me fall
ps a girl with Autism at work stopped crying and got up to start dancing to Party by Beyoncé and it made my life lol
Thx for the feedback. Would like to hear more. Open to share details on improvement? Email: . cc
Day trip to boston. Dinner with pops. Pray for me
must i do #Imagine ?
I wish I had someone to go out to eat with me.
He is just so perfect.
I fill my #Vegas itch about 270 times a year. Locals have it so good!
Good Morning
You never notice me :| please follow back
they had REALLY sweet tea in TN! Time to fly home now.
I don't wanna wait for you but i can't get you out of my mind; i don't wanna see no more.
i need business cards of yours. EVERYTIME I wear one of your shirts I end up writing Seibei on a napkin for someone
Hey G you making it out to practice tomorrow!? Good 2 c u there!
Happy 176th birthday Texas!!
Alright --done!
I don't really care what people have to say about me
i see you're moving right along!! Stay SAFE!!!
cafe's w/o wifi remind me of bookstore-cafes in late 80s/early 90s the phoenix, in san jose on san pedro, calif. street's printer's ink
12 hr shifts....crazy hours.....and COFFEE <3 gives a total new meaning to wide eyed and bushy tailed. #haha but for real!
oh my gosh!! That's terrible!!
[whimpers] RT OK but could BC beat the Columbus Blue Jackets???
. Thanks, Mike. How was your race?
thanks for following my new tweeps!
I don't even remember the words to that rap song, and I wrote it. Also, Ed, I miss you (and Julz)!
I love talking to
Serafin is the man!!
Look for us at the Fit In Fashion Lounge Tailored by amNewYork this NY fashion week! February 9th-16th!
What's better about internet bball commentary today: more respect for marginal MLB players. Less "so and so sucks."
: yes! Penis shaped food sculptures are sure to get u that raise you've been hoping for!
I am actually bringing my dogs and my to #aaa2010 with me this year. A within driving distance = nice
17 year old just headed to the river with "the boyfriend". Should I be worried?
Friday $2.50 Bud Light pints !!!!!! (B)ecause (U) (D)eserve (W)hat (E)very (I)ndividual (S)hould(E)njoy (R)egularly B.U.D.W.E.I.S.E.R.
He's almost gone almost......
I didn't change, I grew up.. Maybe you should try it sometime...
Who's going to the opening reception for Simone Leigh's 'jam packed and jelly tight' exhibit at Tilton Gallery? Wish I could be there. :(
Um I am hungry who is cookin.....
halloween party starts next month.. but I still haven't found my American-British dress..
Come check out surrender tonight! It's going to be awesome... Only
You are very welcome!! :)
"There was a sign said 'don't bring cellphone in the shaur'. Who'd do that? they don't waterproof em, do they? ok, thanks for telling me"
Yes you did! We talked about it a while back. :) But that's okay...I get it...you forgot...three times...;)
Dumb throw Ramos! Haha! C'mon #Cubs, make something happen!!!
Mission accomplished. Legs and abs feel like jelly. Love it!
I don't even want 2 try~the effort I put n2 it, just dies~As im writhing on the floor, I smother as HE watches me die.HE luvs to see me cry
Has anyone else noticed that 7 of 8 #CWS teams are from the South? #Gamecocks face the Aggies first! Go Cocks!
You'd think after years of working with catalogs of production music I'd be over it. No way. The moods are just so magical.
Watched #UFConFOX for the first time with on Sat night. 1) this is on network TV? 2) why watch anything else
GREAT NAFC show Fri nite @ Milw's Potawatomi Bingo Casino! Congrats to all who entered the cage! Get ready for major league MMA in Aug!
Just had a great strategy call with board of directors regarding how to help religious leaders across the country speak out...
I learned something. Thought I would share: Sympathy is the most powerful tool in any human interaction. It can save your life.
is leaving! :-( But it's for a great opportunity and I'm very excited for him!!
Noo. Not yet, but the weekend after this next one, I'm going over to the neighborhood that he lives in to meet him. c:
it was a minnesota dream, I didn't see ya.
I HATE when people subtweet talking shit say the persons name in your tweet if you got something to say
#Blackparentsquotes "GO GET ME A SWITCH OFF DA TREE SO I CAN BEAT YO ASS NIGGA!!" and they be foreal too
1st sand volleyball game tonight...hope i don't act a fool!! better set me up!
Good morning, how is everyone?
It truly is a good.morning now!
4:30am. Bus of band kids barrels north in Canada. Exit's only missed by inches, but bus still flips. Four instruments lose their players.
#ALEXANDROBERTHAVETHEBESTSWAG OUT THERE NO ONE CAN BEAT IT EVER
Tours are booking up fast for this wknd. 5 booked on Sat-some avail's left & pretty open on Sunday Funday, grab the Groupon & book a tour!
I could always surprise you with a bucket of paint one day?
Oh no RT : Oh no. RT : Maurice Sendak, author of 'Where the Wild Things Are,' dies at 83 -
#bow #bow show none at all
sounds great. i'll ping you tomorrow!
Thank you so much for sharing!!
"Why should you never iron a 4-leaf clover? Youdon't want to press your luck." Keep rockin'! Happy St. Patrick's Day! ;)
I like the way you think.
Good thing you got on then, :)
#amwriting What is that on my photo prompt blog today? It's a... It's a... What *is* that? www.writeawayeveryday.blogspot.com
And the 2 drummer thing sounds sloppy to me.
"Do or do not, there is no try"
JH: you should be specific with an employment policy. Perry is running fast and loose.
I wish I could be but I live in Oklahoma! Will be seeing it here soon tho !
when the moon seems to shine like you had too much wine, thats amore
"Lars shouldn't you be watching the kids?""ahh we're using the body system""body system?""yes.....BODY!!!!!!""oh buddy"
Holy black mamba!
No foot pedals in the house!
Me too! RT : I'm cheap “: Any undrafted free agents you think the Chargers should look at? Tweet us. #ChargersDraft”
yeah dude Priscilla packed me a snack and everything! I aired up my ball!! Hahaha naw kidding I've been xboxin this bitch up
is it truee?
come over so i kan give u a sample den
We got the secrets!
cute text.
I'm a HUGE Cowboy fan just like you and can I get a RT?
Anybody tryna cam? I'm in the mood for some naughty fun too ;) Yeah ho I'm talking to you
Need somewhere to watch the big game tonight? Head on over to the for a fun-filled viewing party at game time!
i followed you. please follow for an instant follow back.
RIP Dick Clark... the ageless master of ceremony
Thanks, Peter, for the GDrive/Skydrive resource comparison link yesterday.
New band I'm in is gonna rule..updates and nude photos coming soon!!!
“Freedom begins between the ears.” Edward Abbey
I see we've gone over 400 FB followers. Welcome and please join in!
awesome!!! Had a "Mila weekend" watching Friends with Benefits and Black Swan :-)
Ask thru poll what people think on a question, show results and then reveal the underlying research
ughh im bored:(
you can have him :)
Every person in the world knew Tebow was going to run on the 2 pt conversion. And he did. And he scored. And nobody was surprised.
No school for me today, home sick:(
Your on twitter
Clairy i love you
Only you would pick up on that subtlety! In CONCACAF...10 goals are possible!
plz tweet me im your biggest fan in the entre world
taking my momma out to eat~
Oh, uh...never?
what's darker 5% or 20%
God damn my mother doesn't shut up about anything!
Sunny on the Front Range and winter storm warnings just down the road... Only in Colorado!
Enjoy your brainstorm session! What is it that you do?
Alright --done!
2 great investment turnkey multi family properties in Honeoye Falls contact me for information
The hunger games trip today.
yeah I think we'll keep him.
Choose the life that is most useful, and habit will make it the most agreeable. -Francis Bacon
So awesome! Are you a new State Officer or finishing up?
Taylor i swear on my life . why would i lie about that ????
You've been on a kick lately! Naming all these songs I remember listening to as a youngster. NICE!
where is here? Lol
I'm busy with work . My sister been living with me though she looking at a condo on top of hip restaurant! How have you been
953 W. Diversey (Sheffield & Diversey) at the Brown Line stop. We hope to see you in May!
I love to sleep. It's hard to make mistakes while you're asleep.
Reading a historically portrayal of Mohammad, a key Prophet in Islam.. Very interesting! And great read!
Philly: I am in you
you are SO welcome! Fingers crossed Fiesta is found SOON!
So what are you guys up to nowadays?
Thank you so much! Happy New Year to you as well--I hope it's your best year yet filled with so much happiness!
Wow I'm actually.. Reading.. A book.
"Believe in yourself. If you don't, then no one else will have a reason to" ~John Di Lemme
Isn't that the stuff breastmilk is made of?
I'm always amazed at the lack of basketball IQ out there. Then no one tweets back and I wonder if I'm losing it. So thank you.
I lock the door behind me when no one is home because nothing seems worse than being attacked while you are on the toilet.
That lifeless feeling you have after you take one of salyer's tests<<<<
small market... No hype or trash talking. Maybe?
You're welcome! And I sure will try it soon!
RT if you want me to dm for you?x
Lmao! " Fighting with Demi Haters makes me horny."
I think for my last song I'm mashing Adele with Taylor Swift...
Hosting old school dance party tonite for a friend running for 29th ward alderman. williams V Banks Mason lodge-5323 w lake st 8-2am
I cant remeber when my last successful nap was :c
okay, so you gave me a shout out and I cried this is officially the best day of my life :3
Hey thanks for following:)
Salt all in my wounds
our new site looks fantastic! Thank you all so much for your hard work.
So. Nurse sent me home cause if my eye. Doctor at 11
Think there gunna be a fight..o.o
is booze & food included in this suite or is it separate?
Good morning!!
Starting up 'THE BEST OF' for upcoming Annual Event, this May 5th. Welcome MANHATTANS back to Pgh!
It is always wise to look ahead, but difficult to look farther than you can see. -Winston Churchill
A bit of content protection work today, then it is on to reverb!
It's so hard to blog w/ a 16 month old hell bent on preventing it
The best of times
Jinxes. RT: early entries do not help your chances, people. But I love your passion
Thanks! Watch us in Chicago Thursday at 9pm on
Abandoned the dumpling festival for the almost-as-crowded Dumpling House on Eldridge.
Since I'm mostly looking at academics, they probably don't feel the same way. :(
my friends say im a fool, to think that your the one for me i guess im just a sucka for love <3
Oye. Just read this tweet. "Today I learned that the Kentucky Derby is only about 90 seconds long and not like a NASCAR race."
Happy Friday! Does anybody have any good exercise ideas for the weekend?
your size in_____?
Too bad Auburn couldn't fit Russel Wilson under the salary cap, already another TD.
RT : OMG. Crowd in gallery screaming "Shame on you. Shame on you." Admonished to be quiet.
I ain't neva ran from a nigga & I ain't about to pick 2day to start running!!!!hahaaaaaaa
last time we spoke you said you were hurting and I felt your pain in my heart
Does anyone have a Large Thunder jersey I could borrow for May 11? We're debuting our own mascot and he needs a shirt.
Can MY Hair Grow 3 More Inches Please.?(:<U+2665>
He will open a door for you soon, we're with you. Please see our prayer-app www.birdofprayer.org thank you
aww lov yaah hope u got a good day today omg MUCH LOVE baby and thx for all what u for me doing and helpin No one can separate us **** <3
Everyone go follow !:D
Harpers wrist tats: Type A / Not a Donor
every sunday night is the same
#countdown 7 days left. #honeybadger attitude on things don't/shouldn't matter, new spring new start. my persian NYear resolution
Jiffy pop really IS as fun to make as it is to eat!!!
God morning!! DAMN I FEEL GOOD, ha i got all that sleep lastnight!!;D #rise&grind
you better be, chasing you upstairs x
Amy wish that did not happen to you !!
!!!!!! I found their first CD the other day and have been freaking out with love for it. They're the best!
Nap time please
Thunder and lightning in the bay, a rarity. So invigorating!
Yo, , all but one of my "Recent images" just disappeared. What gives?
Put another on the board. I'm in!
Wow, John Avalon's got his politics RIGHT ON! Independents are the future of America, and it's time we TAKE OVER THE BROKEN SHOW!
Get a job, Otis!
Yup, for those poor bastards its more like "Good Luck..."
yes absolutely
“: well I need this to happen ASAP, too exciting to wait for #FHBO”haha <3 our inside jk
I'm miserable and feeling blue, cause all I really want is you...I'm feeling crazy...
On a scale of 1-10 my motivation to study is a -45689 #hurryupderby <U+0001F40E><U+0001F37B>
Never been so jealous n my life
with some sick pregame dunks and some oohs and ahhs from cavs fans
Nice bike ride to top off the day. It's amazing what some time away from technology can do for a person :)
Nicknames for my softball tee: Help? #TabeRuth #Heinekan't #TabstBR #Tabnanas #Who?
you look lonly down there...
Next you point a finger I might have to point it to the mirror
She doesn't know this yet but is my new marketing guru! She is the best. Do yourself a fav and follow her!
wonderful school and great programs. Looking forward to the potential partnership between our organizations.
Finally made it home so dam sleepy
WE WILL BE BACK STRONGER THAN EVER!!
Acai Plus is going international and will soon available in 200 countries.
Supply dictionaries for coaches RT : Dr.Brett Reed has been added to my list of potential clinic speakers Coaches Clinic
no please!
what's going on in #cleveland this weekend?? my bff is graduating!!!! you know we gotta celebrate..... 0:)
Kelly is awesome! ResVitále thanks you for the fb love!
In other news, gravity works after all.
I hope my plan of sleeping in the sun to get burned works...it'll eventually turn into a tan right?
Have one of your friends call and say its an "emergency"
DESIGN TRENDS IN YOUR HOME #1 "Graphic Modern" strong print statements, one or two colors. polka dots, florals on a grand scale.
rain in NYC...
City track update: East's Ninah Devine won the girls 300 low hurdles and triple jump titles. Edgewood's Joe McKenna won the 800 and 1,600
Tell your friends to join us on twitter for special "members only" deals.
Having so much anxiety you get sick
MKE's North Shore Library has a nice program for new babies where after 3 visits you get a free board book & sippy cup. Target sponsors it.
Utah in '98 was by far my worst. This was a really fun team to root for. Thanks for the great work this season.
They are so good! RT : Heard of the Eastland? Andrew White of talking Chicago history forgotten
Here in America, people return or exchange gifts, and shop for bargains all over again. In this eternal frenzy, life still happens.
come on... It's useful information!
i dont understand!
You sure we trust her out in traffic, all befuddled like this?
Jeez, after switching to iOS5 my data usage tripled... And I'm not doing anything special.
I'm with on this one. His opinions about sports figures r too strong considering his background.
oh no I missed the secret life of an american teenager. I hope Amy and Ricky stay together and actually get married.
RT Big wish of the day: Talk in court IF a jury gets seated today trial's opening statements could begin late this afternoon.
You have a way of putting the bullshit in perspective, dear Moon.
U act like these guys are the only superstars to join forces and it drives me crazy.
"What is the purpose of a business?" was asked in class.
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 36
Happy Valentine's Day! Don't know what to get your love one? We have gift certificates!! Get 20% off any detail!
Hoes is funny .
goodness. I hear ya there!
#ICantStandPeople who dont like Chipper Jones
TABLE-Foreign brokers set to sell Japanese stocks
RT I love u too :p but swear! That's not mayo that's crack cuz those are addicting
Why is life a story, when it just don't end happy?
Finding tranquility
RT Relaborate finishes in top 5 First Look Forum. Congrats to winner Mountain Logic. Very cool product.
can I get a refill of dat #TriggaKush please <U+0001F497><U+0001F618><U+0001F48B>
Not gonna let my shithead of parents ruin Lion King on broadway for me, such assholes
Go Pistons! RT: Pistons and heat tonight? I'm on it!
FOLLOW ! HE WAS MY 60TH FOLLOWER :]
I love youu,, I really hope you see thiss!
I have all that I have because I am.
FAMILY is my Heart.
All Saints' Day marks 5 years since I joined the I'll file this decision under "Good Choices".
#BESTFEST RT Thinking we will be before the game, if nothing comes up from friarhood. stop by for a drink
Just booked our return tickets- we'll be back next week! But first, Hong Kong....
oh yes! Very close!! Cannot believe its december tmw!! Hoping the ustream works on the 17th! Lol! How r you? How's the fam?
Going to lay it down....wat a fucking boring day it was!
fantastic! Thanks for sending it. And your #1 is enough for me...
Oh not at all! We had a misunderstanding?
Good morning, how is Seth doing today?
If there's anything we learned from I Am Legend it's that Will Smith talks to mannequins. But also that he might survive
Yes is can snow in Minneapolis in April/May! Even blizzards! #AAM2012 Be warm!
- It's just more stressful. Thanks Chef!
on way to sfjazz collective gig in ny at jazz standard. great shows last night! tonight -- saturday, ny, crazy fans -- can't wait!
Damn!!!! In a horrible mood for funnel cake!!!!!
like enjoying LATB's coverage of Bike WPT. Who isn't a roulette fish?
Yanks can afford to take a chance on Johan&Give up nice pieces who won't get off the pine in 2012. Mets get cheap depth at SS,C,LHP,RHP,OF
Yes!!! I almost never make it to games so it was still fun but disappointing
Here's hoping you have positive thoughts about stickK. Please let us know if you have any questions that we can answer!
#Psychomania burned down. I never got to go :c
Life is the first gift, love is the second, and understanding the third
Im a poopie with -We're named that by Allie :) HateLies<3Trust
this day, in 1775, Oxygen was discovered by Joseph Priestley
Let go of those who bring you down and surround yourself with those who bring out the best in you.
I need a digi003.....That would be dope
First official day of my half-marathon training plan!!! Cross your fingers for me!
so many projects, so little time.
Brafton #SEO #CEO how's my #LinkedIn Profile look? If I was you I would look at the staff. Is anyone over 40 years old?
I just want one follow from one of the boys.
Sorry to offend you, saw the article and just trying to help without costing you an arm and a leg. Locally owned, in 3rd Ward.
Yay!!! RT : &amp; next week I will be visiting the space for
My God is still powerful!
cnt tell if my tweet is sending..ugh..im still here, I just keep passing out cause im really tired.. cant function. <3 you
Get the brand new Meek Mills "I'm Rollin" got a kick to it.
Any DJ who is up on their Tribe Called Quest is gonna win my vote. They gotta be my fav HipHop collective. Sue Me
Twelve people run the Instagram company?! I'm picking up aroma of robot.
haha. It was a great game tho. Thunder were bullying the squad.
Hip?!?! Hm RT As modulars get more hip, we'll see more in production.
I bet your a screamer.
Hip-Hop's leading ladies represented at the 2012 Met Gala event in New York City...
Good-morning :-) lames
I like that the day after I finish #Catching Fire, #Mockingjay comes in the mail.
Do it, woman. :( its better. <3
Goal for college: Avoid the freshman 15.
says he is not trying to convince us to wear tinfoil hats.
Woohoo, can't wait for (SAA) workshop on EAD tomorrow at Tulane. Come say hi if you're attending, I'll be there.
Ryan Braun still = cheater
You're so going to regret it
The Universal Language of Jump Rope - simple and so true
Me too! It was so disappointing.
why would I tell u a song a song name or a whole song?
Watching waiting to exhale
I love M.O.E because its all about that dollars when people see us coming
Because there is no typical pageant girl.
Happy birthday ! Loved dancing with
If you really #trappin you need to get one of the #hotlines I'm slangin out
Guess they didn't have "Will & Grace" in North Carolina.
If you have you tongue pierced and have to get your wisdom teeth out . Do you have to take your piercing out ?!
- Happy Birthday!
Don't feel guilty, cheats on #HCG happen. Just try to avoid cheating again b/c the more u cheat that harder it is to maintain in P3
Thinking about you, beautiful!!
How are Humpback Whales like Twitter? Their songs identify a social network. Go find your own link...
I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. Thomas Jefferson
nope, apparently we're supposed to ship everything with everything else
hey u should follow me:D
The cirque du soleil featurette sounded cooler than it ended up being. snooze
Right! But I'm finna take my ass to sleep ill text you when I get up.
“: I have three... Maybe four. Five? Twelve?” haha love you!!!
when was the last time the gators didn't have a draftee before the fourth round?
Running at 6:30am seems silly. Perhaps you should come enjoy a latte at instead of working so hard. The jazz is on me.
TODAY ONLY 50% OFF! All our great gifts are half price!!!!
When will you be giving time to the opposite view of that Tratior Bradley Manning. My friends die, and he spies. Hang him!
We are going to be promoting at the Never Shout Never show at HOB
Mr. Belding on Mad Men. The circle is complete.
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one.
I am all out of whack today. I need to get my #yoga on asap!
Please tell me Chris Davis is really coming in to pitch the bottom of the 16th. Please.
Tomorrow with Greg Kihn - Cherie Currie from The Runaways!
nice job getting the WIN though!
My teenaged daughter's friend is playing Gershwin's Rhapsody in Blue on my piano as I type this. I wonder if he's up for adoption.
That moment when you stick your hand in a frying pain and automatically burn your self.
I can't stop these spam emails about rap-rock musicians updating their résumés. I wish I never signed up for LinkedIn Park.
Happy Mothers Day Moms! I'm letting my better half sleep in. Kids have been up for an hour.
yeah u meeting us up there???
Who's up? WE ARE. Studio today to finish up the last few songs of the ep.
My "favorite" part about the InstantAtlas is the advertisement of "Low Cost" compared w/the pricing in US$. Low cost for whom?
So great to see this pushed forward!
Lol Manning not interested in Titans? That's why there is a meeting scheduled! haha Come back to Tenn! Manning+CJ2K+Britt=#SB47!
spa at the del Monte, facial with Jenni. Well worth it.
Poor Megan: the Bettification begins!
Lol yes! RT S/o to for throwing up on my foot in pigskin
": Who remembers the early to mid 90s playground sensation known as "Pogs"? Having a retro moment here." I almost remember how to play!
90% of all text messages are read within the first 3 minutes of being received
RT I need volunteers to go through a Community Manager Foundations class I'm developing with Argyle Social.
are u goin to school for anything this fall?
Live every act fully, as if it were your last
Warm weather + last day of #SpringBreak = screaming #neighborhood kids.
Thanks for the shout out! Which #PreserveNYC got your vote?
There are two ways of spreading light. To be the candle, or the mirror that reflects it ~ Edith Wharton.
Another amazing saturday night in #Boston ... <U+0001F44E><U+0001F4A4>
It will be awesome
#Soccer training tonight for 3 teams in Boynton Beach.
Wondering if She Will
Guys!!! I got sent to twitter jail earlier<U+0001F620>
I love that video, I'm hoping to specialize in pediatric or neonatal nursing.
it's seriously amazing <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
*texting fuckin auto correct
Oh i kno ma lol, im jus playin along with it!! are you single, or happily married??
A+ Modern Family episode tonight
being a Os fan means fantasy baseball! Let's get your top 5 at each position fantasy wise
What makes a beautiful website?
Nice! I am currently in Portland. Where are you job hunting?
Please make my twit experience moar enjoyable. Moar twits, you tweet!
Heading 2 Denver this weeknd.Tried soccer last week, still little rough onthe ankle, I think I can pull off a USG game next weekend.
g'morning cock a doodle do... cum n git it!
tons of fun last night with and gorgeous clothes & yummy cocktails!
You are most welcome! <U+263A>
Nope, it's not! Good for you. And, thanks from all of us!
Personally hated it. Guessing it's the taboo nature-- but I am perplexed as well as to why it's appealing to women.
mike n holly. rt @ Eliz_Mcflyer Eliz_McFlyer_Judd who won bachelor pad? michelle and graham or holly and mike? x
The Galleries look fantastic, it's going to be a great opening on Friday night.
#NowPlaying Dust In The Wind
listening to Sean Murphy of RT : Settling in at
RT : For the first time in 9 years there are no Americans fighting in Iraq.
haha! He was a welder there! And I (Tyler) also went there for commercial arts!
I love the live tweeting from this road trip. Keep it up!
SENIOR TRIP. Must go lol
I love this. I only wish I knew and had brought jäger for the three of us lol
Woohoo! About to take some loads at the bookstore.
"Sometimes I Forget" by Kinsey Sadler #2 worldwide request on SoundCloud / Resnik Music Group this week.
A whip my hair back nd forth, A whip my hair back nd forth, a whip my..oh.. sorry dude.. but can't you see I'm whipping my hair?
#20ThingsAboutMe; 13. I've always wanted to an 'In-Flight Crew Member' for Virgin Atlantic Airlines.
I wish a conference chair/commentator would demand people actually ask questions the way this #IQ2US moderator does.
Bet u wish u played the #hand u were dealt "SCARED" But instead u thru all cards in. U had all aces (to bad) I'm playin all "Duces". #peace!
"Live in your strength." - My "Yogi" tea bag quote.
So nice to see so many children in the audience at today's showing of World Peace in Charlottesville! They love it!
Apple WWDC Sold out in 2 hours!! Now that is some serious demand. I wonder why they don't move it to a bigger facility than Moscone West.
im goin to school :)
OH RIGHT! OMG MY DADDY WAS IN A CRASH THAT INVOLVED 7 CARS! ALL CAUSED BY A MAN ON HIS PHONE LUCKILY MY DAD AND OTHER..
I am full of air.
wahh today already sucks :\
TRAFFIC: Jack knifed semi Eb I90/94 @ the Badger Interchange
Looking for a cool place to have a bday party in NYC. Any ideas? Looking at a few lounges.
RT : When the pain of suffering persists, God is still present. When the gifts we enjoy are gone, God is still good.
Wildly gorgeous sunshiny afternoon in South Texas
That's a great line. I hope you're using this for something more than a tweet.
OMGOMG KAMMIEEEE I NEED TO TALK TO YOU <3
Washington tomorrow!
Birthday lunch !! Why? 'cuz it's the best lunch place in town!!
Warm burrata with red onion, lemon, chile, parsley, olive oil & grilled bread
Me? I had lunch before 4pm! Ha! ; )
loves grapes!
yeah the Ravens do it sometimes too. It's really annoying though as a fan
What text?..
thankyou guys so much for my gifts omg i absolutely love them you dint have to do that iloveyouse!! :* <U+E328><U+E32B><U+E328><U+E32D>
"Break my heart for what breaks Yours."
I just came back home from going out to eat with da fam
Happy Halloween to all the trick-or-treaters who saw me changing in my room with the shades up.
not to be confused with "Twister!" from the producers of BATTLESHIP starring Rihanna and the kid from 2.5 men
I like Lady Gaga, very creative, haha. :)
Screaming at my brother in the car.
Happiness Rule #2 - Free your mind from worries...
did you know that roald dahl wrote the screenplay?
I think Charlie Sheen should be the new Superman.
I sent you an e-mail about my capstone! :)
Just sitting here crying. I am so tired. :( I just want to rest. I dont matter anymore. why do i even try? :(
hehe yes really :) & well I don't know, I'm busy with studying so I guess I can't :( <U+2665>
PULLED PORK SLIDERS: 3 egg buns filled with barbequed pulled pork & dill pickle served with sweet potato strings.
Preparing my travel itinerary to Bahamas, in late August 2009, for a beachwear competition.
Intentionally confusing my guy is a guilty pleasure. It's okay, he knows. Haha!
Still like you.
er referred me to urgent care. Severe allergic reaction is no longer an emergency.
very cool! I'll be on vacay with my wife, but we'll have some of our team there.
So, on Law and Order, they give ppl coffee during interrogations. Bad strategy. Give me a few gin/tonics and I'll spill my guts.
": Don't count the days, make the days count..." So not true in the last stretch of senior year. Definitely counting the days.
Everytime I try to use it, it does something stupid. I'm only using it because it is the only way to get stuff on the iPad
She really gone.I'm Finna get hella drunk fuck it
I mish fish
Not till 3. It's not the children. Just people acting like them. :-)
I'm gonna put a curse on you and all your kids will be born completely naked. - Jimi Hendrix
That was kinda ironic if you ask me!
S/o to my newest follower
Computers generate basic stories. -who cares about the inverted pyramid if computers run the show? - let's do STORIES!
got back from an errand and my hallway smelled like a stables-ick!
Weber, Out of the Dark. Aliens attempt to conquer Earth, face unanticipated challenges from pesky contemporary humans. Deeply satisfying.
Just because we don't talk doesn't mean I don't think about you. I'm just trying to distance myself because I know I can't have you.
Happy Holidays
I'd Google that for you, Chris, but I'm not an asshole :)
No 1 knows what it means but its proactive...
Cannot wait til sunday. Beers, water, boat. Need that so bad.
tweet tweet tweet I don't know what I'm saying either but I'm for sure on twitter
Might be in every Taco Tuesday for your chicken taco salad. Yum!
WHAT MAKES YOU BOOOTTIIFULL.
RT : In South Carolina, a Final Blizzard of Appeals Before the PrimaryIn South Carolina, a Final Blizzard of Appeals…...
Just curious on how college athletes can afford all the tats they sport...must have great summer jobs.
There's no set agenda to tonight's Green Drinks #GSO. Just lots of socializing and green chat. Hope you'll join us!
Not even going to lie. This warm weather is kinda freakin me out!
Apparently my sky miles that were a free ticket two months ago mean nothing now. Not my fault fuel went up! I just want a vacation!
people that your cell phone & want to bang I think it is funny peep game talk shit to people's face not over the phone..stop being fake...
Its going to be a crazy ride and I'm so ready. Trip of a lifetime with some screams mixed in there ; )
Trip to Sally Bell's for box of cupcakes. Cupcakes: $8; the joy of getting a $40 parking ticket: priceless.
I am definitely doing What's in a Name 5 Challenge!
Mole taco is unbelievable. Best mole I've tried in Chicago. No doubt. Rubi's at maxwell street market.
#liber2011 Types of digital content: simple/complex, rendered/ non-rendered, static/dynamic. Different set of problems for each.
I wonder if the first person to ever pop corn thought they were under attack.
If you're a banana fan, then you'll love our Banana-Graham! Come check out our new froyo flavor on the gorgeously sunny NEWBURY STREET!
What in the world? That was nutty.
haha I party with Z all the time. Next weekend we're having a huge party and you're coming for sure.
Stoked to see the film. Gittin' my tix at LA Film Fest... ya hoo.
Let's go!
Highly recommend the new GALAXY NEXUS
I'm so nervous
Dear Thirst, you rock my world. Thank you for awesome and proving just how powerful design.
looking forward to it! Hope we can connect before/after. It's been a minute.
is about to go play golf with my dad.. anyone in the chastain park area look out for wayward golf balls...
which basketball takes it all home this year now that Rose is hurt?
Fabulous Sunday. feels like fall. Cleaning closets. Watching football. Making lentil stew.
Finally got to see Jaden!!! (: made out in the back of his mom's car while his mom was talking me home haha
love you too :*
Holmes, Harvin and Decker. Which 2 do I start at WR2 and flex? First 2 have good matchups but Decker way more productive
Historians and climate change was intriguing, how can public historians help fix the cultural causes of climate change?
It's only going to shift more as more more browsers add the unified search/address bar. Coming to Safari in Mountain Lion.
love you
5yrs!!! Really lets talk about it... Why did u allow it to go on for so long sweety?
When a lady at the eye doctor asks if you were somewhere last weekend because my name was mentioned<<
David Stern: "the 2011-2012 kia most valuable player...Lebron James" Uncle Gooch: *yells* "Where your championship at!!?" Ahahabba
i'm on Tweet Limit x) :)ILYShawty<3
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME [: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! & MY FRIEND :] THANKS AUSTIN! XOXOX
thanks! they were well received so maybe I'm onto something (or just obsessed with pie lately)
When I listen to I'm Made Of Wax, Larry, I always have to clear my throat along with the song.
's Shoulders, Legs & Abs workout today in the Hollywood Hills is going to be Amazing!
This our night, the look in my armpit says we can go all the way.
Who wants to be a friend and come share their Mary with me :) HMU!
lol cute : Sophia to me this morning... "Don't you have a shower to take?" Man, am I feeling the love from my daughter. NOT! lol
In #wisn12 morning meeting talking story ideas..1 thought is gas prices dropping. What have you paid lately?
Ask Style: How to Stand Out Minus the Sequins? I 'm starting to think of what I want to wear to the holiday parties, but I 'm so not a se
Serious house cleaning binge. I'm feeling very accomplished!
Lol I vibe to that #TooMuch RT“: I ain't think nobody was gone get it RT : Welcome the mind of a maniac
Happy MILF day!
Damn I'm going hard in the studio
Mad flooding on meridian -- avoid the r hand lanes and careful at intersections!!
you can't just delete FB
I have no lunch date today..blaming and oh what the heck my gf
hey guess what(:
Really want the Grizzlies to win it all now.
Thats a great photo!
thank you so much!
I always enjoy ur tweets! They keep me informed. Wish I had more time spend on Twitter. Thx for the
it's friday so why wouldn't friday come on
Pencils down. Glasses raised.
Plotting the miserable demise of my favorite characters. Somehow, so sickly satisfying.
Sucks to see Tebow go after that magical run we had, but Peyton Manning's not a bad consolation prize :)
where are you these days?
I cant because you do not follow me yet
#Moore, Practical Demon-Keeping. Entertaining popcorn urban fantasy of a demon in Southern Cal. Can't quite believe my book club picked it.
hahah thanks sweet girl! Totally found it in my moms old clothes! Rockin the retro (;
Dinner with friends, breakfast with ex. Gym before 7a.m. Life sure looks different on the other side of sober.
I've almost said it to my students ... It IS a Smith thing (& you need that certain Smithie-type overachiever angst to work it)
We're tech-based, so our locations have projectors. Not sure it'd work as well without a large screen.
your great love your tweets :) they make me smile
Digital Dead End TODAY at 4:30. See you there!
Really wish I would have gotten tickets to the #BrewersSMIS event! Would have been a fun and informing experience.
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
was good nigggaaahhh
Just go fuck yourself.
Almost time for summer bocce in fed hill and hampden sign ups are over tomorrow
It doesn't, but I also know there is some1 there looking for a roommate if u wanna go cheap...
You are awesome! Thank you so much for all of your service to You made a difference!
Dude...this Vikings drama is bullshit.
dropped tub of shimmering eyeshadow in the car, I'm now covered in a gold shimmery glow emanating from my crotch...
The single greatest World Series game I have ever seen in my life..
Hey, you! and I have been looking for you. You've been MIA LOL We never got to do our #rawsaimin #tweetup! :-|
I concur!!! Big night tonight!! RT : 4 more hours folks -- GO #FLYERS!
Big window cleaning day tomorrow. Should be lots of fun.
Done early. Will pay for it tomorrow as class starts at 730. Also, that's when I find out if I lived or died in the plane crash.
Very likely a bit of both. :)
This is not any of our businesses. You can find out how to contact them and tell it to them. Not us.
#musesocial Not having enough time is probably the top reason given for CEO's not using SM.
"It is never too late to be what you might have been" - George Eliot (writer)
#MyNFLRuleWouldBe to make overtime an extra quarter! Oh and let people celebrate in the end zone, it's entertaining!!
we're not big #FF guys but here's one for Cuz we're big fans!
first tweet in three days
We all made it to 2012! Well that's something. Lets see what this new year brings us. I hope its good. I really do hope its good.
Ugh. Double ugh.
The Next To You version with ONLY Chris Brown is so much better <333
I like getting ready in my madre's bathroom. Better lighting! ^_^
I let the swag do the talking I don't say too much
I'm Derrick, went to CSUN, drive a Camaro, but rode a skateboard… I do have a bike in my avi though.
mosquitoes buzz-buzz / the sun sinks below the clouds / I spot a firefly
We're live-tweeting the #SOTU under the tag #InvestInKids - and the Cabinet enters!
Good Morning! In order to be effective truth must penetrate like an arrow--and that is likely to hurt. -Wei Wu Wei Enjoy your day!
Recovering from failure is often easier than building from success.
Minnesota fishing opener now less likely to be moved up a week as MN Senate doesn't have the votes. live on KSTP-TV at 6pm.
To be honest your not that cute.
attempting to meet with natasha(:
its a great place. We might have the opportunity to film from a boat. Should be interesting!!
#hhlib in poll of attendees, over past 6 months 2/3 have had a patron/user ask about ebooks because they've just acquired an ereader device
I should do my homework but it doesn't make sense. So I don't feel like doing it. Its due by midnight & I haven't started. I'll do it later.
lol these bitches dont even know my name !!!!!! thats the crazy part . ctfu .
Yes, exactly! :)
yes I am
i made it onto the SAKs shortlist :D
listen to your son he knows what he is talking about.. Smart young man...
not all gov docs are PURLed. over 1400 servers hosting gov docs. can't expect stats from 1400 sites
Oh, reminder - Market starts Wed, June 6th. I play the opener, 11:45 - 1:45.
Make sure to stop tonight at #thepressroom we'll be performing at 11pm
New words I've learned from listening to Tommy Missus: shot chugging and brew pounding. Or maybe I heard that wrong....
People we are thankful for: the musical genius/theme composer
I hear ya pimpin-pour a 4 for me too kinfolk!
You're most welcome! Anything for you guys!
So mi dad doesn't say burp he say belch hahah its so funny though
studyhall > an hour and a half of wasted time
Word I'd like to see retired for the rest of the year: "journey."
Ya'll, 's mom reminds me of my Southern mama, down to the hair color and age. Hooray for kindred spirits!
the best one i've contacted to is "I still data"
was 88 Eric Lindros was my hero
Wore FIFA shirt 2 cafe this am, 30min w/ old Italian man discussing defense. Then he confided his wife passed away Tues
Ghouse bleeds Okc not chains... Ha! But no liq
yeah I'm seeing them!
AJ Hawk cut by the Packers. Finally he can fulfill his destiny and win the custody of his estranged son through arm wrestling
Thanks to a couple of drunk dudes @ wrk singing to me, the song "feel like making love" will never be the same...
Any friends out there use mobile credit card readers? We're in need! Which ones are best??
i hate when people right "..." with ",,," hahaha
Good Morning..!
oh really you play guitar?
yep! It's all our fault. Before we started this account, APD's reputation was sparkling. Lol
RT : I don't see how people can break up and move on to a different person, while I go right back to the same person.
i want to meet new people.
check out is just getting started so over time more and more courses will be added. Book your tee time through this and more !
I look like my mom<U+0001F612>
awww why you got to be so darn sweet. MAD love and respect.
hey how'd your benefit go last week?
Really Jose Reyes? Really? You didn't see Ted Williams sitting the last game of the year out to ensure his .400 AVG. Braun will rise up!
so who's invited??!!
#confession I'm probably one of the craziest people you'll ever meet.
RT : I hope wins that emmy. She makes #sytycd so much fun
RT : RT Tennessee State Library&Archives acquires CivilWar dispatches from 16th U.S. Colored Infantry bit.ly/pNfB4k
Hey st dept, (20th and va ave nw). Come shuttle some pollo Jamaica into your mouth strapped to the back of a fresh corn tortilla.
we'll be there. looking forward to see you. interiors from spain, booth 1024. and check our magazine www.fromspainmagazine.com
Breaking News in progress...RT : Quarantined plane is Delta Flight 3163 from Detroit, landed at Midway at 3:45 p.m.
thanks darling not feelin it right now :(
holy shit crashed into a fucking iceberg who would have guessed i thought it was unsinkable
Bout to take my booty home oh yeah overtime pays off great
Thinks that 's baby bump is soo adorable!
<3 thank you!
hey I'm doing ok. How bout u? I feel like I'm not really obsessed with lee anymore :( I just don't want to forget him!
Congrats on passing the Dutchie Steve ;-)
I've seen transformers a bunch of times but I wouldn't mind watching it again with hosting it <3
let's just say they try to fix me up daily, lol
you just keep it together young lady.lol
Catching amtrak to DC, claiming a seat on the quiet car, hunkering down to finish 2666
I Learned That People Change, Nd Often They Become The Person They Said They Would Never Be. **Generally Speaking**
Off to coco pazzo to vote for Ms. Rockman.
keep me and in the loop por favor :)
#ReasonsToLoveTexas = Janie's Record Shop in San Antonio. Great selection! If the recording still exists, she can help you find it.
and early dismissal tomorrow:)!!!
50% off at Marni. You don't even need to love Marni. You just need to like it okay. Or not hate it. I'm just sain.
Thanks for the link!
RT: if you #BELIEVE in yourself...
String overloading is the work of the devil.
So I hear niggas was shakin that ass to 'Cake' in the club this wknd O.O
let me know what happens with the job leads! good luck. :)
I hope I did good on that test.
darius miller visiting four schools in Clark county today. with him now at strode station
i will buy myself an ipod touch this summer, i want a pretty white one :)
“: That Brooklyn Nets logo is plain as hell.” haha your so right though
Beautifully put!
Michele Besant suggest we ask ourselves questions about our motivations in our work.
That is great! Looks like Vance wants to smash your phone!
Bluegrass for the rest of the night.
I don't think I will ever underestimate the very human need for love and acceptance.
I think Shelby and Alex make the best couple. c:
You make me feel all tingly inside<3
welcome to twitter baby!
at the disc replay place? lol
Taking a deep breath and having some lunch. Thanks for reminding me about QOL, !
Congrats Rick Hendrick on 200 wins!
From bully boys to wimps: the decline of SA&#39;s military
Restaurant Week Now thru September 3rd. Come feast on Kat Smith's amazing dishes!
lol bro I ain't been so mad in my life
I listened to the Tracy Morgan thing. It was good. Still don't like Terry Gross. Just don't think she's a great interviewer.
i love late night showers.(:
Looking at a picture of a guy on the internet and thinking his penis veins are probably knotted like friendship bracelets.
The second season of Shameless thus far just doesn't have the same story gripping feel as the first season. It's early still.
Don't worry, your mock bravado & constant assertion of your heterosexuality definitely won't make me think you like guys. Grow the hell up.
- Yoshi was a dinosaur not a lizard! geeeeeze #comeon :)
I knew you would say that lil
Franciscan ROAD Clinic team is looking forward to seeing everyone 9 a.m. tomorrow at Marine Park for the 2012 Tacoma Arthritis Walk!
"So do you have a name" :No my parents decided not to give me one. they call me girl :D"
What's wrong wit spike lee lol his outfits look like they out of andre3k closet
We be awkwards. <U+0001F609>
Thanks for the RT. Will you be attending this #cnndialogues?
The self-checkouts would confuse and frighten all the senior citizens, that's why.
lmaooo !! o thats what i like to hear ;-)
No problem! They're good friends of mine and make insanely cute stuff. I just wish I lived on the East Coast and could go to cons
I cannot heart this hard enough. "Kill the thing that's holding you back" -
i'm starting to dislike you more and more
Just finished cleaning up the trash in my neighborhood....I feel really good about myself now :)
I would like to eat you to
Now that I finally won a couple games against , I'm retiring from ping pong, going out on top!
Can't wait for today to be over! All Yankees, all weekend! Kissimmee & Miami...can't wait! Monday off to recoup :)
I hope Eric Young ends Crimson's undefeated streak. Honestly, I will mark out if it happens.
So co co co cooollddddddd! Pressure wash top deck, bottom deck and patio, check!
when do you sleep? it seems like you tweet all day everyday
The Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Association has endorsed for mayor.
really? do u have that video link?
HARO queries? Never used HARO before!
apparently I have been everywhere except for where you are! I will catch you!
If an African American business with a quality product can't make it downtown, where is the hope for tomorrow's entrepreneurs?
My first college radio show was devoted entirely to shoegaze/dreampop/soft fuzzy noise. Could talk abt it all day.
Baseball is the most boring sport....... Ever. #isitfootballseasonyet?
Lets Go Pacers.
It Took Me All Day To Find Some Inspiration !!
how far away are you from your partner?
Twitter > > Tumblr > MySpace > Facebook.
RT if you know !!
lol, they been on me all damn day!
sometimes I'm afraid I'll lose it, throw the country A-K rack out on the street, go work a tower records and never look back.
Old dude behind me constantly cursing, talking about losing $, and Florida...
Obama is at the kentucky/miss basketball game....and a baby was thrown at him. "Please kiss my baby on the forehead!"
Looking for some good new music. Any suggestions?
This film looks interesting. As a film critic, this looks to be an intriguing, thoughtful, original film. Can't wait to see it!
I need to read this blog post
Nanas up on that iPhone negros....
I'm in Eugene! How long are you there for?
of Breed, Fasmode Alumni is teaching the Fasmode workshop in SFV area 8pm!
Japan will be entirely without nuclear power in May after Hokkaido reactor shutdown for maintenance. Proof it is possible!
I noticed all season long Finley was having issues with A-Rod passes this was not the 1st game I saw it.
same as you! Sophomore! 2014 baby~
Another day another dollar<U+0001F44A>
Thanks for sharing hot lead about Gimme Bar, Looks to be pretty rad.
Back in the U.S. after sifting through the ashes of the UK flat, I realize that possessions are nonessential. It's people who matter most
'Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition - they somehow already know what you truly want to become.'- Steve Jobs
There is nothing more important to me than the health and the welfare and the happiness, of the people of #NewYorkCity. [1943]
it's funny that peeps that preach acceptance get the most offended at differing points of view. Go get it player
they all have an amazing talent<3
39Chocolate Fountains For Scrumptious Chocolate Fondue- chocolate fountain
Flying to San Diego - can't wait to read from PERLA at #Warwicks tonight, 7812 Girard Avenue, La Jolla, 7:30 pm
Remember back when Steve Francis, Jermaine O'Neal and Baron Davis were all-stars?
The fight between Texas Lawmakers and Planned Parenthood continues. Find out tonight at 9 how this affects you.
Is that a sarcastic laugh?
The Silk Tie likes Tim! Put a Tie in front, thesilktie.com
Web TV is coming and it is time to jump on board with these 2 great pioneers
it would probably be the GRANDest monday ever if you RTd me :] xx
RT - I know when my Cleveland Indians get back to the World Series and have a chance to close it out I WILL be there to...
Instead of wearing my sperrys I have to wear bball shoes today
I bet everyone is having an epileptic seizure right now
Sometimes I get REALLY tired of unpacking and packing. #leavingagaintomorrow :(
Thank you very much !!!
Are you looking for a way to promote your business? How about a commercial, web video, or be in our promotional video. Call us 856-423-9233
I think Huntsman uses the same paint shop as Boehner.
I need a hug.
who is surprised hotel wifi is slowing? [meanwhile nothing on tv so I'll return to watching Netflix at my hotel]
ahaha this is exactly one of those times !(x
Miami-Dade County Arts Budget Restored to 100%!!! Congratulations to all!
#3WordsForYou live learn love.
#BestSupportingActor goes to...
Im so good at being sarcastic , i love me(;
v on stage at #Ted - hope they post this too!
completely agree. The 2 clips after the credits were great!!
Thanks for the RT - Jay's work is excellent! I love to share it.
If you have great "Content" they will come, and if you don't, they won't.
Did you feel the heat? RT That's the best explosion in the history of television.
Looks like our twitter page was hacked! I apologize to anyone who received strange messages which looked like they were from us!
and said they had concerns with Tax Holiday bill. SB1069 is on to Approps.
New York Giants 14 Washington Redskins 21 End Of 3rd #giants #redskins #nfl (Via )
fortunately the new Julie Otsuka novel wasn't to their taste.
TRS is delighted to welcome new client Faegre Baker Daniels LLP!
have a good broadcast and call a win for us!!!
bye bye phone
My funniest stuff doesn't get tweeted and is often unsaid. I'm just not that brave. But in my head, folks, I'm one funny chick.
I think you mean:
Thanks Dr.Pat
Prom with my girlfriend <U+2764><U+2764>
lol, its okay gurl sometimes i just wanna PUNCH HER IN THE FACE im not a fan of her never have been never will sorry
Daddy got lex the DEADEST flowers
Dont be scared. Please younask you to share‹3 please nothing dirty!wanna keep it pg
Save the date: Nintendo's E3 presser is Tuesday, June 5th at 9am (it should be broadcast live from Nokia Theater)
Tyler don't role like that he is too homo
#SOPA crashes House and Senate websites... awesome
: GM Mr. C! U my friend is oh so AWESOME:) Peace &
Spring where are you?
I got pulled over by the cops this weekend and my hoodie didn't help .. SMH
thanks very much for the mention. Greatly appreciated. Just subscribed to your Wine Daily. Cheers!
Hey Today is Monday. That means #muffalettamondays is in full effect
We are certainly dedicated to children! Do you use digital technology in your classrooms?
because your so hansome.. and everyone loves you...you our hero.
The new Final Cut Pro X looks very interesting.. Have to buy soon!
Toast, coffee, vitamins, twitter for breakfast. Such a balanced diet. At least twitter has no calories, LOL.
Your lucky they didnt find it on you
Of course, my man!
Lol did those guys really have you delete the picture?
all time low TOMORROW #makesmesmile :)
Closing in on midnight pacific time, feels like three, slept five hours last night, and I'm not in Hawaii
we know that...BUT I'm not going2repeat myself. We can agree to disagree.
Hello Lets just start with #SHOCKED @ a Bill for $207$ for 13 days of Service.. PLUS Cancellation fees, Activation fees.. DISGUSTING
if I could like your tweet I would, but I can't because twitter doesn't do that
Viendo #MTV Music ;)
"salutes to everybody that's finding cures for DISEASES!!!"
um. Matthew Caws just tweeted at me. Starting the day off strong.
Dark chocolate with sea salt, red wine, and manipulating copper...now that's a quality Wednesday night!
oh fa sho an you do the same mami
Maybe yinz are right. I'll just have a sammich and watch the news.
mom's day : woow what a perfect day with my family, we took more than 100 pics in just one day :$
high's and lows... never sip that wack juice...
nice meeting you bro at the Indy session man
Making Italian beef. Seems cozy and right for a cold night like this.
A cat's jaw cannot move sideways.
true that I forgot twitter was alive
we'll take it anyway to get on base! strange hit for Gonze you're right.
do a book signing in Chicago!
good stuff from Loew, Lahm, and Bierhoff re: human rights in Ukraine. We work on combating hate crime there.
#WeWontWork If you can't make me laugh
No Newt is good Newt? Not here yet. Lots of Palm Beachers.
IN Quotes: "Tell the truth faster; it's the most efficient way to move forward."
Your kitchen is the heart of your home. We can help keep your home's heart pumping for many years to come! www.cabinetconnect.net
YUM. The kimchi fried rice at the end is AWESOME.
A 2011 psych study stated that 6-year-olds have trouble changing their biases when faced with conflicting emotional cues.
RT : David Domenici #nsvfsummit: Don't expel or suspend kids for violence that doesn't hurt others.
How long are you out for Mats? Hope you get back soon from another Norwegian-Italian (NYC/Halden/Sortland) Rangers need you!
I feel an infomercial coming along. But, you will need a semi-washed-up celebrity spokesperson, and free shipping for $19.99
I figure 140 characters is about 130 too many for much of what I've read so far! <duck!>
official Project after party Tues Feb 14th you better bring the whole crew its going to be AMAZING
So I'm working on my revisions and feeling pretty good about 'em and then drops this bomb: "I finished two books today." #!!!!
but it's so true!
HEY. 25 is NOT old. (says the 25 year old.)
Welcome back to ! Hope everyone had a fun and exiting spring break!
Random people talking to me... MERP
straight mans expectations. lets be real.
Not as bad as I thought, but it will still haunt my dreams.
Pray for muamba
Only BLACK people put the kool-aid pitcher back in the refrigerator EMPTY!
she can stay at my house.. I'll clean the dog cages just for her company. <U+0001F60F>
On average a persons hair stops growing at 3 ft 91 cm
Gym tonight .. Umm yes sir
Watching the best Christmas movie of all time
Thank you!! I'm sure I'll be texting you along the way :)
"Why Kate, you're not wearing a bustle....how lewd".
Which credential? Judy Hale explained, "It is about what you want to do. ISPI's is both proficiency & competency-based." Judy Hale.
If you milk it, he will cum.
Back hurts. :/
We must look for ways to be an active force in our own lives. -Les Brown
PDF to Word conversions; spreadsheet editing and formatting; editing and animation of slide presentations.
New at TLV – Wine Tasting every day! 5-7pm. Three wines, $5 dollars, no rsvp – stop by to find a new favorite. Today: Wednesday Whites!
having the best day!!
Coming Monday deets on a MASSIVE Mother's Day Gift to win for your mom, but you should still get her a card, Moms LOVE THAT MUSHY STUFF!
man da fuckin saints is trippin rite now. they goin to get rite tho watch
I'll be there. It's my first race!
oh shit, puddle of mudd? MAYBE IM THE ONE, schizophrenic psycho yeuhhhhhh
Freed from pneumonia quarantine, going to dinner with my bff and her hubby. Best part of any week.
Thanks for the well wishes!
oh dear
Cross the street when ever they feel like it without looking
Season 4 of the Wire was my favorite.
thats the last time i buy plane tickets when im at work doing 50 other things at the same time. thanks for saving my butt travelocity.
What would you like to see happen next in ?
Good morning everyone no snow!
yeah lol.. i mean ...idk how else to rephrase my own words.
#xfactor josh you will take it. Props to chris rene & melanie.
Writing on #masculinity within social systems.
& why the fuck is Marvins Room on everytime I turn on the radio lol
these cigarette commercials gettin serious........
I've concluded it's context. Pics of beautiful women on Pinterest do really well if from a "Woman's brand"! Yes?
I agree RT : Q1) need to get comfortable with "getting better" rather than perfect
Who's gonna go with me, when I go play ball overseas ?
at mesa community college. Hard work setting up for special Olympics. first event starts in 2 hours
Inbox zero achieved (again). At least until those 200 people reply.
The power of unplugging the x-box on a teenager until further notice or compliance with household rules cannot be underestimated. :)
so tired. not even gonna try and sleep though.
Happy Mother's Day to brand new, first time mommies & <3
"A bad attitude is like a flat tire. If you don't change it, you'll never go anywhere."
At #NSTA12? Check out some of the 18 sessions presented by our Fellows! Also, stop by Booth #1832 to say hi!
I just told this bucket drummer that his drumming PAILS next to another guy's in Brooklyn. He didn't get it. Do YOU get puns?
I'd take some Liquid Luck..... :)
"I have to go back to BFM to get my bank card." "Hey, I think I left my dignity there, can you look around for it while you are there?"
yeah well im at barnone with a gin n tonic so take that!
Best of the LA Times Book Fest: New California and Old, and Bruce, too! - OC Weekly (blog)
Don't let loneliness, drives you back into the arms of someone you know doesn't give a damn about you.
will you sthu!
how cute you are c;
She give it all to her Daddy but she Don't Know Her Father
Where were you when my walls came falling down?
get any fun stuff yesterday?
The pressure is high in City Hall as everybody hones their final pitches for T-minus 20 minutes!
seattle was part of , please try to add a date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 8
Forgive your enemies...but REMEMBER THEIR NAMES! (one of the many funny senior quotes)
I'll be there! :) (Have I mentioned I love the aquarium?)
Free at the corner of Van Buren & State! Get it while the gettin's good!
are you playing at Rafertys this weekend or something!?
We didn't inherit the land from our fathers
Just woke up from a nap
I voted republican in the primary election, btw. I'm pretty sure that's the only time THAT will ever happen.
#killyoself lol RT : I wonder how much $$$$$$ we about to blow on liquor thoooooo smh I got 7 bucks on whatever lmao.
I know i could've talked to you....i just chose not too
Happy 16th Birthday Make it the best. Y.O.L.O.
Interesting fact: opens an average of 1 shelter a month to house people displaced by
1 inch hail reported 6 miles east of Dawson.
#fuuucckkkkkkkk its cool. i mean it was only a present from my dad..i guess i'll break the news to him tonight
It pretty much sucks when every single traffic signal in the city is conspiring against you.
Right on “: Astonishing performance by Doc Emrick. Nearly 5 hours into 3 OT game he doesn't sound ragged at all. What a job!”
oh yea ok
Coming up blonde day continues with Victoria Silvstedt from E Entertainment's My Perfect Life & Tori Spelling and her new book Mommywood
Hope mama sanders has a great birthday!!!
i was out by around midnight. why are you working so hard?! there can't be THAT much news in Mansfield! :)
Hey :D How are you? c:
In exactly one week I will be done with my sophomore year of college & be on my way back to spend the summer with :)
Um, that weaponized caffeine sounds *intense*. I am intrigued...
All money isn't good money.
Arab spring...is in need of our attention again. 300+ Egyptian protesters have been jailed for speaking out against the military government.
Chris Hansen popped out of nowhere!
RT : The natural gas industry commercials Talking about how safe shale Is feels Like a parody commercial from Robocop.
Moroney: who, what, when, & where of event reporting are commodities; so publishers can't differentiate & it has little value.
walt keeps getting parking tickets for not moving his truck.
Oracle and Java were no match for Android, Google says
when your parents friends bug you about boyfriends... no; i dont have one and never have. so stop...
Ugh FML it wont let me delete that picture whatever #YOLO :p
mess me on xbl my tag: BEATDOWN STREAM
Its annoying how you don't care...
. Bad writers.
I'm as old as Jesus now :)
Finally Friday. Thank God
any word on lifting the suspension? I sent my ticket 2 days ago.
It's getting hot on my shoulders....
advisory with and. . (;
Does anyone know if any OOP movies are on Amazon instant view?
A great Kentucky Council on Archives mtg today in Louisville today
RT : So excited about in Green Bay this summer! Ready to pump up DH curricula!
I heard you took an IQ test and they said you re results were negative.
Everything in life worth achieving is hard.
Well...Today is going to be rough.
Saturday detention and Grease rehearsals today.
Realizing the hard way how difficult "Love on a farmboys wages" can be...
ha RT mznellynelle_ after watching worldstar hip hop...i also need a fitness ball *walks away and w1k4pS
Oh lord, people these days.
Going to bed right now, feel like death :(
walk into my house and see fat albert on tv
dumb assess
I thought you saved the trash-talk for the postseason..
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful women in my life! May today bring great joy to each of you!
Duke was down by 10 points with less than 2 minutes left and came back to win over UNC at UNC. Proof you should never give up. Never.
what genre for the beat
Getting ready to co-facilitate a session on how meaningful or meaningless homework has become. Is #PBL a solution?
followed & thanks! :)
Fact. MT A3. Pres. is an emotional subject so rewards are emotional. It is not a subject that pays mega ££ (or $)
follow back?! <U+263A>
It's a beautiful day in the District of Columbia today. If you haven't, get out and vote!!
Just did a little victory dance. Got quite a few stares and weird looks but I don't even care!
Be the ball!
lol I've always been a fan of Tebow, great work ethic
I just read a tweet that said RIP Osama Bin Laden. I'm not convinced this person knows what R.I.P. stands for.
Hello, On one of our client's places page we need to fix their phone # ASAP, & we don't have the page claimed. Can you help us?
My nose even hurts
My whole band stopped rehearsal to watch you! You were amazing and we are SO PROUD! You NAILED that song!!!
“People seldom do what they believe in. They do what is convenient, then repent.” <U+2015> Bob Dylan
My junior prom theme was "Dancing in the Moonlight." I feel ripped off.
Hiring a genealogist to trace your family timeline, can result in having great stories to share at your
At least I know I'm playing good, trusting my reads, and still confident.
I work 4-midnight. I think it's ridiculous working till midnight....there's no need for it, I just talk and waste time!
HAPPY SOCIAL MEDIA DAY! Celebrate with us tonight 5PM!!!
Best part of teaching is telling kids to be quiet & fill in their bubbles. Am I right or am I right?!
didn't he die in 97???
Nikita seems to be doing better this morning! I layed with her all night, maybe that helped :) So relieved my baby is back!!!
No Rest. Headed to the StudiO. [goin in.] 24 hours away from the LAUNCH...
Our offense is capitalizing but we're still making mistakes on defense. Missed rotations and not hustling. We need to pick it up
I have it on good authority, they are renaming the product Radian7, to stay one step ahead of the competition
I never realized how racist this movie was..lol
we plan to be at this year ! Everyone go follow them, and show love !
Last night....#Glee, #TheVoice, and bits and pieces of
#procrastinating is one of my biggest weaknesses :/
Airport advice for those of you who don't fly much: Dont stand 2” behind me in line and get upset when I turn around and bump you. Welcome.
anyways. going back over to lattterrrr.
I wish the band Gotye & their song Somebody That I Used to Know was actually Somebody That I Used to Know enough of that fuckin song already
What kind of people write, "Horrible" or "work overpriced" in an #art exhib guest log? Like art or not, OK, but this behavior disgusts me.
Trying to get some more overtime in this week. Yay time & a half!
no im not mean, no im not stucked up.... I just dont talk much...
Anyone want to text? 8327152373
hi guys i'm doing a webshow! - lauren
Hooray for , & ! Congrats on getting through your #21slides in 5 minutes & getting us to think (& laugh).
No one ever says slacks anymore.
The new hot dog stuffed crust pizza at Pizza Hut should be the clinching argument for the unconstitutionality of universal healthcare
great morning to u
Ah tomorrow is Monday. Not sure how I feel about that ..
Eating good food and celebrating with and more
How's the training and diet brother? Arms with Neil Hill and Kris Gethin other day. 700 reps, gym 110 degree inside...lol
i'm realizing why voldemort wanted to live forever. but i think my goals are better achieved over multiple lifetimes, so don't worry.
#Packers need a stud RB they haven't had a great RB since Ahman Green.And a couple of CB its time to upgrade Bush and Lee.
I like the way they suck you in! 1 for Heather 0 for Ant! haha
I teared up a little when Ted thought to himself, "I miss you." Tragic.
Are you serious...? PBR has a twitter page? What do they tweet...beer burps and white socks?
should have started home like I started to do. ready to go home & get in the bed. defly sleeping in 2ma.
Tell stories by MAGIC: Motivate your Audience with Goals, being Interactive and provide Content
David Ferriero, National Archivist, wants EVERY PIECE of the archive -billions - digitzed #dpla If it is not online, it doesn't exist.
Feels good to have a face... next thing on the To Do List is get my website up so I can show you tweeps my skills!
I think that is the greatest tradition. Oh how I would have loved to have grown up in Green Bay!
Bitches Be On My Wood Don't Catch Splinters Hoe
alright cool and u know when ur leavin
You're so 2011...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!
Giant &#39;Godzillus&#39; Fossil Puzzles Geology Experts in the US
Cherry, you were working it out! Love watching you jam to Tribal Energy Cardio~Have an awesome week.
Just wondering, what web backend languages do you use/like? Are you a Rails guy?
: It's ez to talk trash all the way in OK. You won't shout those comments in KY.
"Im No Role Model, Don't Idolize Me Idolize Jesus"
Have you checked the for spring items - we love the bright colors!
In a mtg - someone just used the phrase "elders of our tribe"
So so so much. x.x;; But it's all good. I got to see the twins and male vocalist from Cruxshadows and the Ghost Hunter guys.
God forgive us for all our sins, God forgive us for everything #Don'tGo
Was just thinking, wouldn't that be great if there was a NyQuil for the daytime? Probably shouldn't be at work.
These chips are made by who!!!!?...
New goods coming tomorrow!!
Real coconut chunks in my mocha? No thanks, Starbucks. I don't want to chew my coffee!
roots? Sounds lime a roadtrip is in order!
In my callback, the director called me " a nut" well I guess at least he will remember me:)
what's the rule about tipping if you're just doing takeout at a restaurant?
thanks a ton! i'm sure you remember the apprehension to take it & the excitement about getting it behind you.
Gwyneth Paltrow turns 39 today. I liked her in Shallow Hal.
How you start World War 3 all the way in Carajoland #sad ;)
Come on Miami. Do it for daddy.
Never Say You Can't Do It Until You Try It. ***Itz Time To Take Affirmative Action***
Just swung by 's office to see my mancandy. He wasn't there......Paul, I'm at Java. Come see me!
Thank you so much! RT : I'm really enjoy your songs! love you.
if you can't get a photo of this, at least procure an artist's rendering for us. My eyes must see this.
Try reading proverbs every morning with your spouse. My marriage has transformed to greatness. Today read Proverbs 4
Glee time!
you guys are awesome. I don't say it enough, bit THANK YOU both for all you have done for me and
I did what? Lol
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 51
VW Fat Dog ad funny too.
Great Article!! TopTierLegalGroup.com - the only trusted source for finding the best attorneys in the area!
We have to be calm! That other team from down the highway wont stop til its over.
hahahah nice typo...
do we have an error count for Andy and Pico?
Straight edge guys have problems...it has to go somewhere
And sometimes, when you are very lucky, you just choose the best wheat bread the market can offer.
Opening day at Petco Park...Go Padres!
cheer camp was amazing.
Palin is so dumb she cant even answer Hannitys softball questions correctly
I am watching the BBC show Teachers and it is making me think my job is like being a supermodel...lol total morale booster
A Mexican jockey wins Kentucky Derby on Cinco De Mayo...That works!!!
Ooh, what do Fiona's new songs sound like?
If You Gonna Be Rappin On Twitter, At Least Have The Mouth To Say It FACE TO FACE When U Get Confronted -______-
We just haven't done it yet
i <3 haters
hahahahahaha are you serious!?
RT : A Romney-Fortuño ticket would be pretty strong.
Almost made it to 1/2 a game. One of these days
props to you.
well u fucked up
Exactly the question I'm curious about. Plus it bleeds off some of the "SRS BZNS"; important given the topic of Games & Academia.
haha its a notebook, pretty handy for laying out designs/concepts. Thanks!
no, youd just stan there and not know what to do
Have a great Halloween weekend! Happy Halloween!!!!!!
Choosing to lead in extraordinary times: Robin Muldor, Free Library of Philadelphia, Kensington Branch is doing amazing work!
You didn't call me last night.
whoop whoop!! Free snowcone~ Thanks for being a regular :) see you tomorrow & Friday :P
Writing policies for crime and terrorist watch program
lol! She sleeps pretty well surprisingly for 11 days old. It's mommy/daddy/yaya who mess up her schedule.
was ever an option?
Been laying down all day and ain't planing on go no where today! :-D
- same to you :) Thanks! Tammie
Just received some spam promising me big savings on a forklift. I wonder if I can use this as a bargaining chip with my usual forklift guy..
wow! Had no idea it went back that far, although it has an anachronistic ring to it. Thanks! Great title.
Checking out and play some lax in Madison.
Less than 10 days away from One Night Only on Friday, May 4, 2012! Are you ready?! We are! ^.^
Following irrelevant bitches on my feed. Lol bye.
They are charging a hefty fee to partake in Red Arrow Park...not sure about participation...
“ oh dan did we miss that :-( where the party at???” LOL Dont worry we're gonna redo it #OCHOdemayo LOL
hey twin, ur not following me back on instagram. Do u not use it much?~
": money is my hobby. in my spare time I count cash....my sleep signs are.$$$$$$$$$$$$" lmao finally famous in stores now coach
#youknowyouworktomuchwhen you can hear the drive thru and fryer beeps in your head!
Anyone else wish that their art was their only job and that they could wake up to nature instead of the alarm clock?
do they use chewing gum at least?
lol no bro the one that you liked but kept ignoring
Edcafes include food, right?
I have it and love it too <3
I'd say AP, J Charles, McFadden, McCoy, Sproles (McCoy and him similar) that catch rating and agility is out of control!
Mauer catches some "Yo-flu"? For $20M you'd think he'd play nearly everyday, what about 3B? we saw Cuddyer last pm surely he'd b better
is 'celebrating' developer community more than skin deep? I hope so!
well, now that you mention it…
is napa valley kinda like hunt valley?
I know. I know. That's how we drink it in Belgium. Its called a Belgium Dip.
Today has been a memorable day that'll probably never forget. Thank-you
I love how whenever parents say somethinq they end up beinq wronq and the kid ends up beinq riqht
Thanks for the RT Brad!
I can totally agree with that
idk I've been at 's Chili Bowl all day with
Maurice Sendak molded the imagination of my childhood #In the Night Kitchen
Ok, thanks! So excited for it!!
I keep waking up hungover even though I haven't touch a single drop since saturday. I'm doing pretty well.
why are you going to bed so early !? it's only 9:16!
Just learned Giuliana's delicious crust recipe. She is turning me into a homemade pizza master! Call us and we'll make a pizza JUST FOR YOU!
o awesome! Did you guys win?
Am loving this black folks talking about black folks
Two juicy, high-level .NET Development positions up in my sleeves! Great companies & good compensation packages!
Hi! We <3 but we are a ! :) How long do you think you'll be with us?
We are looking for a new Dance Group of the Week- any thoughts?
U forgot one thing your also gay!
You know you're taken too long of a break from homework when your tea is now ice cold...
thanks, though
it is brah!it is!not to bad! hope everything is well with you cuz!always praying for ya!
Blasting and checking out some of rocker-fashion's best lookbooks for the spring. Happy Monday, dolls!
Happy Pilot season all... :)
man everything in order. jus bad timing
I think is like.. Mad at me :( I haven't got a reply on my last 3 tweets to him. <|3
Diaries of a Traveling Landman....walking out of the courthouse to 5 tv cameras!! Hello! Smile!
Well said and so true! I'm grateful and still need their help but I'll make sure they know my intention in rewriting it.
Rest in paradise Grandma, I love you so much
Well, it is decided that I will be failing my geometry SOL tomorrow. There is no doubt about it in my mind.
Alana! Thanks for the follow. Beautiful work in your portfolio!
v. nice.
Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome
Pilar, thank you for the retweet, amazing report, Mark
Now I remember why I love baseball: the color commentary from the fans in the stands.
Just got home from a #Cubs #Sox showdown that was supposed to be for city bragging rights, but ended up feeling more like spring training.
Your book is wild and funny. Anytime you're in Portland, OR, we'll TV interview you, great job wild woman!
Thanks for following People For The American Way Wisconsin!
Why doesn't the Brown Line connect with the Blue at Montrose? We feel so isolated from you, #Westside :(
no clue if I can my mom wont do anything about it.
Just finished my #MBTI training. Great training seminar and feel ready to career counsel and professionally advise #CCT students and alumni
Enjoy The Summer :p !!!!
Damien Hirst: Painting is so poetic,while sculpture is more logical and scientific and makes you worry about gravity :www.itsartnotstuff.com
Awww. We'll have to set up a visit.
A day of GREAt news! 1 friend in Florida, FAR, FAR, FAR, from God...SAVED!!!!! 1 friend in Chicago, free of cancer!!!!!
i'm doing it. sending in the contract today and getting married 10 months from today!!! so excited!
Thank you as well! We look forward to tweeting with you.
Deuces, anchorage!
I hope Randy Orton vs. Chris Jericho doesn't happen, as that has "pay-per-view main event" written all over it.
wtf no way... Shot someone lmaf ha
I miss her so much :'(
I just got out of bed to feed my cat because she was criticizing my facilities management.
Remind Me Who I am! Great reminder that we are God's Beloved. So glad I breathed the name of God Today!
399 consecutive games
Yes...I got it! Did you get this?
To prevent future issues like it, yeah, it does need to be seen.
when do U go? My mouth is so numb I can't talk. Thnk god for 1st rate anesthetic. I rly don't want 2 go back 2 get the rest done.
and I have to be up by then! :S aaaaahhhhh! I'd try to sleep now but that won't work
The movie will never be as good as the book because Hollywood will ALWAYS sacrifice story for profit.
K- Dog is fantastic!! He had his Kieran to cuddle with.
I like your tweets and messages. Please follow me back.
Have you uploaded our newest version? We were experiencing some upload bugs, but they're all fixed now. Give it a shot.
fly to Ft Lauderdale...usually way cheaper and only 10 more min to downtown
I'm guessing fantasy tuition doesn't count? Either way, congrats bud! I'm proud that you are active in extra-circulars.
Wont try to figure it out
I love Theodore. He will always be my favorite underclassman.
Its Filming In Maine!
Thanks for playing...you're just full of one-liners #more sarcasm
Are yall ready lemme get the roar.
I love when I get a new book!
Wishing all of my friends a joyful mother's day! Big hugs! Tell me your Mother's Days plans.
just started twittering......loving it : )
find me for your sticker!
No coincidences.
wow my mama too petty for blasting "kiss kiss" by at this time
Thanks to my colleague for such a warm welcome! Looking forward to exploring academia through twitter!
It sure has been awhile, how is everyone?
#CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys! Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th & Im in the 11th grade. R there any M&GS for the Milwaukee show? 4
Can women "rock the bowtie" too? How would you convince them to participate ?
Words hurt just as much as physical pain. Think before you speak.
Summer Deals: $3 Burger Wed., $4 Big Salad Mon., VIP Tues. at Scholars & 1/2 Martinis ALL SUMMER LONG!!!
just took to the stage, warming up the audience for Boyercom's keynote!
Do you know who's doing the Maine study?
RT My Last Tweet...
How's Miss Muffet today?
My tat itching like shit!!
I get my most up to date news from Facebook.
Are we an accident in time, or part of the grand design?
"The Force" is weird. How can a Jedi detect a planet being destroyed light years away but can’t tell he is kissing his own sister?
Reading about pioneer women gives me newfound appreciation for indoor plumbing and electricity.
#MarchMadness is officially here! With games starting every couple of hours, things are gonna get crazy. Have you finished your bracket?
happy birthday! and I will have Jameson tonight in your honor.
Reviewing : this is THE analytical tool for all of you aspiring ecommerce marketers.
I swear someone is stealing money from me
absolutely you bring the shrimp taco tuesday and I'll provide the ice cream :) win win for everyone!!
Drank a killing 1982 Chateau Batailley that Joe Martin brought!
Yay! You should come see a show at #Stage773 !
If Ke$ha goes on tour in the UK, does she become Ke£ha?
Bought 3 new scripts and the January edition of American Theatre magazine yesterday. Lets do this
"What the f-front yard"
I kicked it today with the bby & my big homie :)
your tweets rocks this morning/afternoon lol
My legs are getting tan>
"I want a dropdead gorgeous boyfriend who's really into me". Hm don't we all.
Who do you guys think A is on pretty little liars?
durr? That might be the greatest comeback ever.
Sometimes, you just need a little Handel. Add in a healthy dose of Emma Kirkby and you *know* everything's gonna be okay...
This prom shit zoning me out .
You have such a pretty face, it's a shame you're such a bitch.
Like Nixon in '68, he has a "secret" plan on immigration. If he told it, it wouldn't be a secret.
Attending today's first annual Summit in Austin? If so, let us know what you learned!
there you go.
Getting academics to acknowledge that students don't share those beliefs is a big problem for the academy going forward.
Someone said Tupac's been working out. That shit made me laugh.
The U.S. Department of Justice is reportedly in the early stages of an antitrust inquiry into Apple's digital retail music business.
Take a poop and bake a cake.
Tonight volunteers up their game in preparation for May 19th opening. Thks to #Carmel City Councilor Ron Carter Market Master for 14 years
The Motorcycle Diaries is easily one of my favorite books and movies.
You laugh at me because im different. I laugh at you because you are all the same.
You are a rock star! Makes me miss all of you!
Im just being honest when I say is my girlfriend. I love her <3
which one
omg i effin' love your icon! aaahhh i want to marry him!!
Inside scoop from today, the new add Robert on the show was picked up while workin at #Trader Joes. love the staff.
easy choice! Thanks joe
I texted you earlier... I was trying to.
thank god n dc we pay some of the highest gas prices
I don't want to get old time is to fast.
Offering free product to Octomom is a risky PR strategy. Very opportunistic & inappropriate. Wrong message for any brand.
Forgot how absurd the #Maury show is.
as a matter of fact she hosted Allen West and New FL Gov Rick Scott today, they seek to amplify her rhetoric
awww. love you too honey.
During convo about if we would ever bring #Beertown back... EYQ: "Can we have a pot-luck salad bar instead of dessert bar?"
right back at ya girl. super excited and super happy that something we talked about years ago has come to fruition! love U!
husband accidentally bought "special fashion issue" of people. issue is all kate middleton. she really needs to quit dieting.
what in the world is selfridges??
the only water hitting my patio is from the rain blowing in sideways. It is nuts out here.
Party Time
has the deepest tweets at night<3<3 I think its his thinking time about how far hes gotten & everyone who got him there
The wise don't expect to find life worth living;they make it that way
Mr. just proclaimed war vs. #teammongoloid. He said we're gonna be sleeping in the hallway tonight.
LOVE it when ppl ask me why do u LOVE ")
Why aren't my twitter & FB accounts no longer connected together???
playoffs, is Morey a genius?
And the AAPL market marches on. They are driving the shorts crazy. We put out another 10% short line on the close.
Calling yourself an artist is problematic
Some guys know all the right things to say. <U+2665>
New collections come in every day. Come in to see some great collections!
I agree about the effects. Seems too dark. I loved the colorful take from Raimi. And I thought his Spider-Man was snarky enough.
Just wrapped up the Flashmob at ! Thanks to everyone who came out. Photos and videos will be up on our site soon :)
About once every three years something comes over me and I go on a health kick.
Definitely! We'll be doing another naming (or a bris) sometime in mid to late May for #2. Might be a good excuse!
Thank you too! You're a great friend x
Acc. to his dad, ex-Tulsa G Jordan Clarkson will appear on future ep. of OTL to talk transfer restrictions. (h/t ) ...
that's unfortunate. I went until 4 am and feel great.
Ricky Senter?! That kid that used to drink motor oil and drive a moped full speed into the brick Franke Park restroom building?
Only 7 mins my heart is really pounding now
I think i am going to go shower then play some bf3.
Need to get a session going.
Jason Treutelaar expects to return to sidelines at Racine Holick next year. Has a very talented young team to work with.
tax cut targets middle class, but an increase of minimum wage to $ 20.00/hour + would improve quality of life for the 99%
3rd Annual Cocktails for Courage in honor of USMC Cpt. Kyle Van de Giesen is May 25. Donate to KRV Memorial Award Fund. Contact me
do you see how mad you got? She makes money off of you! :)
Good potluck dish is a great idea-fall perhaps!
Definitely. Communicopia blog is my RSS pluck of the month. Tks for hitting my sweet spot. cc:
TONIGHT: America's #1 Unsigned Artist Showcase, Club Pyramid NYC-8pm. Artists perform FREE. Must bring @ least 1 paying guest - 347 249 9441
Damn why did TMZ have to find him! I hope he doesn't get harassed and slips back under the radar.
Oh no!! I hope you feel better!!
worked at Ihop... lol can't picture that.
Got all choked up there for a sec... Nice shot tho kid good luck!!!
Love the collection!
listening to #SaySomethin right now :) love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 17
Escort service hells angels hiring talent send pic
gonna go to freidns house lol always remember never forget to leave the toilet seat down
All true artists, whether they know it or not, create from a place of no-mind, from inner stillness. ::: Eckhart Tolle :::
That Gendarme just body-slammed Australia bikini guy
happens to the best of us partiers
We're on the island now, too. We'll give as much news as we can.
Have Good Time At Class Ill Be Thing About You LOL
Oh man, I would LOVE to be a part of this!
shirtless in a mash tun?? How the hell did I miss this?
I have no words. Blah.
Thank GAWD. How would I survive on Sunday otherwise?
Matthew 5:9 (KJV) 9.Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the children of God.
I hate who I have let be apart of my life. I should be mad at myself, but how are you supposed to know what that person was to become?
Yes. You?
Was Taken that good of a movie to get a #FamilyGuy spoof? It was ok, but spoof worthy?
#round2 let's get it
My favorite breakfast place.
Thanks for sharing our blog post Kiri!
Drinking my matte just for !
I can only send you a DM if you're following me too I guess. I just tried. :)
Make sure you get some good pain pills.
Now on sale at Supper! Ask for it the next time you stop by!
Lady Gaga...I bet Blake Shelton is loving sitting next to her.
Listening to 's "We Are Rising," Ryan Lott's voice is an intriguing yet somehow familiar mix of Kevin Barnes and Brandon Flowers.
so where are you from?
whatcha going to nashville for bro?
Master and Servant
Porsche AG boosts revenue in first quarter by 32.4 per cent
oh believe me I will! :-)
Now all I can do is count down the days until I see you. #IMissYouDad I mean I've survived 9 months..
Sometimes you're best friends lie to you, disrespect you & betray you, so what can you do.
It's a sausage fest at Lucky Strike. You've been warned
what kind?
Watch a great film, explore Lean, Ford, Breillat, Lupino, etc These directors are authors, artists, masters of their field.
I think soo....
I just found out someone in my family is a free murderer.
I don't really use Google+ but the update for iPhone looks good and works a bit better at first glance
Speechless... absolutely speechless... 32 yards?
This weeks special, order 100+ garments and get an added ink color FREE! Offer expires 4/8. Mention twitter to receive the discount.
In the city early:) Shoppingg day. <U+2764>
I'm literally about to supper and then shortly after I will commence the slumber...
$10 Discount on #OneMusicFest tickets thru the end of June. I'll be getting mine! It was one of the best concerts I attended last year.
i like that!
Happy Good Friday! Lift Him up today.
were experiencing some email issues - if they bounce back please sit tight - waiting on some DNS servers to update… thx!
I'm a sucker. I knew something was up.. The #Twolves fan in me made me respond in hopes to defend K Love.
Thanks to Jake Tapper of ABC News for giving our little film project a shout out. Thanks for making some good noise, Jake.
your so perf your my insparation your amazing i luv you mahomie 4ever <3 (: wanna skype pretty please that would make my year!
love you and the show but it's epitome (a-pit-o-me) not ep-a-tome
Makeup tip of the day: As quoted from The Housebunny, "The eyes are the nipples of the face..." Play w/ them! Haha, don't be afraid of color
yeah!!!!! Lol and i would mention you an stuff!!!!:D
aw man, tease! Looking forward to seeing it!
it would be, btw, really nice to get demographic data on 50shades readership. somwhere.
Now speaking at the Black Male Summit is Dr. Imani Perry of Princeton University.
everyone is trending "BIG TIME RUSH"
i would ace it if i took it
And when I get back I'll spend all afternoon adding software to it rather than fixing ticketed issues.
Oh, it's been way too long since I read those (in translation)
I'm just trying to stay humble
my favorite Game of Thrones link is up, time to head on home
Lmaoo ima need all that Memphis Style BBQ shipped to me
Excited to for my first Happy Hour tonight!
everyone is beautiful in their own way.
"Luther" is a fantastic show. As far as movies go, watch "Street Thief: Who is Kaspar Carr"; otherwise "Hawaii, Oslo" is also great.
I got a idea lol
I know <3 he really is a good guy
Hi, It's Autism Awareness Mo. & U help autistic kids w/ your G-Free bks. Pls. read my book, "How to Talk to an Autistic Kid."
It's #never too late to become what you want to be.
LOL... Maria Ratner is on the phone having a full blown conversation during at
Oh hey danks. You want my email? ;D
yeah Justin please follow her :) she's a huge fan and she is really dedicated :)
Been in bed sick all day now I can't sleep at least soUth park is on
RT : "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."—President Obama // indeed
more sweet boots ?!
Lot of longballs in this 'ere Sox game it seems
awh bromance too cute:')
Good. *smirks* DM me if you want to rethink my offer okay? You have the makings of an alpha.
RT : Always looking to work with new DJs....anyone want to collab on mixtape hit me up thanks
HAPPY HOUR SPECIALs: $3 Domestic Beer $4 Imported Beer $5 Wine by the Glass $6 Margarita's $6 Martini's $6 Mojito's
If you have two tattoos you are not "tatted up"
you guys are really loving australia!!! :)
hey its my sweet16 birthday 1
piece of shit
deondra needs to hurry up with her hair
Are you that intimidated? RT : I hope the Spurs building collapses and they have to forfeit
Thanks, I'm trying...
time to upgrade that satellite over Chicago. #runchi until
I know
#WhyDoHoes like to act slutty, and wear not enough clothes.
Why is it the ringer on my phone only works at innappropriate times? Movies. Funerals.
even with spurs having home court huh? It will be exciting. I say heat wins it all this year though.
Oh so this is what drugs do to people
I'm deadass
Luckily its too early to be a bitch right now; I'm coolin B)
how about the Ghoulish Gallop in October?
getting ready to go to my first day of speech class! I am so nervous I am terrified of giving speeches in front of people.
yes I am
True freaks stay freaks from day to night...
is it the dark hair? Lol
Looking forward to getting back to work this AM with and on
Of course..
Brewers need you, get back home!!!!
Fck. its too late to b foolin. Lol im taking my ass to bed. No more straight vodka.o_-
haha! Dumb ol, twitter
I love the voice.
I need a new dealer
Totally bombed my bio eoc hahaha, so did the entire class.
is refusing to get sick...
you okay boo?
When I eat fried pickles at Hooters, I keep my eyes closed so that I won't be able to see the good looking women that work there.
couldn't help but wonder if you're ok with all the storms that passed through IN the past couple days. Fingers crossed!
MADRE and are celebrating mothers worldwide. Send us your #wishesformothers via video, photo and comment
it's a guy
Go pack!!
Yanks close it out tonight?
please follow me so I can dm you about one of your posts on =]!
Uhhmm...apparently this dance is the Derek show...
Make a little space and get out of your own way. -Rachel Platten
#Dadism You've got more *insert anything* than Carter's got pills. We're 5 presidents in but he's sticking with this gem. God bless him
You are the same today you’ll be five years from now except for the books you read and the people you meet Charlie Tremendous Jones”
Duke leads Michigan 34-22 in halftime.
Meh & about to kill this kid for pushing us ...#bitchgonnadie ):/
Trouble neglects you angels protect u
Want to wish somebody a sweet new year? Do it with divine treats from William Dean Chocolates, available at The Chocolate Library.
Preds Game vs the Force...30 minutes to kick off!
Thanks for the RT!
the goonies one of the greatest movies of all-time
#AlexandriaVA City Council voted 6-1 to approve the Beauregard Small Area Plan.
I call it computer motion sickness, hate it too
I kno I hate it
RT appreciated OG! <---Oh & download my nephew 's new mixtape "Twenty-One". Ya'll will agree, kid is NICETY!
is this random enough for you?
nope lol :P 16 & hell my friend is 17 and loves them man
What's your school?
Thank you! I bit the bullet and ordered one online today. Couldn't fiddle around anymore! Appreciate the response!!
Yes, it's been divine!
then don't follow
Valentine's Day plans? Order our Dinner for 2 with your EL - Champagne Chicken over Wild Rice Pilaf with Carrots & Salad and Lime Tart - $35
how many, exactly, is "X"?
my bellybutton over the last several months started going from an innie to an outie. My doctor said hernia and surgery to fix.
OK, now I mean it. Ready to get back into the swing of things and write some stories. RAWR!
RT!!!!!! EVERYONE PLEASE FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT !!!!!!!
what's up with the green head bands?
miss u too!
It's feasible for there to be a dance with life, a creative response to its innate boundaries and concerns.
he's mine too.
fatself should not be eating chicken
Our server/waitress is so precious. Nicest thing!
Figured it was time to change my username since I got married 5 months ago and had my name changed.
Did you know - #DorothyHeight received awards from multiple presidents! Do you know which presidents they were?
I love new skunk hair. He's lookin good.
What even just happened.
i brush my teeth so much my mouth feels like it hates me. 'least my teeth are pretty bright for a kid who doesnt regularly goto the dentist!
On to #LAX. Car pool waiting -> on time departure, yes?
Ugh why did I answer call way early this morning now I'm hella tired... Che mamon...
yes, and it starts to pass faster even when you slow down
I se.t you a message anx if you don't read it thank you
stinky gringo margaritas!!!
RT : Can anyone recommend some kind of a Mac Mini equivalent with a killer GPU? // Tweet it if you find it
We are beginning the public comment portion of the SPB committee mtg on the proposed budget for next school year.
In Minnesota A bill amendment that will expand gambling and increase purses 40% @ Canterbury Park has passed the Daily Racing Form reported.
Time goin by so slloooowww been here since. 9 a.m. and i still got 7hours b4 im off lol
Do the hard jobs first. The easy jobs will take care of themselves. -Dale Carnegie
Good morning, friends... here's to a great day for us all! Do you have a #healthy day planned? : )
Members Card Pacers -2 (50 units)
Thinking and always will be thinking about ICONic Boyz<3 <3 <3
what day is comin over this weekend? ..can we get eat park the next morning lol
It's been a good weekend for movies! Saw The Artist and Pariah and both were fantastic! Go check them out!
The 99ers and The Down n' Counted Out ! Need Jobs Too, Not only the Midwest & Southern States But the East Coast and West Coast Too!
In the office helping a young couple discover they can buy their first home & get the $8,000 tax credit. Then...it's movie night w the fam.
hey can u please follow me please
I do not understand how my 50lb dog manages to monopolize the entire queen size bed. Men...
it's so sad driving past the cemetary and looking at all of the mom's sitting in the baby section..
What am I writing about?
dreamed last night about an idea for a book. did quick search, didn't find the topic. might try and write this. who knows a publisher?
Hello back and thank you for the warm welcome ; )
Richard Siskey – thankful for good friends today.
Create advocacy strategy 1) Background research 2) Build out network 3) Prepare & motivate network 4) Build out calendar 5) Stay on target
WE LOOK DOWNTOWN WHILE WE UPTOWN BUT IS NOT OUR FAULT IF WE ALWAYS LOOKING UP B-]
": Word to and " << Already! Website grind!
Sittin here "Stalling" on FB, so I don't have to go to the GYM.. SMDH... Gotta get motivated.. Grrrrrrrr ;-/
#3WordsForYou: What's your name? ;)
See you in a week, Milwaukee.
How does looting and destroying your community help protest against a police incident. No matter how controversial? Idiots!!!!
goin to bed! night all you lovely shrooms!! xx
You know when I said large doses of caffeine didn't affect me? Well, I'm still awake, so some things DO Chanel.
Why u mad bro ?
Hope you guys stumbled across some great treats on Record Store Day!
i want to follow me too does she hate me now im litteraly crying ok calm down tatiana
The Oscars are over and all over LA millions of actors just got their motivation back.
no I'm still following you
in public -- no. in private -- si!
YES!!!! You are amazing... i finally have my female role model! THANK YOU!
Delta delayed to Chicago. Weather must be too nice.
It's been a while since you've had a beer if you feel tipsy from the third bottle.
Phone making me sign in to twitter again when i told your ass to remember me!
5 seconds has gone by, no followers. Man, they hate me already?
Wow. Small world.
Do either of you know of any other athletes I can incessantly beg to get #SB4y tickets? I am so deserving
Where r u?
MT : SM needs to be an integral part of a campaign. Can't make a FB page & walk away, will lose people
are you in class right now ?
#2012ALC was a great conference and I'm proud to work for US too. Happy Anniversary!
But if I go thru the hassle of getting there & it sucks, I will be bitterly disappointed. And I will rant about it at length ;-)
it has changed everything since we hired a graphic designer. So much better!
Senate holding #ESEA hearing 11/8 & #SchoolLibraries aren't included. Why?! Good #schools need good #libraries!
lol I did
the fact that my male coworker is watching Justin Bieber's documentary "Never Say Never" makes me laugh...A LOT
I suggest we get a bottle of "something" & call it a party! We can infuse that "something" w chia. Who's w/ me?
hoping my boston friends have met their neighbor - he rocked a great edutaining preso at today's
Like going to work on a Friday cuz I know its pay day
Never! RT I don't know about you but I'm getting tired of hearing my voice
That Awkward Moment when it`s all silent and someone says "awkward"
RT A2 After the TagWhat session last week, I approached our board today abt doing a dedicated stream for that.
The first time I saw Nadia G. I thought she was bizarre. Now I'm a huge fan. She's funny and her pizza sauce we had this week was fantastic
can I wear the medalion?
Aww, poor girl. Hollie looks like she wants to run off the stage
Choosing DBRD over M/S or M/M repli?
In sheer volume of what is written about an author, James #Joyce is second only to Shakespeare.
she need to get bopped right in da head for that
Congratulations to LaMont J. for his first performance as a solo artists! We are so proud of you
LMAOOO “: Some of you girls look hella scary without make up on. Disgusting <U+0001F637>”
Turbos were designed to make good cars faster not to get your massive suv off the line and up to 10mph.
health screening!!
Love your Twitter profile pic!
Morty talkin smack about studying beer drinking abroad in Australia. Does he not think it's academic? Quoting Santorum, "what a snob."
congrats on your pic being used on that summer teen jobs article. How often do your images get used?
Holiday....finally
Austin is leaving behind all of the posters & fanmail :c
Accordng to Nancy Pearl winning word for fear of not having enough to read=lackolibrophobia
Wow! Huntsville, Alabama! Bout to be on the radio and doing shows there.
Which one is you?
thanks for the follow
Memories are made and memories are forgoten but the ones rememberd are made with the ones you love !
ABX sauces transform classic items with sophisticated flavors that will keep YOU coming back for more!
^2 As both male and female, and they are blessed, but when their nature was called Adam,
I miss my future husband so much.
vilma out for the year... bucs sign a paralyzed dude... good day to be a falcons fan!
Batman is the best super hero
Great, thank you! :) is there weekly tasks, or something?
can I get a RT? I am leaving for Air Force boot camp tomorrow in Texas it would be awesome for me i am a huge dodger fan
Thanks ya'll for the turnout! Zodiac prevails.
. Happy Birthday Kate.
I SWEAR I LOVE OUR DG SO FREAKING MUCH OMG CUZ WE'RE SO AWESOME <3 can't wait for the dg chalet!) yay :D
Setting on the couch with my son having a father son chat
so sick of this
yeah its pretty far about 30-45 min from chapel
may your neighbors respect you, trouble neglect you, angels protect you, and heaven accept you
So jealous!
I woke up so great today :) im so thankful. God gives me so much light and im so glad I get another day with my family. I love him so much
Read something about aura. Interesting theme.
follow me? & it was great seeing you on the abdc stage again :') <3
you go to bed.
#Kentucky blue and #UNC Tar Heel blue are my two favorite colors but #nyknicks blue is gaining favor
So many damn things on those comm sales that I want to snag. I must control my eyes.
March Madness is in full effect at Big Wangs Hollywood. Join us!
Thankfully I was able to post the DP front page on Facebook, but still unable to share stories.
I like the chances tonight. Wolfy's gonna be effective tonight.
Hope everyone had a great weekend, now lets make it a great week!
would be cool if Ramen noodles had another nutritional value besides SODIUM OVERDOSE
My nephew bday party tomorrow gone pop tomorrow
#Man jailed for driving car at referee in European Soccer game
Who's coming to the open run tomm at groad 1:45. Bring it
I forgot what it's like to be bored.
Perfect for a #hike! RT : #SantaFe Forecast for Tuesday: Mostly sunny. Highs in the mid 70s to lower 80s. West winds 10 to...
well we r sittin outside his house now lol. Can u cum ovr we scared to knock on the door
Does anyone know if the #TCAS are going to be on uStream or something? No cable at my cottage D:
quit crying
Question: How many of our fans are gamers?
Love is giving someone the power to destroy you but trusting them not to.
not to mention i've had to speak with 3 reps - 2 online & 1 on the phone (all saying different things) - to get this resolved.
You gon' slip n' fall my boy.
W. Greg Henson Joins NCI as Corporate Senior Vice President of Business Development
Today's zen moment from - cooking dinner and listening to Uecker
we love dogs but would prefer humans only tonight.
when i read your tweets and you seem to have more drama than a couple where the lady finds out her beloved husband is cheating on her...
na im lookin at the car i wana get cause its so sexy!!!
Yep! Me and
Thanks for the kind words and shares ! and myself had a lot of fun chatting w/ !
I know Rudy Gay got joked when he was younger. Worst name ever for a man.
Hate these type of mornings!
and im still here....
This fox needs some shut eye. Xoxo.
java java java not the coffee kind
Great social media lesson by She had a PowerPoint and everything. And, like a good teacher, she quit before my brain exploded.
Watchin Avatar is like looking at an aquarium on acid. Would have loved Eddie Murphy as lead. Mystery Science Theatre 3000 treatment next.
other fans around the world besides the UK. thank you.
lol yeah next time I will babe I need the tan (;
Thanks for RTing!
I'm not the nicest looking person in the world, but I have had a few relationships. A couple were very bad, but another couple were okay.
use manic panic hair colour paint its fantastic for emo hairs and love the colours :D try it!
Black guys are just so attractive .
On that side of the aisle I did like Huntsman, which of course meant he had no chance of getting their nomination.
We support #Baltimore's new advocacy group! Join us for happy hour at Liam Flynn's Ale House 22 W. North Avenue Fri 4/20
Hearts on Fire! Rocky 4 must be on. Classic
I have done nothing but sleep since I got to Texas. 10 hours last night and a 3 hour nap this afternoon. Texas might be heaven, y'all.
Namma Metro station will also keep the flag flying high - The Hindu
I love your twitter profile pic!! :) how've you been old friend?
its funny cus the main ppl sayn "sex aint better than love" are the hoes ruinin happy relationships. STOP tryna quote trey homewreckers !!
lmao come get one
Eat that wonton soup
Just got off work..... Wow
I was laughing so hard at that interview! "A muc a muc a muc A what?!" Hahaha.
If you dont put smiley faces in your textss...
Yolo: You obviously live online.
brittany it isn't far omg x)
has not eaten.
RT : The forum will give community members a chance to testify about city's jail conditions Check our homepage tmrw 4 link.
Check your twitter messages.
Thank you! Enjoy!
Everybody is beautiful to somebody.
There is a beautiful parallelism between the condition of woman in her domestic life and the character of a nation. (1850)
Welcome to the B1G, Nebraska!
Cincinnati Bible College
blames being cold on his head's tiresome habit of losing up to 30% of his body heat. good job, there, head!
yeah I thought so lol. Up for sehri?
abby, im lovin' the carriage for ya dog.
The things I could fucking say to you right now...
Nostalgic The video is tame by 2012 standards
#twothingsthatdontmix niggas and money....give these negroes money they wanna trick out they pagers just to hve 6 kids and go broke...
Get that boy some #Windex #Marshal is
Even with inflation factored in, could anyone argue that is more valuable than on just about any level?
is this a new band?? or que pasa?
Gonna be a georgeous week in the chi! Enjoy!
Dear English 102, go die in a ditch!!!
110,000 people at the Michigan game. But why does it seems like it's so quiet. The place should be rocking right now.
The world is looking at us and our house is jacked up!
Chris has a new bass sound... may be a game changer for us... pretty excited...
Books & Thugs! And BYOB
okay:) and good thing I told you so you didn't die!
Astronaut Chick
not I, but who's on tomorrow night with me. Don't forget
<U+2744>It'll be snowing in Julian today! Stop by for warm fresh slice of apple pie & hot coffee or cider! Full belly<U+21E2>warm heart!<U+2744>
oh sure! And after that I can teach you how to julienne some carrots and make you a steak
Tough consolation. Borders gone on Boylston, but Boston's first Pret a Manger, Athleta will open there.
good luck to #tpedge pro who is 25/500 in the TCOOP Main Event and recording from the first minute for TPE
Eric Decker better be okay. Stupid dirty Harrison sucks right now.
Really hoping Desmond Tutu's walk up music is either "Danger Zone" or "Hit Em Up"
Yu do music
I'm on call tonight too... 1 of 6 eh? rough...
I saw the U SMILE video and I was the first one cuz one had commented or seen it, that means I'm ur #1 fan!! I love u!
Susan Komen has had a VERY rough day on my facebook news feed.
#favmoviequote "Bitch I don't know your life!"
Educate a Girl: Change the World. Gender Equality Very Important
Get down here for lunch; we've got Kashmir Chicken Stew and Fire Roasted Tomato w/ Cheesy Croutons!
Up and early. Getting a new bow.
Without hesitation! #NowFollowing :)
Thanks, hope you are having a great week!
The new Mayor hasn't been in office a full 24hrs and already his approval rating has dropped? OMG
cute is for a puppy , i want respond to that shit .
Thanks for mention!
I'm at #smccsc which auto correct tries to make "dmv sc" dear god why... I thought I was done with the state!
Congrats! It looks great!
only "know" him via Twitter. not in person.
Austin has #SWAG & Hes F L A W L E S S
first unit in school will be over after today, feeling accomplished. eeeyeah!
Social networks are the new plumbing
Well, yes, yes they are. RT the ladies look so fabulous!
Watching #AGT but I miss #TheVoice and the stuff says
FCC votes 2-1 to approve new political file disclosure rules
made it look too easy
<---follow him. He is badass.
no! :( you can't talk about that yet
Just found out I can go to because of #memorial day #FTW!!!!!!!!!
Did you get a #vegan green tea and mandarin orange cupcake #pizza yet?
Dual streaming #makesxsw & #sxproxy anyone else live streaming?
#20ThingsAboutMe 6. I hate my job. Hollister is a piece of shit and I cannot stress this enough times.
neither does your husband! Save for a small handful of songs I really don't care for them.
Love you Cris. Life's too short. See you soon.
why you didn't invite me to your birthday? ;( xD
Gonna have to refresh my memory on that one. Great game, thanks!!
I'm extremely hungry!
How can boys not throw a baseball?
ruff nite at work last night , hopefully the rest of the week will be goochi
yours is the honor of having the first account that soft-bounced my email newsletter. ;-)
It continues to amaze me how some people cling to the most ridiculous ideals
ur guitarist with the long hair looks like my uncle bajuses (Eric) just thought I'd tell you
thank you :-) BTW love your hair color.
thank you! Happy new year to you! Hope it's a great one...
Win or loss today for the Cubs, your focus should be on the Bulls
so many things on my mind...!
Good job guys! Google is a good get. wow, that was a lot of words with "g".
Happy New Year from the DALN! We finish 2011 with 2842 archived narratives about reading/writing/composing. Here's to reaching 3000 in 2012!
haha glad you like it! :)
Appears the #GOP can't give us jobs so they're using the old smokescreen tactic and giving us war on women instead.
Prices for styling can vary by salon. Send us a note to & we'll follow up.
Hello Twitter peeps! Glad to join you! Shimmy on over to our #Facebook & #YouTube pages. We would love to connect with you!
Strength is often the ability to say "No" to things that would hinder you from accomplishing your major purpose in life.
Sunday, Oct 25, 2009, 8pm THE ART OF BLEEDING @ CALIFORNIA INSTITUTE FOR ABNORMAL ARTS Los Angeles (North Hollywood area), CA. Live show 9p
so now I'm gettin ignored huh...u r terrible
RT : Dave wears tinfoil pants because someone on Facebook said it stops viruses but won't stop clicking links in unsolicited emails
thanks for the follow! Live and work by the edgewater location and am there frequently!
hey le
Also problematic treating "lit classrm" as monolithic - what course objectives might be (best) addressed by gaming?
Fill in the blank: The Detroit Tigers are playing like _____________________.
me too. BUT IT'S WORTH IT.
Can the Ravens please sign , that dude is a beast.
well it 2-3 years ago but yeah I did. Crazy
The brand of candy, duh..
Saw it on Twitter.
THE DARE TO DREAM BOOKS, AND A CAMERA AND A PHONE AND STUFF... OMFG, SKYPE ME..
Don't miss our show this Thursday! 8pm - 1am
My English class makes me want to kill myself. Bunch of 12 year-olds.
You're welcome, Mr. Dusty!! God bless your day!!! (:
is grant speaking at a church tomorrow in Austin? Would like to know in order to hear him speak. :-)
I banged my toe & it hurts so much omfg
Thanks for standing by me, for all the support & RTs from those continuing to do so while the laptop is being repaired greatly appreciated.
...getting to be very good at making signs for the nonfiction section with clip art pictures & numbers combined! 598 = Birds!
the Downtown Y! Great Group fitness classes & instructors!
I hear they're good in a soup. #sarcasticresponse. LOL
Spending Easter with >
What do u mean "what" I didn't say anything
And let #NFLmadness begin!!
Lily Allen is gonna quit music like Brett Farve quit football.
bought them from people nervous about the season.
"Steak and Shrimp! Steak and Shrimp!"
KUOW at 8:06: Parents muy unhappy about proposal to change start times at Seattle Public Schools.
Cool - good luck!
There Is NO SUBSTITUTION For Hard Work..
Do you want me at your tailgate for the 11/19/2011 LSU at Ole Miss game - bid on my 2 hour tailgate appearance on Ebay - Item# 140612016290
Idek what to do anymore ... I'm so lost..
Feels good to be back in the big d.
Braves lose! Tiger chokes! Classic sports day, classic.
AP Psych? Awesome. Here's hoping we help you stickK to your study plan.
Hit us up for all your Vegas concierge needs during your stay! Have fun this weekend!
for sure, but knowing tht ur sad & shldnt b is better than being sad and feeling that u deserve it.
i will!
What prevents syndicators from creating their own, similar badge program? e.g.: MLSProvided®
please please please please :) i love you
After 18 months loyal service, the 'ole Mac has died. Tomorrow it's the Apple store. Then finish SAPSounds vid.
i think i should text cause she told me to earlier and i just remembered :)
thanks. :) Hopefully I made them think a bit. At least intro to and #behaviordesign ;)
I got a bike yesterday! I'm so excited to ride after my sunburn goes away. All in all a cool Earth Day, but I wish she protected me better!
No problem! I'll send you some times.
Seattle peeps: Kirkland area restaurant suggestions?
#hth2012 good question: who owns the data in commercial repositories (eg Flickr)
#geico already nailing it with their first commercial
Thanks Patricia!
let's get some starbucks ! <U+0001F609>
the bureaucracy and paperwork of the profit-making health insurance industry consume one-third of every healthcare dollar.
Follow he follow back
We had an AWESOME time! Thank you for everything. Talk to you soon!!
don't brake the code
Im glad me and my siblings are only related by our mother.
My pleasure. Oh and I forgot to mention that I also put tiny bit of sea salt in it
!cam shuffle on www.aaron.tv
And it's not like they need Robinson on the field at FB. Singleback 2TE may be most-used formation...
would you rather they verify the story, or rush to quote a tabloid? Remember when JoePa died a day early?
We currently only offer the Swing GUI version as a Free Edition but I did have plans to offer a Web GUI Free Edition in the future.
Our band is almost half UCSD grads and half SDSU grads... wow
Ready for the rest of my weekend with ! I let you go huntin frogs, so now we get to do what I want! <U+0001F44D><U+2764>
Max Pacioretty has tons of skill.Especially for a kid w/ that type of size.He's going to be a stud on the #Habs top line for the next decade
please let me touch your ass.
ok...whose that on that picha...
I'm on it.
Museum-A-Day: Oliver Kelley Farm. 19th C MN Feminine Identity & New Thoughts on
Jeffrey uses too - unlike taking notes on your Iphone, this enables us to tag notes & become more organized
Im ridin around with that dezieee !
I keep a lot of shit to myself, because in reality, no one gives a fuck.
Talking to you breaks my heart....
How do i get that for my phone
Did he give any deets about the next album coming out?
please follow me!<33333
The earthquake has not affected anyone here... yet
It's hot in Tooopekaaaa.
yes, you need to get over here. Don't make drag you in, because she will...
In recognition of the hard work of our customers and partners, we at HubSpot recently held our first annual user group
Just finished crossfitting it up!
...:::I NEED A JOB Anyone know of somewhere thats hiring? if so let me know!!!:::...
Yeah, I realized my mistake from your original tweet & was just having some fun quoting Beavis if you didn't catch it. :)
California, here I come!
Big boobs don't count if you're fat...
Shout out to my fam and friends :) ,
Ciao, ciao! Hope all is well in DC. Cheer on the Caps for me tomorrow if you can!
someone needs to tell Mark McKinnon to cool it with the scarves in every outfit he wears.
a murder of a military personal if NCIS is there.
Wow even though attending #sxswedu was last minute and having to work it around my work prep for #sxswi I am very glad I did!
Indeed. RT : Early morning, you are like cruel shoes.
Katherine McPhee is pretty, but has as much charisma as a glass of water.
Hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving! Who's still out shopping for black friday?
I was sleeping the other night, alone, thanks to the exterminator
I've never heard it put that way, but I love the way you're thinking. Gotta retweet! :-)
Thanks for sharing - I like 'Let's Tie the Knot'
Woo! Peter Dinklage! HALF-MAN!!!
When cody was singin Angel, i was filming &than my ipod died.. and it didnt save what it already filmed :( darnit
DUDE! I miss you man!! Where you at? I need a pep talk dude, and you need to get your mind right and holler at me.
Doubt it. RT Let's see if these DA live Dalai Lama tweets are as good as my in-game tweets.
Tell ppl, if they have Flat Stanley, check w/the cashiers.They keep track where he's from.Flat Stanley had fun @ Bronners!!!
Itchy skin
watching movies...haha..but you have to study for something don't you?
I know. I was mistaken. Thought he traded back.
Mrs. Kirk: "I am intimidated by people who are Asian"
Getting very depressed over the fact that I'm almost done with the Hunger Games series... what's next?!
surf surf surf
I ordered Adobe Creative Suite 5.5 Design Premium. I am pretty excited.
Todays second word of the day: banal
no problem(: How you doinn?
So, Bevmo apparently doesn't carry Paddys, and hasn't since 2010. Where else can I get some?
i only know 1 sarah so every time i listen to "sarah smile" it reminds me of once-said sarah & honestly...ima marry that one
I wish i can go!! but I can't. xxxloveyousomuch
Realization of nothing lasts forever.
My mom is the JDHS Teacher of the Year! Go Mama!
Design challenge:Finding a metaphor we can all relate to. For youTube: Content as a smorgasbord of plates We can fill. #chi2012 .
is a cool dude, and he doesn't even talk. That; takes; skills.
Today in 1960, April 13 – the first U.S. navigational satellite was placed in a north-south polar orbit
had a great day at school today and then relaxing to whole weekend im going to see the three stoges tomorrow with
No one sent me a number? Hold the fuck up <U+270B>
Yay, New York!
Howzit Zac. I hope not the generic stuff. The tape better hold longer than a few hrs. I've got to get some paper work done.
pre-post prime appreciation!
I suppose, you're kind of a big deal. Just don't let the fame change you.
You guys better not be having sex when I get there.......
I does :D hahh
lol I kno how you feel
Wow. Jealous.
¤ Words calculated to catch everyone may catch no one. Adlai E. Jr. Stevenson
What's so Messed up is that ma celebrates tweet ma ppl but that never happen to me that's so much head !!! So messed up urg !!!
Mt everst was great
nikka are y'all ready
Thx 2all &to all a good night Lost on LA but NYC here we come! BARBERSHOP PUNK Nov11-17RerunTheater/GastropubBrooklyn Opning nght will rock
where are we gonna so the video
Join us at tomorrow at 8 and 10 for series "Act Like a Saint, Think Like a Christian."
Just opened a pack of mixed berry fruit snacks and got ALL strawberries.
Austin's braces make Austin more cuter :3
yup comes out today!
Interesting post about iPad remorse.
"This Charming Man" vs. Super Mario Bros. just made my week
Why don't you just go ahead and put it on your mailbox now?
2 my new twitter frnd if u hve not alrdy done so check out my page www.reverbnation.com/jewallep Listen to my # 1 single LOVE PROOF
THANK YA!! #ATX RT : good job! Keep up the greatness!
random trip to #chicago tomorrow! can anyone suggest awesome places to dine?!
What planet do parents come from anyway?
This humidity and my hair= not a good look hahaha
ah, happy birthday to you too!! xoxo
LOL Very Excited!!!!
que vem ja e o show do New Found Glory com Four Year Strong. Muito ansioso, haha.
America's Hits on Parade w/ The Pied Pipers will be performing at the Riley Education and Performing Arts Center 4/2/11 Meridian, MS 7:30pm.
Free ticket to WordCamp Austin to 1st #blogathonatx person to find me (wizard hat) & give secret word: "BBQ." Tag you're it. Go!
i got to see my boyfriend yesterday as well. :) and i can't since I'm in class! D:
RT : NWS labels the tornado watch in place in Indiana as a "particularly dangerous situation"
fear or love?It's like the difference between Psychology and Yoga-one is the study of suffering and one is the study of bliss.
RT GOODBYE DICK CLARK! YOU ONLY MAN IN AMERICA WHO ABLE TO DROP BALL AND MAKE IT LOOK GOOD!
RT : Only about 30 tickets left for tonight's show with Salsa Con Jazz! Reserve yours now at www.twofivejazztalk.com
oh, I take you seriously. I just have been busy w/ theory that I remembered I need to reread Berryman to remind me whats pretty
never had nutella? You need to get here STAT!
haha its chill, i was like y she calling me a dummy lol
You must be worthy of the best, but not more worthy than the rest. -Denis Waitley
Someone just told me my writing is good research material. Can't stop laughing haha
I need cable lol
we aren't giving them away for Fernando and Greg's segment for sure, but I'm still getting a lot of callers, haha.
Serena Williams beat her big Sis.. N; a championship game 2day!!!
yea 4 studio media :) oh sounds fun about Emily I really don't wanna talk about it on twitter so just call me wen u get this
dogs crazy too early for a sunday. at least up early to get to work!
's house!!
Lmfao everyone starts bustin up “: Me: You had a girlfriend last semester? : Yeaah...... Fucken bitch!”
If your heart sinks whenever u come across a pic of your ex....Slap your self cause u no they still got u....
Hey Keith, its bella Dyer. Hope you have had a happy new year. keep in touch
Currently in love with " If I die young" by I'm pretty sure I've listened to the song 25x today at work. :( missed then in sac
I swear if i see someone giving Ali hate im gonna go off on them! A kiss on the cheek & the every1 makes a big deal...who gives a shit!
When these lames going mainstream? Haha. Probably never, their limited, stuck in the box. Its a shame cuz they actually have talent
is being extra emo today and has turned my twitter front page into a very dark place.
if i could sing like anyone, i would sing like adele. if i could steal someone's talent for lyric writing, i would steal eminem's.
Is 30 inch hair to long for a 5ft 4 little me...hm
Doing some production with
Nothing is real 'til it's gone.
Since when did winter start?
It's like the soundtrack of Once out here.
i miss my best friend :\
Hi May.
Have a great first day of filming, m'dears!
Stay tuned for an exciting announcement...
Your pinky is the smallest finger but it's capable of holding the biggest secrets.
Maybe when I come of age for running I'll find you around and I'll throw you on the VP side of the ticket and we'll line it out!
only tickets left are for season ticket holder for 2013
enjoyed our pizza lunch and convo. happy to have you visit.
Everyone u meet comes with baggage. Find someone who loves u enought to help u unpack
I love the way Americans spell! I even say see instead zed (:
only if he's cute and pays for dinner
And im rappin on the beats they was supposed to buy, I Guess gettin high off my own supply!
: Thomas Jefferson tryed to end slavery in the Declaration of Independence - it was cut. i knew i hated tracked changes.
Anyone know any good DJ's that are in the #Greek community at ?
you just ask Stew to marry you.
All the more reason why legislators should be careful to protect what the state has going for it.
Don't play with a woman's heart, why mislead a good woman if you know you're not going to love her the way she deserves to be loved.
do you have a favorite news reading app for osx? I love for iPad but can't seem to love anything on a nontouchscreen
It made going to bed at 4:20 in the morning quite difficult. Three games into my AFL fandom and I'm hooked!
call me after the tourny
What is a machine going to do with a $1 million???
Love #Trikortreaters, especially when I open the door and they try to come into my house :)
i'm just like jess, fix my computer now, and you tell me to shut it off, so i do but it kept printing -_- #loveyoutoo !
Online schedule is the best way to know for sure either way :)
Shouldn't have had that salsa
Jeez, Pens. Save some for the next 1-3 games.
September 18th don't forget to check us out of campus for the tast of uptown
I'd they teaching how to Dougie, I'm condoning dropping out
Hey ! Can you talk with me!? Nobody want talk with me!
#IfItWasUpToMe Count Chocula and Boo Berry would #ComeOutToPlay on Safeway shelves twelve months a year
Thank you for your post about Recondo offering the ZirMed ZPay tool to collect credit cards and ACH. We are excited to assit
Say it ain't, so Chucksters. That can't be the way it ends!?!?
Is anyone watching Larry King Live who just saw that bizarre exchange?? Who was that?
I fricken love late night
watching tv. Yoou? (:
im not
Thanks to , faith in house music is resorted.... SHM> EVERYTHING
Thank GOD for padded bike seats. I don't like it when it hurts down there.....No sir.
Alright I'm ready to leave. The weekend can be over now. I want Thursday.
Instead of doing work, all I want to do is sit here and make a list of everything I am going to buy once I win the
The crew had the L2 circuit the plot today - swore he could read a plot. He lied.
they try to "welcome to the jungle" me.....
I just looked out the window only to see that my neighbors have their Christmas tree up already. Are you kidding me?
Doing benefit for charity, lets change the world, who wants in!
Come hang at Kobo Live with us this Tuesday to show some Columbus love to Nashville rockers Hello Kelly!
so pretty!
when is your birthday gorgeous?
is in the lab, doing her thing :) #DoWork So excited have her back.
wtf. is that girl radicalized for life now?
"Is he driving a wagon?!....its not even a wagovan!!! #sheesh" lmao oh conor
Thank you Lord for moving today in mighty ways!
Heat is making drivers absolutely nuts in commuter traffic, yesterday & today. Be careful out there.
nice videos!
Will you be racing the Bristol fall race?
Good Morning! What a wonderful weekend! Getting ready for snow...I can feel it in the air!!! It's going to be so beautiful! :)
yea kimmel usually does well in situations like that...funny but not too offensive or crazy
It is more outward-looking, meaning that the US and Europe will work together to tackle global challenges.
Irritated ...again
Chicago next week!
Time for a swim!
The nurse's job is to help the patients get well or help them to die. -Peggy Anderson
What did she get?
BAGEL FRIDAY
If you got feet problems, I feel bad for you son, I got 99 problems but toe fungus ain't one.
Just filled out my bracket. I got the #packers winning another championship.
The moment when I'm chewing on my ring and realize that I dropped it on the floor ten minutes ago
Attitudes are contagious. Are yours worth catching? ~Dennis and Wendy Mannering
Moaning will not only make you concentrate on what's going on, it'll make him feel excited and want to do more
#BroadbandBreakfast there are many ways to access #broadband platforms that aren't traditional wireline or wireless tools, says Tom Kamber
Dreaming is Believing
bitch I don't like you, fuck off.
thanks for the follow
NO FLUKING , this is our plan and we're going fucking everywhere xD aha Beach & mall & tj xD ahaha idk everything (:
Agreed! Tools can be used for good or bad. Certainly we've seen a lot of good. Interesting how it's used on both sides!
Computer Vision Syndrome and Children: Kids are on the computer more than ever - increasing fears of pediatric eye doctors that they're...
I am. It makes me feel very hopeful!
city lights + full moon = no northern lights
Uh-uh. Not when I'm there!
Im bout to start workin out again, 4sure
Thanks for making #ChickenandWaffles our top selling dish! How about Dutch style Chicken and Waffles with #gravy—no syrup?
can't wait to see you too!
I just got that people are actually saying "Audi 5000!" I always thought they were saying "Outie 5000." #lightbulb!
Good Afternoon :)
We have a great idea for and his timely new OneSheet. The Bright White should be the model for how a band can benefit by this site.
ah I never heard of them until this weekend and now they're everywhere!
Feelin like Mr.Clark all these hoes tryin to lean in me
Words can't even describe my love for Kyle Wiltjer! Hahaha
Everyone wish a happy birthday!!
I finished #DesperateHousewives 15 minutes ago and Im still crying
Wish I was home but grateful that work is going fairly well. I just keep thinking of everything I need to do before Wednesday at home though
"Knock You Down" is like, one of my favorite collaborations and love songs. I mean, really... I could dedicate it to anyone ;)
God will never CLOSE a door w/o leaving a window cracked OPEN for you. Learn from mistakes. Where there's a WILL there's a WAY!!!
That is now my favorite thing in a long time.
just is one on million chance that you follow me 1 i hope that you know that you are 18! we will never leave you justin<U+2665>
nothing much . just school & work. wbu?
Q+A: Steven Wright's History of Humor - Esquire
Hi Bridget! Just stumbled across your name while on Twitter. Checked out your site. Loved the woowoo badass consulting.
Going over philosophy notes for the final tomorrow and so much of it is on war tactics. I feel like I'm preparing to join the army...
happy 4 u
RT : Experience designers are the ultimate marketers. A great experience is the best marketing for your org.
roger that sir! Will be heading down to the office shortly!
At least my picture doesn't make me look like a giant turd!
Finally saw Inception hell yeah!
After years of hiding, somehow I got a letter from the MSU alumni assn. I feel like I'm in back to the future and the libyans have found me
I'm so sad! :( I can't make it to your concert! :( but I know it will be amazing!!!! Have fun
Lots of chatter re Petersen, Patterson & Dungy - what about Gruden?
dude, sorry i missed you. hit me back if / when you get this way.
"Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it". This applies not only to people and countries, but companies as well!
Love it. Inspirational!
hey Chris whatsup?!:)
#NP Like Crazy
#MTV should just change its name to
Today is National Teacher Appreciation Day. Special thanks to my 8th grade English teacher Mrs Blackmer and WHS journalism teacher Mrs McKee
Do you think it's ok for people to call men dicks/assholes/pricks/jerkoffs or what have you? Not being argumentative. Curious.
We have grown so fast. Our council is the same size it was when Austin was 50 percent smaller. That needs to change too.
#Wooster #Scots win fourth-straight #NCAC tournament title. #Wittenberg and #Wabash choked down the stretch, but what else is new?
. Great question! I think this is going to be a gradual shift but we need to get more on board!
thanks, now I know I'm one of your favorites!
#WisconsinBadgers tip off at 6:15pm, at 9:17pm and #HungerGames at midnight. Could tonight get any better?
Thank YOU! - You've done great work here with LSS and we wish you the best of luck with your next big adventure!
pretty much. He has to go pretty deep in Rome and Rafa has to not win the tournament for him to stay
Maybe it was an accident, sure, but if it wasn't it was a selfish thing for him to do.
I'm sad/proud to say I'm right there with you.
Lakers doing they thang yes sir
I saw the dude moments later and he was clearly compensating.
Is writing a new book: "Encyclopedia Brown and the Case of the Haunted Server". Based on a true story.
not going to school.
looking forward to a long night of homework.... not.
I kinda wanna do a sport
Meet you in Aisle 11 tomorrow.
Does vandy think the 3 ball is the only option.
Did you know Cupcake Jones colors and flavors the frosting with strawberries, raspberries, and marionberries!
: t.you! Guess that makes you our rainbow...:)
2,055 years ago Julius Caesar was stabbed to death in the Roman Senate. Bad blood or bad anchovies? Who cares? It’s March Madness bay-bee!
Now you've slapped a $40 reconnect fee on my mother and wicked person on phone won't remove.
We abusing refs now?! Really?! UNNECESSARY
I don't miss the teachers at all xD
"Happy hump day"~~~it's near the end of the work week for me!!! Woohoo!!! ;D
Yes, right! Made it most of the way in pants 1st pg, only about half the way by the 4th!
That's what he told me.
Amen to that!
Best laugh of the day? Listening to my coworker talk to his girl. "You should come over to my spot tonight and we'll get weird". Amazing.
Nick Blackburn, hot damn he's awesome. I love that we've got him on the team and actually let him pitch. He's twice as good as Liriano!
that poor homeless lady, she'll probably never own a house, a truck, dog, or a fishing pole. Thats a sad life -dad
We've decided to play another new song tomorrow night. This one is called "Caged" and it is pretty catchy.
Obama's 2012 strategy: don't be Mitt Romney.
Absolutely! RT“: That is an upside! Good for her. #bcsm”
Heading to DC to see the Cherry Blossom festival and perform with the Julian Lage Group at Kennedy Center this weekend
More a tip than a stipulation. Workshops often entail downloading software, sessions entail taking notes, etc. Real work.
Eh. Not so hot...got maybe an hour of sleep and just worried about them. :( Thanks for asking, though.
Went to the gym and now i just finished eating #Isuck <U+E421>
so true!!
Heading to #altsummit tomorrow, will be tweeting mostly from if you want to follow, but maybe here too. Anyone else going?
Using a loaner from while my Droid is in for service. LG Vortex - cannot fathom why has Bing as default on a google phone
Ipod on shuffle= I'm musically inclined right now bbl (:
MT : I would love for Wisconsin to be back playing baseball...hoping somehow, someway in future we can make that happen."-Bud Selig
2 good drives to work in a row! Thanks plows!
Hey Nate! Thanks for dropping by yesterday. How was your meal?
Can me and Peyton please just get married already? He is pure perfection
Tonight 12pm on we have Anton Bass and & shocking through airwaves...catch you in the mix!
whats your favorite color?
My neighbor can't seem to be still, up and down the stairs, man sit your behind down bro..
is it really?
Johnny Depp is afraid of clowns, yet he can still don wild make-up and costumes to play The Mad Hatter, Willy Wonka and Edward Scissorhands?
Massachusetts voters have you been paying attention to your rising star,if not you should Elizabeth Warren is for the rights of all voters.
Hmm, that Twitter spam message has disappeared from my direct message box. Either I am hallucinating or Twitter is on the ball.
Can I be your lovely assistant?
Come on Packers get in the game!!!
I wonder if Alex & the crew are popular at school tho.
well, I gotta find somebody to buy what I'm sellin' first lol
I'd submit to a Voight-Kampff test, but I'm, uhm, busy.
At Del Boca Vista, making breakfast for myself. Estelle is ironing, Frank is hovering, asking, "how can you eat that?"
im depressed ;(
I give up on this shhh. F### this.
Just because you have one doesn't mean you have to act like one
Need to shop for a b'day gift for myself. Best area in Austin to do so?
haha Nice! Pretty great open!
Welcome! RT : At my favorite Tea House in #Baltimore for the happy hour, pre happy hour.
he probably won't agree on that...
yay!(: I do not! You never talk to me at your locker! Show me your dress tomorrow!
And for my next trick...I will now attempt to get out of bed.
hell yea
The most expensive phone number sold was cell phone number 666-6666, auctioned off for charity in Qatar. It sold for $2.7 million.
ill upload more right now
Behind your image, below your words, above your thoughts, the silence of another world waits. ~John O'Donohue via RT
so i was looking at on of Tyler the Creator's tweets and i found this hilarious guy name steve omg! so funny. looks like a pedophile
I take it my boyfriend is drunk..... that explains it.
Tweeting on poetry with your students? Have you seen the documentary "Louder than a Bomb?" Amazing...
Correctomundo! You got it. =)
How cool is the #NYFW coverage by with , and sharing their thoughts. Loves!
Just did my laundry..Out of clean underwear...Thats not good...
Any tw wishes or thoughts dreams ex. you've had tw related dm us and while tweet it anonymously automatically=)
Welp* no range cause I ain't tell her I was comingg.. ill be back tomorroww..
thanks for the follow! One Love. P.R.P.
Heck yes! Be like That one guy with a flying rug and get here in like 5 seconds. ~ Cocoa beach pier ~
Headed to DIA on the way to Jacksonville for meetings with & of course TacoLu, best fish tacos on the east coast
If only gum was banned and talking with your mouth full a misdemeanor! I've had misophonia for 30+ years. Glad for attention.
Sorry...this one is only open to ages 7-14
it was funny..he started crying and she goes "No..we're happy! I'm sorry." LOL..I'm cracking up.
Catching my plane to Seattle for Immersion!
Headed over to 's house ti load up the gear and take it to the studio. Pumped about what we're laying down tonight. -dg
I think this might be the year LeBron finally gets that ring
I don't think ive ever met someone who is like "yeah I'm a hipster"
yee your on the radio
Smh alot of these bitches cant even fly without their lucky hat ! lmao
Jus out here fammo. Wus good witchu, where yu be at nowadays?? Miss ya ass no homo!!
Just listened to your talk in Wichita. Excellent! One of the best articulated on the subject I've heard yet.
That is a pretty amazing photo.
hah ok I'll walk fast
..of an outside perception, but fewer explanatory words that distance, and more immediacy which is the feeling of horde.
WERE OPEN ON MONDAYS SALON/FULL BARBER SERVICE ComeOut #Oakland #Uptown 1738 Telegraph 5108321100 #Weave #HairCuts #MakeUp Too! --
Worth starting Ball tonight?
Does that involve alcohol? If so, we're in!
The Vatican's Swiss Guard still wears a uniform designed by Michelangelo in the early 16th century.
Devin the Dude in Cleveland on WTR: via
yep. i'll add it. thanks!
thats why I couldn't get ahold of her! Lol do you want me to send you the message instead?
Wow this Duke/Ohio State game is good
Looking forward to our friend Kathy Nickolaus winning us our third straight election.
I need you all to votes and comment www.oprah.com own show then browse vote Put in Dawn Reese Show only one more day left thank you so much
I'll keep you posted :-)
I'll have to check it out! Thanks for telling me=) xoxo
sometimes I go to museums to look cool :/
No I got it. Have a good time. See you tomorrow.
..safe travel: )
Congrats to my wife's alma mater, Lehigh. Go UPS...I mean, mountainhawks.
Good morning, all
I finished #DesperateHousewives 15 minutes ago and Im still crying
He still be givin me butterflies <U+0001F493><U+0001F497><U+0001F493>
It's just another manic Monday I wish it was Sunday 'Cause that's my funday My I don't have to runday It's just another manic Monday
happy birthday bro!!!! Have fun down there!
Dear Vanessa Hudgens, Amanda Crew and Taylor Schilling. I'm jealous. Sincerely, hope you know why.
the twitters usser do vote but it's not just modeling it's also acting and traveling and so much more fun this show is big
yeah,sure. mahomies should help each other right ? :)
If u want sex plz go for safe sex use condoms and enjoy
Thanks Bob, I appreciate it!
Ben, sorry you've had some issues - we have reduced support hours over the weekend, but we'll get to your ticket ASAP!
There's no better audience than a 4 year-old brother if you are a 10 year old practicing magic tricks.
I can only do so much...
THE HAM-BURGLAR IS BACK!!!
#washingtonstategolf There is a new great free golf app out at android and apple app store GolfWashington. Load it on your smartphone.
Your best thoughts come when alone
Awww. Don't give up and put your head in the sand, though. Embrace the ostrich in you. OK I couldn't type that w/a str8 face
we meet at the Hyatt downtown at 12:15.
Pretty varied responses so far! ^BPS
but Wyd up anyway
Shoutt out to the best looking and funniest guy on the planet !!! (: Hoping to get one back
Friends series finale
Today special TACO something to do on Tuesday 'n
lol how r u ?
like can we please be friends this summer?!
Tonight is the first Beer && Code of 2012! Here at the Substantial HQ from 7pm to 10ish. Hope to see you then!
Friends in Los Angeles - Head to tonight to see perform as part of the Locals Only showcase!
That's how I feel
Visit me at goldsssss slowly dying here kids!
that is amazing, I've clearly been using the wrong ones! I've had so many problems with pedometers!
good move.they can finally be real niggas for once..Acc soft
I used to be that cool.. then I found out what sleep was
Omg haha, anyone see snoop on sports center all reggae out with a beard??
Which neighborhood bro? be safe!!
WHAT GREAT FANS WE HAVE.....DOWN 1 RUN IN 6TH. AND THERE READY TO JUMP SHIP.
Recording this weekend =]
Praying for Japan!
When r ppl in my building going to have any consideration.
Pregame goes 3-1 on Super Bowl Sunday picks. Nothing like a great football game, and of course winning some money!!
this go hard
Love you.
Reds bench, as we knew from Day 1...z...
not looking forward to practicing handoffs outside
no ok that's ok it'll be fab
Getting other offers to do shows! Stay tuned Chicago!!!
Yes, DRIVE is on instant. Yes, you look like a real asshole in that jacket.
thank YOU for being here!
And, if any of our artists who Tweet are in Hamburg, please take photos & regale us Stateside, we'll RT & be jealous :)
Mobbing early in the morning
It's raining so good here in the far ne heights. I hope the whole city's getting good and drenched! lol, catsndogs. ;)
I think, by the looks of it....its going to Rock
LOL RT : Is it weird that I'm a San Antonio native but I avoid Fiesta like the plague.
#TheUsociety is a family of Ambitious young men and women that believe in going after there dreams!
Is the future of education in the cloud?
Getting some brownies shipped and then it's time to make some cookie charms. The snowmen are my favorite.
Can imagine if justin is boxing Hahaha justin, justin is that the real blood in your nose or what but ur caption says "kicked by ass" LOL.
FACEBOOK USERS, ADD MY PAGE Chic De Chick, IT IS A FASHION BLOG, PLEASE ADD MEH, THANK YOU <3
I'm out to eat right now and me my mom just had the same fight over me getting the lamb hahahah
What should i do today???
I find myself using LinkedIn more than Facebook. just the next step in social-network evolution -- follow your interests and not just past.
always tell myself that I should go easy the first week back lifting and I still always end up not being able to walk for several days.
my co-worker #DaneHansen hated ur show and now he freakin loves it....can we get him a shout out this mornin fellas
Recently discovered podcast and really enjoying the discussion.
Are you playing in any WSOP events?
(AP) -- Mount Rainier park official says Washington state snowshoer missing since Saturday found alive
I wish I was in Texas!
people wonder why fucked up shit happens to them, but rarely think of the fucked up shit they have done or said to others..
ok. Still painful but everything going well.. Hope to be out Sunday or monday
Hmm... do you think RJ would be willing to share one with Jimmy?
2nd St Jazz Bar in L.A. 2nite, gonna go c Eyeshine:)
I used to love it but the newer episodes are kinda dumb
Redhawk parkway is closed, no million dollars for me tonight :-(
what about us NON LATINOS????
Horny Goat for some
Got the #tuneinradio app. So ready for the return of
I may be #TNG, but I'm still ol' school RT : OMG I didn't know you two knew each other
SO glad you posted this! Just registered (YAY!) & have a perfect song to submit, one I've been wanting to get out there. <U+0001F49B>
... I have a feeling I'm not leaving work until midnight.
Peep 's new project, it's fresh... www.o-dmusic.com
SPECIAL SCREENING SERIES at AIRC in Huntington Park, CA JUNE 12TH 2010 This screening series examines water and our relationship with it.
Hating that I'm like the only single person out of all my friends.
hey nick can you follow me please man
"Pakistan Plane Crash: No Chance Of Survivors" Finally some good news!
shatup go tend some goals
How was the surfing up in Brookville? The river had a bunch of debris this weekend.
>>We Are Providers of Quality #Gifts For #Him And Quality Gifts For #Her…Discounts...Excellent 100% Return #Policy! #FREE Shipping
the kardashians can get black guys cause they got some booty ;) lol
same thing lol.....and feeling a certain kinda way.... -_-
got u
BLOODY MARY and she freaked the crap out. She *still* brings that up. Ah, sibling-hood.
Got pinned today! Oh yea rank 6 of 89.
girrrlllll! This is my ish LOL.... I literally just hollered.
about to go to work...y'all tell me who wins the LAL/DEN game
i don't see how that could ever happen.
so gr8! RT : Glad you saw it! RT : Awesome shout out from about on !
Pumped to see some launches soon :)
Love! Plz RT & Follow: : Stepped outside for my morning #meditation &felt the sensual morning dew grace my skin
Gotta love small towns - call for an eye doc appointment, getting in tomorrow. None of this waiting weeks big-city crap.
i cant spell -.-
omg- 1st Cd Aim & Ignite is amazing! Lmk. :)
Made reservations at Medieval Times for 5pm. Printed out tickets that say we should have been there by 4pm. WTF?!?
thx for tip--the economics befuddle me. w/o external checks, why wouldn't pay-per-use rates be futzed to = exactly what we pay now?
Tomorrows newsletter will be featuring , it's a shame it can't include a dancing video.
#10LawsOfSex U betta shut up and gag!!!
I wish that the iconic and justin bieber follow me
hahaha oh you bet!
#NCAAB my money on Kentucy..yes
My idol in my country & I just came back :( RT : Fun times in the Dominican Republic with the whole family!
Video chatting is like having children, a huge mistake if you want to get through school.
At my school you can't wear leggings under skirts. They will let you wear a mini skirt with a thong but not a skirt with leggings under them
haha some bartenders need to get more acquainted with that skip button
referred to me as his "compadre".
Where was the play on the ball?
hahaha yes, unfortunately.
It's so nice to have a bunch of smart folks say "jump, we've got your back."
Last Thursdays on Alberta..:.
Wondering what new movie is out that I can see while I'm on leave.
“: There is a clear path from control to tyranny! Reminding me that the instinct to control others is the worst human quality.”
Monday is the first of the week,/and I think of you all week./I beg Monday not to come/so that I will not think of you/all week.DianeWakoski
not sure what happened, trying to find out for you.
Yes! We must value ourselves. our lives depend on it. "I do deserve this. It is abt me"-Sheila Nevins
haha yeah. Allyse finally did it.
Daddy Hoy why don't you lay your head in my dirty pillows while you call Bob Moore.
Mom just told Roxi (dog), "This is why you don't have friends. You're so embarrassing." 5 mins earlier mom saw a snake, screamed & ran away.
#MySecondWishFor2012 is for to either RT this or follow me.... Because its 6:27 am and i havent slept and yea(:
Last day of #TXLA12 in the morning. Kind of sad it's over. I didn't get nearly as much free stuff as I thought. Learned a bit though.
- Welcome Elizabeth! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Thanks for the great post Leah!
Yay! My work week is over!
Dude! Tjmaxx! Why don't I shop here for everything??
did she want a treat after?
It's unbelievable how ONE text can make your day! :)
Had fun with yesterday at the mall (: Btw you ARE going (:
OMG BETTER NOT LOSE MY BRACELET
yes, it's not fun what's up?
I have a little crush on China Chow.
Travis! Travis!
R u a serious Hip Hop artist, do u live n Detroit, do u want 2 be apart of an award winning Hip hop documentary? Send me sum of ur music
thank u!
I think it's great that you are running the race for life (: you are such a sweetheart (: hope all is well ^-^
I made Vanessa breakfast instead of my mom. I said it was from Nolan lol.
just like how civil rights takes freedom away from white people
*LIKE* RT : I want to study abroad in England the 2nd semester of my Sophmore year...GOING to make that happen!
He was mad as shit he dropped his ice cream like he turned over a car ctfu
It's the season of twitterpation! Beware hormonal teenagers...
wise wise words.
I validated my page and I have no error but the preview in a browser is a jumbled mess...WOW didnt George Walace do this in 1963
adults should not watch as well. What ever happened to the sitcom?
Live, love, learn three words that never get old.
It's more than just your cuts. Your arrangements matter.
Someone just called to ask if Id like to be a grad assistant. Sure, Id love to make $10/hr to do your slave labor! NOT.
Hello teweeters goodnight
- You got it, Gavin! It's out honor to represent this very talented band.
thanks for putting it all together!
i just did!
You can't give to the poor if you're one of them- Mike Healy
You'll call it fate, I'll call it karma.
Anybody remember the Winnipeg Jets? Wearing my jersey today.
Fuck not having unlimited internet #IAlwaysGoOverMyLimit<U+0001F612>
roger that
pick a day...roll the dice...do something already. Lol
Playing DALLAS today @ 5pm w/ Motion City Soundtrack, The Early November, Hellogoodbye & more!
thanks 4 the follow
Lol at the track team working out to P90X.
#ghettoremedies when i used to have the hiccups my uncle used to punch me in the chest hard as fuck.........hell it worked
ZOO TYCOON<33333
Never assume that someone loves you by their sweetness. Sometimes, you're just an option when they're bored.
congrats and say hi every now and again
Legal Marketing: relationships are key. People want to do business with other people they like and trust. It takes time so be patient.
hmm:/ what do you want babe? Boy or girl?(;
of course any sport
just coolin it tho what's good
Greatest. Local. Blog. Ever. MT : Where Would Jesus Park in #BloomingdaleDC? wwjpinbloomingdale.blogspot.com
can u follow me
THE AVENGERS. WAS. EPIC!
me nd my brother got left in the measum maze all our friends left us nd my teacher was lookin for us nd evelyn crazy day lol
Ray Liotta in 'Something Wild' has one of the great character entrances, courtesy of Jonathan Demme and the Feelies.
I used to sell furniture for a living. The trouble was, it was my own. Les Dawson
me too!
HHS is the good housekeeping seal of Approval.
Shoutout to your Chicago Fans!!!!! (: <3
. But EVERYONE presents at a #thatcamp. And re: BootCamp schedule, we're still massaging that.
LOVING LIFE RIGHT NOW!
yo they still got that Godiva for 5 bucks
Thank you! ;-D
“Masking passwords doesn't even increase security, but it does cost you business due to login failures.” -Jakob Nielsen
cannons being launched straight into the tornado :)
Horrible sound tonight at the Rock Hall event and embarrassingly rotten $8.00 Coors Lites. I'm a fan, but just FYI.
Does anyone have a good password anymore? I'm tiring of these DMs about "a pic about me". Let's get with it.
People are tweeting about storms and posting pics of damage. I look outside. What do I see? The sun. Psh... So unfair.
Light that baby up! Halos offense comes up big and we have a winning streak.
ellen i love you.. you're my idol... <33333333333333333333333333333333333
just stopped at a green light to give the homeless money and to tell him be safe, poor guy could barley run limping
On raising globally minded kids via : Investigate the world. Seek diverse perspectives & audiences. Take action.
Change should come from a creative ideation process- Gsa's Dave McClure
Done w/ math don gota worry bout it!
Great day coaching 2 diff #Agile teams. Amazing how so many teams have similar challenges
If #Santorum doesn't think it's important to protect the Earth, Newt will be more than happy to rent him space on the moon.
Wanted: Kindle Direct Publishing or E Book Publisher that needs a BIG spike in interest. #IHaveAnIdea! Buyers,Writers,Readers,Movies,$$ 1912
Giving a little tour of #NOLA today, a warm welcome for our #JazzSwap co-hosts. So happy to have them here!
I hate seeing old people by themselves :o makess me sad .
Yeah, dude. That's why you're telling us about it on twitter. :-)
#truestory RT #Virgos will give and give of themselves without really allowing anyone else into their inner world.
Woah ... Ham explodes in the microwave after being in there on high for 1 minute and 30 seconds !
see im smart i just knew it gahleeeee lls but im finna go to sleep GOOD NIGHT KKKKKEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNN!!!!!!
RP was the man and he is a top 5 coach. You will see that if you run him off. I must say UK fans r glad you have him though.
Yeah I have a facebook look on my page the link is there.
Outside just verbally commanded my attention. What does it want?
that's a city, nerd! So, who was it??
love easter! cholates and money!
Press release, via e-mail: records at will open to researchers in early 2011
no tweets about the game? Your either a. in the fetal position on the floor or b. biting nails so can't type...
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Would you like to come back to my place? My mom won't mind........
I know, I know...but I did upload two vids tonight :3
My dreams will come true........
Way to go Paranormal!
idk they might
volunteering on co time can be great prof development, but needs to be an agreement between supervisor and employee.
Lady Antebellum Own The Night At Radio City Music Hall
does Rive Tweet?
Gotta love yoga
So relived to hear everything is ok now. :)
lmao The black you've encountered don't... Not all of them. But I understand. Bur trust, their not much different..
Omg just had the hottest thai fried rice in the world!
did i say #FACEBOOK? I meant #TWITTER!
It's about conquering the quarterlife crisis, not waiting for it to pass! Check out the 4 girls doing just that @ stratejoy.com :)
Does anyone have extra dice? Trying to combine truth or dare with craps. Still have no idea what "8 the hard way" means.
lol I'm too lazy to haha. I need to sleep too. Our minds get to racing at night we need our beauty rest
Is 2GB's Alot Of Internet.?
Keep up the hard work. Wdytya training
Nothing at all watching The Notebook! I forgot about the Opry! :(
Sushi for breakfast!
Spread the word at #planningness?! We wish we were there, but alas we must campaign.
he is from Merrillville?? NICE
We've already recycled a load of cardboard and completed a trash haul! On our way to FM 1960 and I-45 for another load of trash!
Ozzie says part of the problem is "lost in translation" theme from Spanish to English
I just wanna pop bottles n chill with the models
mom doesnt have a twitter. ill tell her in person.
Rumors of my slumping demise have been greatly exaggerated.
Thanks so much for following us!
I just registered for the in New Orleans for March 4th. Let the intense training begin!
RT United is just absolutely a terrible airline. "This plane cannot fly because of a maintenance issue." I 2nd that!
& what would that be?(:
Barstow family camping films family saga through summer vacations. Influence of motion picture technology put to use by family
Austin should do a shirtless ustream omg <U+2665>
A5: although quality trumps quantity any day in my book
Oog! Good book!
Got to try some tasty lobster crabcakes on today's show, thanks to ! Love the newest issue featuring the King brothers!
I sure do! #Smash needs me I just wrote the ending to Bombshell and it's good! Lol
no prob man! Get out there and tear up some trails this weekend!
I need my researcher to not come until I finish my tea.
Day 6 of Nona and the kids being in Ghuatemala. I think I'll shower today.
Hoping the clouds clear for the weekend!
The town
perimeter mall no joke. I'll see if I can find another.
congrats. is this for the columbia or fordham position?
The mfs some of you bring in my mentions <<<
Wow kate upton, where have you been my whole life
Definitely agree.
Thanks for the RTs and Mentions! Happy Friday :)
RT : Every1 in #ABQ should be able to see a very large sun halo in the sky right now. Use polarized glasses / this is totally true
: Playing in the dirt again?
This new Alcatraz show is garbage. Done!
RT : 80% of Americans believe education system is broken, yet 80% of parents think their schools are fine - Jon Schnur
Pleasant morning, beautiful afternoon, and now this awful night. Somebody shoot me please.
Point is many restaurants missing out on the economic recovery while others are notably grabbing larger % of consumer discretionary spending
In 1952 EHW said"I do not believe I have heard any reason why certain people collect, however I am sure I did inherit the desire…"
Don't forget... Stock up on BUENO® Grandma's® Tortillas at your local John Brooks - 4 for $5 through April 14th!
20 days to get a 80 in algebra. I hope I can do this
the only thing I don't like about my class is that some of them can't stop talking during the movie..like come on!!
RT : Awesome, hope you give us a try! p.s. #ManStyle hashtag is farking brilliant
Thanks! Bring your friends to enjoy our great dogs and other fixins!
Droid vs. iPhone is about as "versus" as fish are better than giraffes. Meh.
My insperations. CarrieUnderwood and I love you all!<3
Give me the keys you fucking cocksucker.
I'm going to try and tweet more.
Woke up with a headache
is your BBM still down?
LeBron took 2 shots in the 1st quarter - but he had 5 assists and shot 7/8 from FT line.
I'm glad that I tuned into the #Royals Hotstove show to be reminded of how much better the #Tigers are.
yes haha in the boys bathroom in the commons
Lax on tweets lately .. Last Night I sang along to Michael Buble, Bing Crosby and Ella Fitzgerald on the way home from
Do you need air purification In the Dallas area call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
I went up to dis Asian bitch to ask a question and she replied I'm sorry
Thunder Alley is packed out!
hey there.. how are you? Haven't heard from ya for a while.. thanks for the mention today!
awe mi amor mwah mwah I love you my hubby wubby<3
This weekend's gift card winners are BARB ANDRES and SYDNEY ANNE HEATH. Congratulations!
Sounds good!
Come do a show in Dallas please!!!! :-)
C.E.O.'s to Celebrities check us out at www.bcnconcepts.com
I would like to strangle IE with ties
THank you
Good morning friends! Another crazy day of shooting yesterday...and today...and tomorrow...
: Online #poker has bipartisan support in Congress. Please back on Payroll, Unemployment & Medicare Committee!
were a family now baby <3
Thanks 4 the follow! Have a great day!
2/1/1784->Lafayette:I am become a private citizen on the banks of the Potomac & under the shadow of my own Vine & my own Fig tree
Taco Bell's new slogan is "Live Mas." Uh, not by eating there.
They were adorable
You are in luck! Check out the online singing academy with You'll love it!!!
Dear MBTA Red Line- thank you for giving me more sweat-dripping, body-to-body action this morning than I've had in the past month.
That's tonight too?? Have fun! <U+0001F618>
What a pass by Lebron. Some things you just can't teach.
so you're doing bio notes which means you have your book so why couldn't you find it
I'm under the weather today, and all this week. I miss you Tweeps... I'll return as soon as I am 100%
Got ur cd Puto. Had to pay 5 bucks for it but ur 1 of 13 fans left
It's beautifull out! :D
How are you set for the 2011-2012 season with Cycling Videos? We are offering a Fall Sale NEXT WEEK – stay tuned
oh london
Happy Friday everyone! I am looking forward to some Easter fun with my little guy. :)
that new female artist look just like #Aaliyah crazy very crazy lol.
Say what
is twittered out.
Strauch: Probation is "not appropriate because of what the defendant chose to do that day & the pain she caused this family."
Humby you ain't nothin' but a whack gumby, gonna knock you off your pedestal like that cracked up humpty dumpty
better not go to sleep!!
my sister I love this girl happy birthday for the second time. : ))
well congratulations!
Ramsay presented a pressed pork belly on the F Word, Season 1 that I've always wanted to do. Looked GREAT.
Reading the Bible then going to bed. Goodnight Twitter :)
I do think KS is doing something fresh, though. The relationship piece and cutting out middle-man change funding.
They don't talk about it because they know I'm right but they're afraid to agree.
Getting ready for a ride on the mountain, first day back should be interesting.
$200 for referrals
People who have good relationships at home are more effective in the marketplace.
Holy shredded leg/shoulders batman, for a chick who makes swim workouts on the fly, I'm doing something right.
Directioners Love One Direction Moms <U+2665>
i have my own style of promotion, that is what I call my artistry!
What do I win??? A Visit???AWESOME!!
wow! Had no idea it went back that far, although it has an anachronistic ring to it. Thanks! Great title.
Strange move by Obama, I guess he is trying to get people to forget the economy.
he lead the league in steals for for like 3yrs..cmon u reaching Gs lol
Blk girl gets mad because I don't want tar pussy lol like come on if your that dark on the outside then yo fish must be over cooked
I just send my email
If #kanye in the AM doesn't make you smile. Idk what will
Depends on the agreement reached btwn Freegal and the library.
I saved my goatee and left a legendary for quatro de mayo. Only getting questioning looks at the office.
absolutely....having a meeting with Josh this week about it....thank u very much....
Nothing better then excitement towards a new project!
Have a great weekend! Value your family and make it special. Each day truly is a gift!
If either the NHL and NHLPA or the House and Senate learn how to cooperate with each other, I'll be happier. Hasta manana, y'all!
you're catching on to this tweeter thing! Somebody dropped J-Roll in one of my leagues... Should I pick him up?
I don't care what yall say but Vicki is a sexy mfer....... The light skin Vicki
These professors need to put my grades up as soon as possible. Please and thank you.
“: Mindset for today: Don't ask 'who is going to let me?' Instead ask 'who is going to stop me?' Powerful distinction.”
To be honest I just want to sleep today. And I want my car back.
": Good morning tweeps..."morning
Watching finding nemo with in Critical thinking!
lolol I missed her today..she always leaves me alone now during lunch & 7 period.. -____- but yea tomorrows friday ^.^
In love with the name "Tyler". Such a cute and beautiful name :)
Me too “ I want some wings b ..”
12 minutes in and #Texas is 1-15 from the field for 2 points!
Shit I'm sleepy. I need some sleep.
I heard about the good news... Congratulations! We're all doing big things in the chapter right now!
THIS THURSDAY MAYBACH MUSIC TAKES OVER #ECHELON3000 LIVE WELCOME TO MY HOUSE PARTY LADIES FREE ALL NITE LONG
All surf nazis must die!
Yes. MiniBük is a product of Access Laserpress--my company.
haha. I haven't noticed that yet - needed the laugh!!
Ah!!!! *deep breaths... deep breaths...* people are so frustrating I can't stand it.
a lot of those drop-off followers were fake spam accounts. You don't want them anyway! ; )
inappropriate touch cringe
I think util:collection-name() is what you want for
Kickstarter is up and running! OINK!!
old school…that shit was monumental for me
thanks for making the convention a great success! Looking forward to next year already!
Siberia contains more than 25% of the world's forests
If you really want to break in China, I've got the person to talk to. Not kidding.
Playing with Peter Buck at Steamers tonight, also with Willis Clow and Dominic Thiroux. I love this band. Buck's Vibe! 8pm and streaming.
Just saw some jerks drag a trashcan and a bench into the street, and some nice folks cleaning up their mess
that's okay I know you favorite me on the inside ;-)
i guess i can deal w/ tonight, but you can forget about that week shit
• Feel like I made my debut on tv...
Happy Early Birthdayy!!:) My Birthday is April 24th<3 We have the same birthday month ;) Follow me??
3 shows to go. At Universal
It's so hot chocolate melted in my pants :( San Francisco bay area photographer
When a kid puts a beer chuger in his mouth you know hes going to be a baddass.
#SophomoreYearTaughtMe stay with your true friends and fuck the rest. Don't trust nobody.
: FYI :) RT : Celebrate #OpeningDay! Buy 1 cupcake, get 1 free when you wear hat or apparel on April 5
Needed: An app that tells me how many hours it would take to read my entire Amazon.com wish list, given my reading speed. Any API devs??
Y dont people look @ their past & C their mistakes 2 be4 they start judging others Only God has the rite 2 judge me so live up 2 n accept it
Enjoying a lovely afternoon in my quiet backyard before the mosquitoes are back in full force and humidity saps the life out of everyone.
Is emerging structure more complex? ML Kennedy thinks not, also points out libraries have new direct line to university president.
u still do workouts in milwaukee or u done here?
Love "Starship Troopers" too. Sucker for Verhoeven of any stripe.
Stan Hochman: Hand vows to create fitting Frazier tribute JOE HAND IS going to build a statue of Joe Frazier. No ifs, ands or buttresses
idk...been do'n a million thangs on this ol' android...i'm back on now tho...
Sorry. It's the web service not recognizing that code. Paste this into Spotify's search: spotify:track:5f6igUw1asUL4AGXSvgTW8
The suggestion of Babysitters Club isn't Kindergarden age..the "junior" version of them with Karen is meant for 3rd grade
i find it comforting that their algorithm sucks. it thinks im male 35-44. and i look at pregnancy/mom sites regularly now.
Thanks Jason!
I missed you too!
I bearly tweet anymore...
I hope so! If it doesn't... MORE SPEECHES
you cant even twerk!!! You cant even move it!!
You gotta appreciate an AG who calls us cowards about race, but when a guera brings up race, to delve into it, she is playing the race card.
I apologize for being myself do I offend your punk ass?
How everybody feelin on this beautiful day
I LOVE her fashion and I would love to meet her & possibly raid her closet=) lol Dolly definitely a
in other news, I still don't care about tim t's politics.
catching up on last season of South Park
you're welcome!
BIRTHDAY FUN HERE I COME!!!
Demo begins today in on Cloverleaf Mall, a multi-million dollar revitalization effort
Its been over a year i started in head over heels but he messed up then i stepped back nd he stepped up!! This year we is just lovin!!
More #ff love to our new followers
So true!!
My first tennis lessons.
Cultus ChiChi is now on Twitter! YAY! :) check us out www.cultuschichi.us
what happened to october?!
baby,the day I'll stop loving you is the day SpongeBob will finally have his license.
Someone please save me <U+0001F612> ...
Family today (:
fuck you clown!!!
Days with really good upper lift and a good after school scrimmage are the best.
So which station is playing a "Mommie Dearest" marathon today? Bravo? Logo?
Oh my #brandival so much dancing and magic! Thanks
#Kobe is on fire, the masked mamba is going at it early.
Smiling is my favorite exercise......
Silkwood shower. RT : Purell. RT : Hugged a reporter yesterday. Still feel kinda dirty.
The # key is called an OCTOTHORPE
What? He clearly proved he could do a period piece in KINGDOM OF THE CRYSTAL SKULL.
Good morning and happy Sunday!
The team just beat the defending national champions, , to advance to the #FinalFour in LA!!! Happy Flyer Alum!!!
Transportation to NYC: you get what you pay for.
#Panthers have two primetime games AND play in #DC?!! I'm a happy camper right now.
It must have been a Ceviche night, sold out in 2 hours!
Facebook won't load. Erg #twitter >>>
What if I came to visit? Could that earn me some amazing caramels?
lol!! Damn, i hate onions as well, the smell alone is enough to chase me away!
As soon as Hudler said "here comes Hoch" I got nervous!
this is exactly what I'm saying since its 1:30 in the morning.
Temporarily blocked from FB again. I posted a picture of a bicycle seat that had a dildo attached. Someone was offended and reported it.
this is your world. shape it or someone else will.
you get the track
you'd be surprised
#_Wrestlemania28 (Punk vs. Jericho) Fans lookout. There are people sharing virus claiming u won a WrestleMania prize. Report n Block.
Omg I wanna get my 3rd hole pierced !
Try a slice of our orange yogurt coffeecake --- moist yogurt coffeecake with orange zest!!!!
Of course ;) I just thought it would be fun to comment.
Seen Italian Primitivo labeled at Zinfandel, never as Plavac though. This mean Plavac is getting hot ? :)
So close to our 1st GIVEAWAY!! Only need 71 more followers and one of you will get a super cool PRIZE PACK!!!
We share something so common Still so rare, uncommon all Never been here before
What I need from u is understanding baby niggas gon mess up somtimes! Thats life
Have a question for the Northwest's most reputable angel organizations? Ask away! They will answer at our 3/1 vLab, 'Meet the Angels.'
bottling our Hop in Top, Fire Light Ale and Witty White Wheat on the 22nd, if all goes well
Wow I did not notice that the vice president of a&g followed me, it's very nice to meet you.
I think this it's all getting lost in the translation on twitter. I was not bullying ANYONE and was busting your chops.
My interpretation was Noah got drunk and Canaan raped him.
I've been waiting a month for some news. This week is the week!
Do straight men go to the opera?
Please don't dress like a slut unless you're really a slut. It's very confusing to us guys.
. , looking for those photos. Thank you for reaching out.
Nice of u to offer but, no thanks. Did you see the text I sent you about the kid that looks just like jakeeyp?
Samsung Galaxy S3 Launch Live Updates
WHY IS NO ONE ELSE EXCITED ABOUT THIS????!!!!
#pancreatic cancer #advocacy day #call in - Tuesday WWW.pancan.org
Panel highlights via : future of digital includes "predictive engines" that target you based on future behavior.
Fair point! The direction is +/% jump is high BUT 18/500 is not nearly good enough!
I do not like -_-
Mom told my 9-year old that she's talking to the Big Guy. My daughter replied, "Santa?" Hello Monday.
well shit just got depressing
Whew! #TGIF!! Now, it's time to get ready to party TONIGHT! Come out to CUVEE for MUEA's #Birthday Honors starting at 9p
it wouldn't bother me if she went down in a fiery plane crash. Lol
" an ego that has a void, very dangerous." I.M.O. Debatable "in this case". I would/have fear/feared a overactive ego more.
Hey man, did you ever decide if you wanted that small Timbers kit? Wanna try to sell it this week to get the donation before Sat.
No prob! We love connecting #Rochester's thinkers, doers, and ideas worth sharing, so stay in touch!
"We added up our assets and there were none," #Obama on when he and Michelle got married. Says they just paid off student loans 8 yrs ago.
hm, maybe this joint is too high class. the toilets ARE indoors, here.
Looking for feature doc editor for Email reel to . Paid gig, shoots summer. cc: RT
your not human
haha having some troubles today babe or what? How you been?
tell her I said yes!
On a lighter note, the x factor is on
Unfortunately those went fast. Sorry!
Yup, goodnight twitter <U+0001F614>
I'll Be Back In The M Tommorow Hit Me Up Im Making Moves - BAM!!!
It feel a lil like summer n the winter time n Minneapolis Danm......
I've lost a ton of respect for you. You're no longer a journalist, you've become a ESPN flack.
#follow Vanessa has beautiful crafted unique jewelry when you like something special
this RLE video totally just said 's name wtf niq what did you DO
I agree. We were guessing that it's probably produced to appeal to a more mainstream Hollywood tourist audience.
its a shame...
A little go-go dancer in training!
you just want to see
In many European countries, tradition dictates that any man who refuses a woman's proposal on Feb 29 has to buy her 12 pairs of gloves
indeed plus video
Vancouver fans have alot of disdain for NYR's. Especially Messier.
Roll Right In -- songs about booze on for the #FolkMarathon! Uh oh, now I wanna hit the bar!
Cleaning my room only to find soap on the floor
CODY SIMPSON IS MY FRIEND ON FACEBOOK <3 !
But I ain't Santa I got something for these bad bitches too
Does anyone know why there is what looks like Aladdin's lamp on the City of Austin Seal?
perfect! Let's get this ball rolling!
Catching first good night of sleep since Wednesday after filming #Prism. -JO
You eat an a$$? No *faints*
Agreed, but most "anon" papers are findable by web search, and what ed would really reject a big name? Anonymity is just gatekeeping
Support our Artists at Poised Creation! They support charities in your community!
Finally Cargo goes yard with an opposite field shot!!!
let's do this thang!
she is going to be on the final episode ;D
At Zach Colliers concert!
Survivors of military jet crash say "no amount of money" will ease their pain. They were just awarded $17 million in damages by a judge.
I just registered for the #GMAT and after which felt the sudden urge to run around the room flailing my arms in a panic
Yup, at home for a sanity check. It was too early, so the BBQ wasn't out yet. But, that website found me a quiet zone. So a push.
Whoever wants to get owned in cod; add me on live, I just got it. SaInT NiCk 77
got back yesterday!!! :)
Anyone wants to commute together to #SWRedmond from Downtown Bellevue at 6pm?
At fiore's excited for the dance tonight!!! I'm gonna show off my moves.... If I had any lol ;P
Just was kickin it with developing our master plan. Sellin tickets to his show with only 15$ hit me up!!!
Unemployment Sucks, Consider Culinary School
Peppers In Broad Ripple Saturday Night!!!! Be There!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Circu Du Sole boys at the Golds Gym Milwaukee while I work out! ;)
Now Desmond Jennings has more homeruns than Carl Crawford this #postseason also!
HOLY SHIT THEY BOTH MADE IT OH MY I CAN'T. HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE.
The Washington Co. ReStore has BRAND NEW KitchenAid stainless steel hood vents for sale for cheep! Can you tell your members?
Good actors are so captivating!
Taken for granted.
I never had one of course.....(crickets)
..."There's a dialogic structure underlying the text, and through dialog we can access that." Social constructivist model of learning.
#SometimesIWonder If I would've stayed stuck-up? Huh that's a good question!!!
Days are weary. Each day of Sierra LaMar's disappearance Overwhelming. Resolution!!!!!!
I wish book club would just die
I'm going with the #Rangers & #Devils tonight!
Sounds great Janet!
When is assault not aggravated
Our marriage functions through Twitter. It's the only way we can be sure we're reaching one another.
just got a new phone without any numbers, so text me your name or hmu on twitter.
We hope you are enjoying this Cinco De Mayo with friends! Have a great Saturday!
Lincoln: "In giving freedom to the slave, we assure freedom to the free . . We shall nobly save or meanly lose the last, best hope of earth.
i paid $15 for this shitty internet on the plane that won't play netflix or hulu... argh!
Bitches going to be getting fucked tonight
Haha waking up to the smoke detector...
Ha! Thanks! REK is very quotable... Might have to do another one.
Frantically writing a history essay due tomorrow hahaha
I have no ps3 no more or live lol its my bros but ill ask him what it is and ill tell u ya dig lol
its going fine the train was very empty at first but when we arrived in dc it's filled to capacity to chicago
I'm seriously about to give jessie away.
Has a really bold-flavored potato salad recipe. The secret is Miracle Whip.
Really enjoyed tonight's #teaching2030 discussion. Off to grad school work. Then grading. Maybe sleep eventually.
Snuggle time with the roomies
“: up working on this crack! i will return like never b4”-- Blue Friday da shit....
thanks for answering. It looks good.
Lovin the bulbstorm massage chair before home. No idea why this isn't the best seat in the house? Maybe cuz it's hard to tweet.
Guess who's coming to See your show tonight ?
We like to follow local NEO twitters to show support for CLE.
We'll be performing in the "Super Serious Show" on Thursday, January 20th @ Smashbox Studios in Culver City! 8pm!
Need to lose weight? Don't forget to take vitamin D every day.
Most #Muppets are left handed because the puppeteers use their right hand to control the mouth.
Yo that was a scary ass commercial.smoking sucks
Without a collective voice, vets are looked upon as being shell shocked footnotes within society! The freedoms of the US are as result of US
Big shout out to our new followers , and Getting us over the 250 Followers mark.
Lets just hope that there is something we can do to make this happen.
RT : Hertz: The ipod wasnt that successful, Apple started making major gains only when itunes store launched
Some gem is in your FA pool.
YES. i did it, and then ended up crying like 5 times at dinner. but it still looked good! it really is
going to have lunch with 's stephanie lecci- Milwaukee's Terry Gross.
just sent you an email
Really? Now that I think of it.. I think Lea does it, too. Haha. I shall try it someday.
Unbeaten halves streak snapped at 14... #SportingKC trails 1-0 on Myers own goal
Help: Are there any celebs who have come out *against* gay marriage since Obama's announcement?
#KissMyAss i'm not his best friend, DJ is
A little 2k12
best part was when my wife called my son's date by the name of his ex-gf.
Thanks for the replies, mentions, favorites and retweets last week (Part 3):
Who can I help next and how? "B" Used | BELOW THE BRIM LLC
Gooooaaaalllllll!!!!!! Thank you Sergio!
This Lil Boy Said Tats Coming Soon But His Ass Cant Even Get Up And Go To School And He's A Senior And I Called Him "Lil", He Aint Tho Lol
Hey, I just noticed you caught the Ivy Bridge presentation and #upcea and then your twitter bio cracked me up. Ha, I like bears.
#OnlyIf she was mine :/
the new iphone is goin have siri lie becuz wen askd wats the best smart phone? it would answer lumia 900, now it goin to answer iphone
thanks! 2 lights...open octa and soft fill. It's all about the ratios!
Justin should have won.
I need to check my email .
Put some stankk on it!
Me too :) RT I so thoroughly enjoy eavesdropping on Just saying.
out of all the Jerks he had to be one of them . ! t-_-
what time? Is there a solid crowd shot of the attending Omeganauts?
You guys been in touch w Deb A?
RT - ROB GRONKOWSKI from your NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS joins Toucher & Rich NEXT!!
I wouldn't mind spending forever with you.
Ace of Cups tonight to celebrate a 30th birthday. Two Cow Garage on the bill.
this tweet is taking away from valuable non-balanced time. ;p.. I am glad that this writer understands. Thank you for the share.
Couldn't agree more! Go Lakers!
We will pay $100 for your old sofa!!! We will pay $100 towards your new sofa purchase if you bring your old one.!!!
Justin tried to do a 'Nana' part in boyfriend .. it was sorta a fail.
It didn't, but it does now.
and starting a new play. So very happy with the current situation
I'm dating Niall. He just pretends he doesn't know me cos he doesn't want me to get hate. Such a sweet boy :')
I will miss seeing you at SPNHC this year. Now you'll be the only one tweeting.
Congrats buddy. Where at? You around glenview tonight?
Don’t miss your three favorite library magazines all together in one booth - #1539/1541!
ok I give up
"It's something unpredictable but in the end it's right." - My feed. "It's right, I hope you had the time of your life." - My crush's feed.
www.soundcloud.com/djdmannyc enjoy some mixes
I need to sleep <U+3160>.<U+3160> can I sleep with oppa tonight? :3
yes u r rite
Not gettin respect <
NFL draft today! #letsgetit happy Thursday to everyone.
Yes it is, thanks for the suggestion!
“: I'm feelin a full out Twitter war.... #classic” #fightforfreedom <U+0001F609>
yes I watch it before I go to bed on adult swim lol . It's the funniest shit on right now
Tevas and black socks look great on the docks at Woods Hole.
how I used 2 cook u breakfasts on Sunday mornings n we would chill n shhh lol I miss those days
Aww, where's Mickey when you need a hug??? RT : Disney is not being magical right now!!!
K-Rod?!? More like, "LAME-ROD!" Sorry for the language up there.
congrats, my fellow #shareholder !
And the #Packers select ... Nick Perry DE from USC
Hey Brian! How's your evening?
Cutest things ever!
Enjoy the trip! Sounds fab. I'm jealous
I vow to only read the money&sports section of the news.. people are fucked up more and more everyday
Getting closer to completion on my project. Must work. :)
M. Homemade bread with lunch :)
plz follow me :)
Agreed about the NY part! RT : Hi Dre! From what I hear, very little is available there. Make your way to NY!
that's what you said last week when you were off too.
Me Too lol I swear it would be one of the best seasons
Same bullshit, different person.
I like it rough. ^_^
I found weisswurst without problems. Challenge accepted.
Last night was crazy! Rewind!!
Marlon Brando's motorcycle from "The Wild One" is worth an estimated £500,000 or $659,682.28; however, no one knows where it is.
Fun improv for cell phone audition this morning for friend! Went to say hi afterwards to Danielle Eskinazi on same flr, just missed ya!
20 yrs ago we anticipated a surge in crime that never came. Shouldn't we change our policies to make up for that mistake?...
- Yes it's the Ravens or Yes 4 a potential sideline pass hook-up? ;) re: Beau Brinkly workout
Concentration of power. Privacy. Spreading the love around, etc. Never a good idea to put all your eggs in one corporate basket!
Any chance Watson, E. Moore, and Cameron knock Alex Smith off the roster?
it says the poll is closed?
So fucking mad
does anyone have strong opinions about whether I should choose The Sound and the Fury or As I Lay Dying for an exam list? I'm uncertain
Ah this day is amazing... Last Thursday in MHS ever!!
Condolences to the family of Jesus Maria Gamez I (Jesse). Jesse was a great man,never forgot his humble roots,civil rights & RIP
round of applause how much do you love Jac?
Dodgers up (:
Thanks for the shout out!
Tempted to sing along with Bohemian Rhapsody in the #library. "Nothing really matters to me."
. Also, did I mention that Brice (co-owner) just took 3rd in the Asia Regionals?
i would nurse him back to health.
Has Evanston been caught in a temporal wake for the last decade? How have so few things changed?
When people think I'm 17, max<<<<<
Oh, I know they are very good. Just didn't see them matching up well with Pens.
i do
It's Always Some Stupid #thingsgirlswantboystodo Like...Pay For Dinner...What Do I Look Like Ted Dibiase Out This Bitch?
Outside of his flukey September last year, Morel has always sucked. A career .631 OPS speaks for itself.
Yeah, did you check out Cold for June?!
I smilind & realizin my mom did it all for my bein a single parent is hard for her(:She works 2 shifts just to get stuff that i want & need.
You done goofed. x)
I don't have any contacts in this phone...but really idc to ask either so don't take it personal if u don't hear from me
Maybe tomorrow...i'm giving up tonight. RT : wanna chat? You have my number don't you? I'd be happy to help....
Not gonna lie, feeling exceptionally down today. BUT-helped a little old lady across Wilshire, so there's that. is my witness!
Off to PHL for overnight flight to Berlin for TC46 meeting
Relevant messaging via Cross-Channel Marketing built on Consumer DATA should be *the focus* for next 10 yrs. at
Kobe is a ball hog
I don't know what you call it when you mix Hennessy & grape ginger ale, but I'm on 3rd ya'll!
I miss the office! There are only so many good talks I can have with cats!
good morning to you!
are free falling, someone please get them a parachute!
2 hours early for work today. Oops.
You made my point: current climates & constituent landscape is far more complex than most comprehend. So easy strike: condemn all
Good to hear that. #IMeanThat Its been 2 the best so far on my end. Glad things coming together, so NO complaining this way
Today is brought to you by the letter B! Boobs, booty and booze!
Haha, aww! Junior year is almost over though! You've held out this long. This is the home stretch! Haha, I really love DA.
I'm sure your throat can take a beating. :-D
Last ever community jam at #starerose on Alberta. 'I want to thank you for lettin' me be myself -- again.'
Excited that is going to help our team suit up this afternoon.
Good morning Albuquerque let's get printing!
This day in 1955, Charlie Parker died of a heart attack in New York City while watching Tommy Dorsey's Orchestra on television. He was 34.
Here are three things you can do to recover from a crash. 1. Pres Ctrl + ALT + Delete Then start task manager, under the application tab...
Happy Easter everybody!
Dude didn't even go after his missed dunk..
Check out my single "Shine Your Light" which I released back in June earlier this year. Check it out on iTunes, Rhapsody, and Amazon as well
Agree on Hickory, and on the south end, Shelby, with mountains in view and Bridges Barbecue.
Apologies to those whose events and openings of earlier this week were missed.
I watch #AroundtheHorn and see unbiased intelligent sports media men in Smith, Ryan, and Cowlishaw and wonder how Woody Paige is still on.
We've been doing so well on Kickstarter we've decided to give 20% of anything we make in the last few days to the tribal women in the film.
man I heard Brock quit I'm sure its part of the story line I just forget to watch on mondays
Arf! I hope you're enjoying #NationalTrainDay. :)
"Oh my God, I ADORE Santa Barbara" - some guy
getting those nose grinds ;p
Just got home, always nice to clandestinely arrive at an event, compete, and steal a medal!
that "at Trattoria on Pearl" part is what's definitely missing her in Castelli Verdi...
Sometimes you show no interest, and sometimes you show too much interest, make up your fucking mind, will you?
finalizing my 2012 budget today TRYING TO MAKE ROOM for a Florida trip this summer for and to doanother live
it says there are no updates available...oh.
haha you gonna be in town today!
yes I am. Just found out this past summer
Lmfao too bad you still do. Don't you lie to me.
They should be banned. ": HOLY SHIT NEIGHBOR PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAR ALARM"
hm not good
ready for August to be here #vacationtime :)
Belly putters piss me off!!
#IAFF2903 two...the Citizens of Lacey zero
just did
Very cool, but bummed the cbc link was broken. Srching on cbc yielded nothing. Mary played it a couple of years ago at Taylor.
Teaching eric yanish how to make popcorn on his first day at the zoo!
Hop yo pretty ass up in this fuckin car
All 15 Milw Cnty Parks golf courses open officially today at Currie Park with the ”100 Person Swing” tee-off at noon. Join us!
Thank you! :0)
the beginning/is for those that sleep
Here comes a bunt.
Feeling alone.. The Army's up the road. Salvation a la mode and a cup of tea..
i know it's not gonna happen, but that's what i would want, cause he has been worthless. Quiz is much better
did you watch?
I have poppet lite and am sharing it with teachers. What do you think about the full version?
Microsoft bought skype for 8.5 billion dollars ... Idiots !!!! They could have downloaded it for free !!
Don't complain about someone not trusting u if you're not acting trustworthy.
Yes, and I'm driving to VA to see it with old friends at midnight like a bunch of rebellious 12 year olds.
Tat in 2 weeks turn 16 in a few days an a job at KI (: Let's go #hyped for my tat(: <3
Back at work and feeling stressed? Try deep breathing to clear your head and re-focus.
That's his serious face
I know. Oh well. Next year ... RT : Yes! I thought of you there and realized we never indicated where we would be.
reading about start-ups for collaborative networks of doctors & patients; seems inevitable but not anticipated by security/privacy regs
Look for all the amazing vendors working show on March 27th!!! Check out the tunnel of love!
thats so sad :(
glad you understand! It amazes me that people around the country are still surprised about how much we (BBN) care about...
My plan for this week is to assemble my first QAL blocks. Can't wait to see the finished quilt top.
nop capitalist slavery means that to survive you have to consume and work therefore you don't have that choice anymore
we agree Rick...Most Engaging Athletes on Twitter Pt. 2?
Congrats on the NV Award tonight! enjoy it...
Over obsessive exes <<<
George please stop. Your 15 followers are going to get a bad impression of me.
No problem!
yeah blonde attract them but brunettes keep em, so I figured I try something new and go back to my natural!
Big S/O to Iman Shumpert for comin through Bounce Sporting Club for
How dare you?!
Pool closed for the season at Luxor hotel Las Vegas
Five days eating my way around Southern India - lower intestines set to explode in three...two...
Telling people their hair smells good
When My Foot Is Completely Healed And I'm Done With My Therapy, The First Thing I'm Doing Is Working Out!
Oh damn...now were prolly gonna have porn sites cuz I said girl on girl!!! LOL
Ok it is that time....have to be up early to make some calls. These are not the ones I want to make, but have to...a few folks here who know
That session sounded interesting. Hope you share more about what they say.
Great meeting you last night Great event too. Can't wait for the next one!
posted the link to denzel's video on Chrystee's fb page
“: life of a momma” I know, I know! =0p
Say hello to another prominent VOICE in New York. You might recognize it ...
Free pizza at Preds game from !
fOLLOW BACK PLEASE <3
Santé! RT enjoying a homemade Hummingbird cocktail while making dinner
Thanks for eveything good luck in Cincy #PatsNation will miss you.
My fireman is in route :)
Great week Bonamour! Congrats to Dakota Rea's team in Dallas, 24 appointments set with new team prospects, nice work!
There are no words...
nor should you have to. Doesn't mean your not a good team mate. People have unreachable expectations for players to often.
We just got in mud-flap lady silhouette decals. 2 piece sets for right and left side of window/car. 1/2 price. Only $3.00 a set.
I absolutely cannot stand United Airlines. Most unorganized customer support I've ever dealt with. 5hrs of my life wasted.
who's in the pic with u can't really see it ?
That boy is sexy fine.
... Don't I know it. I tried to calculate how many edits it would take... And gave up!
he's now outside talking to his hot friends. YUM. well one of them is super short and not that cute but whatevs
Back in Chi-Town for a 30 hour whirlwind
using Dropbox for sharing non-sensitive docs, on-campus secure email for sensitive docs, and SpiderOak for the in-between.
The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost
This just bad basketball to start this game! Bad shots! Bad turnovers! & all of the above! WTF!
Hahah ...umm ouch...RT : "I refuse to believe that corporations are people until Texas executes one."
How can I get to the formal tonight?! I wanna play with and hmph
this guy deserves a shirt for sure
I have so so much to tell you katie. Please please please call
i sent you a friend request
Sorry I didn't take your advice, dear. Had to go with the black & red/orange. Already have shoes that will match perfectly!
hey we had an off game. Still gonna be a number one seed though!
Playing the Dell's Children's Hospital Benefit tomorrow at Nutty Brown Cafe in Austin! Set time has changed again - it's 7:15-7:40. Come on!
On this shower flow
Yes im very Excited for the Show
Get all th #Blackhawks #Flyers reaction in one place- WWW.USSportspages.com
So, this Google zipper is the most action i've gotten in a while.
Dentist appointment today! Gotta get these pearly whites more pearly!
RT If you are a twitter JUNKIE! xDD
Olly Murs will be singing his new single tonight to the crowds at Cawdor Castle
Omigosh in Wizards, Selena put potato chips on her sandwich just like me. And we both eat pickles on pizza...and everything. Haha
off topic: Today is our 1 month anniversary with our adopted rescue dog Casey, who rescued us :)
How do I stream wvmetronews on iPhone
- 60 Minutes has a profile/interview of Rahm Emanuel! So timely and original!
. . . could really eat Spanish food tonight, like from Spain. You know, that kind of Spanish.
Is anyone excited about who will win the bikes from ? We will be announcing the winning class tomorrow! :)
are you in AP?!
Omg this morning has been a mission!!!
It was a great time and I loved mixing and matching my friends and professional network.
It's thirsty Thursdays! Get your drank on!!!
I Blame It On Da Model Broad Wit Da Hollywood Smile
peter parker will be back I think... Just like Superman, and the plethora of other heroes who have died and been resurrected.
#johncarter was a gigantic helping of #cheese. However, it was rather #enjoyable. You just have to be ready to laugh.
it's like 500 degrees in this room, i am seriously about to die
/orders jersey RT “: QB Vince Young will wear number 10 with the #Bills”
Niggas be catching feelings...Cupid be gunnin
It was 90° at work today..#turnontheAC !!
Country Boy closes escrow on his house today. This is a big day. I'm proud of him. Now to get prepped for the celebration! Bit of work 1st.
Wondering how many of my tax $$ will be paying for the 440,000 people in immigration custody this year. $95/day/person adds up...
Joshua just stole that song from James.
I love to feed the hungry. So cum here and eat my juicy pussy! Then u can feed me too
Wow. Guess it's time to keep the faith. what's up with KC?
Starting an editorial video/portrait piece on 30 artists under 30. Anyone know anyone that would be interested in being featured? Message me
I hope I start to feel better
CN: we've been in survival mode my whole career. We've been losing on defense. It can start with just a few people.
Pullin for #Tebow to beat the piece of crap #tombrady who ive always hated most
#inaug09 Samuel L. Jackson, Spike Lee, Eric Holder on the red carpet at The Root ball.
and I am ALSO on my way to YOU!
I love that says "Auntie" that's so Chicago lol
I need a haircut :/
#FirstWordsOutOfBensMouthWhenHeWakesUp "Did I make the save?" lol love you ben, can't wait to see you!
Knowing Tony, I think this is just a complaint about general perceptions of humanities. Not about DH.
I want to go!
party at 's house for NYE!
We love you Alona! Hope you had an amazing birthday. :) RT Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!! Warms my heart!!
Based on last night, I'd pay $25-30. So many movies are in 3D these days, and I hate the theater glasses.
New feature on Austin Legal News Blog: We will be featuring a central texas attorney each Wednesday.
oh that's great! Hope you have fun!
Just get the Vandy mascot to have your back, he likes to punch Vandy students.
Axl Rose won't allow Guns N Roses to be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame because 1st they need him to watch Smash with Slash
Everybody Follow !!!!! <3
Testing phone app
#WATCHING "ALADDIN" (I LOVE THIS MOVIE)
Holy! I love how my power went out & then came back on. This thunder is making me jump! I can feel it in the floor!
hate living in the UK , you too far away ): , pleasee follow me <3 ! 5
Is there truly a way to define a human being. Only if they allow themselves to be defined by it.
Its officially official
BOSTON MASSACHUSETTS!!!!! WOO GO CHUCK!!!!
Hey, thanks for the tweet!!
I gotchu girl! Let me know how it is. I should try it out before I leave the hood.
yes, please.
ugh lucky. I would do the same.
This pisses me off.
Every army/marine/navy guy I hookup with has a really super thick cock. Has anyone else notice that, or am I just lucky?!? :P
I'm hxc and you're not
Average visual arts funding cuts due to NCLB = 30%
RT : For #Olympic athletes, the key is NOT money, it is AWARENESS. - Peter Carlisle of Octagon
i was told if your head itchin somebody talkin about you lol
We have been talkin for 5 hours and have not fallen asleep good job Aaron
i'm getting a not found.. i was making a joke about how it loaded so fast... source code showed it's torbit hosting the dns/cdn
So glad the content is great - I hope this means an early start to your weekend! Have a good one!
Going shopping for foam board today to make a design wall that I can actually pin quilt pieces to...my felt sheet just isn't cutting it.
That awkward moment when your friend mentions a party you weren't invited to..
YAAYYYY YOU FOLLOWED ME!!!:D Thank you!<3
psh, I can say whatever I want, she doesn't even know how to use it. Help her son!
thats ALL ball.
Thought it was Wednesday all day today. Drat.
National Ravioli Day! See you soon....
And how often do you pick a talented actor who doesn't exactly match the character's description?
Mark Davis has a dog in this fight.
THE MOTOR CITY IS GOING DOWN DOWN DOWN.
It's funny because it's not true at all
been following blakeeLa follow me
If I'm not mistaken, NYR-LAK was the very first game of the season in Europe. They would begin and end the season together.
who is your profile pix
Do you use reddit?
we need to hang out
The Silk Tie likes TJ! The mayor of simpleton is always welcomed by the mayor of ties to thesilktie.com
Welcoming Jeb Bush to our office today!
Hello White Eagle. Hello hammerhead. Hello ruben. Hello fries. Hello hammerhead. I've counted down 5 hours of work to see you.
I haven't had any sugar in an entire week. I deserve a medal.
Silly sound department. :-)
loving the avi :)
Favorite email of the day began with: "I am a grandma and a proud hooker!" Right on, grams!
bouncing on my ball while I work :)
These dudes jus took my homeboy ball , now its my business
ESPN2 left this game with 2 min left to go to a Rutgers game last night. 2 kicks in the teeth last night for UVA fans.
Happy Birthday to today! Hope to see you and get a hug- have a great day.
I love you. More than anything. <U+0001F498><U+0001F49C>
Miss ethiopia didn't get her visa so she won't be competing for #missworld 2011!
+1 “: I really like Sunday mornings. I get some of my best thinking done.”
FARO's #3DConference kicks off with intro by CEO Jay Freeland. Heavy on desire to be 'distruptive' in the 3D space, the Focus3D is proof.
RT Make exercise part of your daily routine.
Let's get the revolution of baseball in South Florida going, sir! GO #MARLINS!
kk lol it funny how we think the samething lol love u
Springfield, Oregon was the first U.S. city to have anti-gay legislation in its charter c/o Lon Mabon, in 1992.
This dude really just asked me "Cod-O or Meriweather" wonder if he works for #ESPN ? #Cotto schools #Mayweather in 7
Is so #sick of #people. Cereal Bowles
Hey neighbor. You can join us at the Westin tonight after 8pm to watch the results!
Aww is so sweet, it's nearly 3 in the morning and she's up giving me advice!
Man, just downed another six pack of burgers. Where did he get these things? We know where they're going.
was up young lady
Thanks for the RT!
you know it sexy
If you are or know of a published/up and coming model #DBHH is now looking for models to feature on our new section #DreamGirls. RT
watch the deleted scene one
I've came to the conclusion that is into milf's.
LOL! I been playing the show since 2004, pitched 3 perfect games
Who played the homeless guy on tonight's episode?
This week I used a gun, sang for judges, got fake beat up and played soccer & basketball - all at auditions. Yay! What's next? Bring it on.
can you PLEASE send a shout out to Chula Vista! thank u
#WordPress #Tools Bannage – Adds the ability to ban users from commenting by name, email, or IP.
Okay. Thanks.
Looking forward to my FIRST EVER NBA game tomorrow as the visit the #BeMilwaukee ...in Dallas!
just realized that I saved 90 dollars and 29 cents at jcpenney yesterday
tiger woods...i love you
Phone calls. Phone calls. More phone calls!!!! (I can't stop the beeping!)
It is during that period of discomfort that we change.
I'm pretty sure my morning is going in slow motion.
Actually, when all HS and one-&-done players were studied they've had a good success rate in the NBA.
People can be so frustrating!!
Check out ProPresenter. I think it's the best presentation software around.
And soon you're my age!
bitch im the shit so u know i
As low as Reviewstream's bulk rate is, they really should waive the right to reject a review.
Monday motivation -"You believe in something? You gotta believe in it right to the end of your toes & you gotta go for broke."- Ray Kroc
going great! How about yours?(:
Later Night Snack Wholly Wholesome Chocolate Chip Cookies, 4 Cookies (So effing good!) Seriously though, you should give 'em a try!
follow and dm me i stay n atl im 14
Just got done reviewing the launch of the first Lab Xpress franchise. They are slated to open in a couple of weeks! Roll-out is started!!!
Anyone could go tonight...
has to abolish records of guys who cheated taken steriods and hgh and not have them on the ballot at all period.
oh duh #iknewthat have fun! #illmissmybenchbuddy :( also you better tell me all about it.
agree but can't complain since it was free
Tomorrow is Friday! What a week!
mhmm. Like it?
Go get'em tiger! RT : In cap and gown ready for nyu graduation
Watching this REDICILOUS show about Russian people in New York , called #RussianDolls,.... #wtf .
Thank you for your tweet! We are so glad to hear you enjoyed your stay with us! Come back soon!
hahaha I was so cute, I know. I tried so hard omg lolololololol.
If anybody at this awful kids party asks, my twitter name is unless that one is taken
Is my earwax supposed to taste this buttery?
Masturbation vid vs celeb sex tape: the former is radical because nothing is or can be shielded, bodily or emotionally.
they actually are. I've had to sit thru Math professors proof things like that several times
It's better to be rejected for who you are than accepted for who you're not.
Taco Bell in Humboldt is open till midnight or later, but that doesn't mean you should go!
that's my neck of the woods. Have fun my brother!
emphasizes her commitment to grassroots politics and the power of the people to build movements.
Planning a rummage sale! Mostly baby and young boys clothing and toys odds n ends Might sell my Harley jacket. Sorta hard to do
- thanks for the support! Really appreciate it.
3 more weeks until summer! Can't wait<3
you should change your tagline to
Join us on sunday April 22.. from 6-9pm at the Market Square.. we will perform live.... Fiesta San Antonio 2012
Just finished the pilot. Loving it so far. Hope non-theatre people enjoy it too so NYC can get a hit! Great job !
I'll think of you while I enjoy delicious banh mi
lol and I can't help but laugh.
It's the end of NY Fashion Week! Fashion has become a fixture in art museums (McQueen, for example) - what was ur fave fashion exhibition?
have any Piave in there? :)
If you're a small biz..get a free website tomorrow at Ambridge Events Ctr. Google will give you a site for a year. 7:30a-2p.
So pissed its a
Life isn't about finding yourself-Life is about creating yourself–download- InSpotter app
OH CRAP ITS SUNDAY
Hello Twitter World! How has the beginning of the semester been for you? Fill us in!
I can finally see my desk again!
Punk'd tonight.
so much trouble. I am doing everything else but the paper.
tomorrow is friday the 13th...since im the unluckiest person alive...think of me tomorrow!
haha it will grow on you. Drink up!
Thank you for donating to our Kickstarter campaign and helping to spread the word about #pyrotopia! And thanks to all who voted!
#rememberwhen people didn't leave you hanging? Me either.
just trying to keep it real.
Love of mine, someday you will die; but I'll be close behind. I'll follow you into the dark.
well we're both weird, that's one thing we have in common....
Sterling Moore you gotta be kidding me!
Lol! Yup, it is
On a different note, I am happy to have the rain fall we have had here in Lubbock, TX over the last two days. It is a welcome sight becaus…
i thought everything was going well…. I guess not. have a good night.
I'm not tired I fell asleep earlier on and that at 00.00 but now I'm totally awake and LISM socks
you playing intermural soccer?
399 consecutive games
What a cryptic Christmas message!
I just finished a 2.25 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
! "Protesters chant 'thank you thank you' to lines of riot police as security forces stand back and let demonstrators pass in shubra #jan25"
He's such a hawt mamma...
This fat bitch jus broke the seat on the bus lmfao
It feels good to be home.
dml tour is morning
NASA MESSENGER Image of Mercury: Crater Debussy
One time for tha homie DJ SCREW ..... I'm feeling throwed in this bitch ....Drake- November 18th
you and need to come to soon! I'm not worried, can hold his own.
RT Big things in store for Knoxville area UT Young Alumni in 2011-12!
we ended up with pumpkin bread. pretty good stuff, especially slathered in butter.
Chuck Norris doesn't get slimed, slime gets Chuck Norrised.
When its JB's bday, its gonna be CRAZY. Its probably gonna trend for like all week lol
Hi Stephen! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback!
happy 10th bday ! thank you for being an awesome sponsor and friend to the cmc!
It never gets easier. You just get better.
Not a good idea to restrict English to non-redundant expression. I use computer languages all the time.
Thanks for the email!
Since Tiger's off the tour, practice mat ought to help me realize goal of becoming pro golfer!
Stick to what you know everything ain't for everybody
Kaworu died for your sins!!!
[Campus Bulletin] Don't know about you, but we sure are ready for a long weekend after that exhausting week of classes.
I mean, it has to be a movie that is already special enough to warrant me wanting to own, but yeah.
I'm going to stock up on Twinkies and cupcakes.
Did not realize how much helpful info put together til learned was consultant on project & dug deeper.
I can't believe I made the grave mistake of not already following Met her at #foodprt. The girl can cook! Check out her blog.
where u from
I'm a plump, round girl in a barbie world. Gotta slim down, & fit into my night gown. Come on cutie, let's get skinny! Move that jelly!
Oh, wow! This is something to plan for the future most definitely...#Gaultier also! How exciting!
We need men who can dream of things that never were. John F Kennedy
just the friends who I actually talk to, and actually make interesting tweets (not a whole lot)
thank you for the mention...We appreciate that very much!!
No ladies cokmented on my San Jose Sharks hat
Saw "Crazy Enough" last night. Great show. Now to get those songs out of my head.
Aw thanks, Michelle! Yeah I saw the movie at midnight.
Ready to board a plane for a fast and fun weekend with fam and cherished friends!
Who is going home on the X Factor? has some tough contenders on the show!
that's right
Hot date on a Saturday night...sitting in the waiting room at Patient First. Don't be too jealous!
169 'likes' on Facebook in the last week...
I'm so glad I still have the people in my life that are always here for me. The ones that have been here for me since the beginning.<3
Haha! I'm learning:)
00042 Thu 12jan12 . Clock in 2253p . No broadcast - building panel for reinstatement of di Suvero's Artists' Tower of Protest
RT The forever-beautiful Michelle Pfeiffer was gifted Orlane products @ the Dark Shadows! RT 4 a chance 2 win
Absence of armed conflict is just first part of peace. Peace is about people Prof. Jody Williams
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world: Nelson Mandela
Sometimes--SOMEtimes--it's fun to work in a neighborhood with a high-density crazy-person population.
So I made a tumblr, who else has one? I'm only following one person and I feel like a loser XD
Just made my own new icon. Just temporary...
Awesome! Happy Birthday :)
what's good son?!
I hate bitches who act like being in a relationship sucks stfu you obviously aren't with the right person stop generalizing shit.
Ha, Political Organizing 101, let's say :P ... Will you be joining the masses downtown?
I'm so used to seeing you with braces it's weird not seeing them there. But it's a good weird!!<3
We kicking it tomorrow after bro.
all you beautiful freak, grab somebody and light the place up
Omg hi!!!!! How's it going? Having fun?
A team of highly trained specialists and more hair product than is good for girl.
Did you know I am in NOLA???? I am playing Circle bar tonight with Tyler. Do you still have my snuff?????
you should text my face !
Who remembers the coconut shrimp from the Marlin! When we used to throw our party there, I would order every week! The sauce so amazing!!!
Free Beer Friday topic to be announced, stay tuned!
Good day!!! My phone finally recognizes doinst as a word!
LOL exactly. The Caps are masters of underutilizing their skills. At SJ has made a couple of conference finals.
Podcast Live from #DEATHSQUAD studios! www.ustream.tv/redban #deathsquadfam for life
Massive PR today at Ilthon. 3:46:13 chip. Personal best by 21:29. Can't complain about that!
I will never know ===> Seriously cute. What's the review on taste?
Every time we bathe the boys and put clean sheets on their beds, they wet the bed that night. Grrrr...
Happy Independence Day!
Not good....going to Pete's Market on the weekend.
I wouldn't have missed it! It was the place to be.
You can't buy love, but you pay heavily for it.
U got it! Thank you!
Today is finally my last day with my old friend/nemesis blackberry. It's been real.
Walkin over competition with no muscle to easy
Wow. Recommend.me is a total spambot. Can't believe you spammed my entire contact book when I signed up. So. Evil.
Thanks buddy! We lost a few fish that would have placed up in the top 3 but whatcha gonna do!
Scandal, it's my new fave tv show! Best Friday night OnDemand unwinder ever. Kerry Washington is boss!
it's reallybad likeif someone mentions his name I'll belike NO. He'smy rolemodel in life. It's weird becausehe's my moms age
That presenter from the NEA had an awesome surfer drawl.
hey All! we had to sign up for TrueTwit--pain-in-azz--but spammers have infiltrated! will remove app when done w/spammer-scanner--thanks
Aw lots of tree #love in that photo, Thanks for starting Friday off loverly.
RT : thanks everybody for the warm words re my new position as co-editor of RWW / we
Just met a lady from Argentino that didn't speak English.. New Fan! I used my awesome foreign language skills, also met a lady from China!
Me and Sophie are UK Mahomes, We want him to come to the UK so we can meet him:D
She sent me a text but I ain't never read it cuz pu**y only pu**y and I get it wen I need. True stuff drake
Happy Launch Day!!! Thinking of you and hoping today is smooth sailing. Big hugs!! Must connect in person soon. :-)
Mixed tryouts for the YCC team today. Over 70 kids will be out today. Good luck to everyone!
Like that's ever really mattered.
Because they know its all about the Celtics.
happy birthday! Hope you get to enjoy some of it!
Urbancrossfit is Pounding my legs into shape. Except I cant use them to walk with anymore
IM IN LOVE WITH AUSTINS SONG 11:11. just thought I should get that off my chest lol.
that skeleton arm in that pic is just worrisome. I LOVE RZ, but homegirl needs to eat a burger. Or 3.
don't do that I love you and even tho you think Iam hurting you I really just want you to be happy
That's awesome! What are you favorite songs from Miranda?
watching Kansas vs Kentucky love basketball season!
This is really depentant on the time of day for me.
Wow is changing my tweets :(
i think i had too much sleep 0_0 or meehhbeee its the caffeine
Smoke den Rat goodniye
RT : the Dane Co. circuit court will take up Nygren v. WI GAB friday morning at 9:00AM
i swear i stay so throwed, on an hourly basis
the weather is just AWESOME tonight!
Haley Reinhart's Hometown Supporters Thought She'd Make 'American Idol' Finale
I miss my good friend
Why we gotta argue bout the same thing..tell me why we gotta argue bout the same thing same thing ah
Do all that shit you be talkin about, While you gone shieett...netflix on the couch..
Prosecutor's office says Officer Moore's family wanted plea agreement
Dear Tigers, quit playing games with my heart.
lol it's a scary, scary thing. Did you know your uterus can FALL OUT? Ahh!
#BestFeelingEver clean lobes.
Not at all.RT: do black people like MF Doom?
Every summer, Carlee Guthrie celebrates her birthday with a customized cake depicting a swirling hurricane, crafted from colorful icing.
Good Monday morning from the American Botanical Council!
Wondering what to eat today.... Suggestions??
Thank you for a great #consulting case #interview webinar and for sharing your insights.
good luck honey !
I don't like it when my friends are feeling down <U+0001F614>
hey chuy. you should ping me :)
watching movies with my birthday boy! I love you Hope I can make the day great for you.
"Never let your short term greed get in the way of your long term greed."
just wanted to tell you that you're a bad mamajama!! Keep pushing play!
Illinois Derby longshot
All kyrie looks so cute!
We're open! #GWU come check out ZeBi on the in Ames Hall. Open from 8-630. Time to get
wouldn't that be nice. Seems like Rush doesn't take very good care of himself. Maybe he'll do himself in.
Mad that Raven being a lesbian is trending! Smh
In America, we will eventually have a President that used to play Pokemon as a child. Scary.
My 2 New Favorite songs Aree.....Overboard,& That should be me by They are the best love songs i heard this year! RT RT RT RT!
i love u my money
April 30th will be turning a new page as that's when the stitches come out. Until then, it's Slugfest 2000, which is fine. Naps are awesome.
Sat doing nowt great
#mubb can't hit shit right now.
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves,but wiser people so full of doubts.BRussell
It's one of those drinks in the hottub kinda nights.
You belong @ your library as libraries transform lives through technological literacy
I'm out in phoenix for a week, so lots of pool side time.
I have a movie script to share. 3233539405 *christina the cuban*
just did! No email...
yes to apricots of all stripes! Hope you've been enjoying the teaching—your first day lesson plans sounded amazing :)
it's truer than true. :)
If Withey got a piece, clock should've started then and the last shot could never have happened...
How can the only thing that's killing me make me feel so alive
it's all good!! watch out... can become addicting...haha
But ill fuck your right I will. I fuck you right I will
I have an emergency credit card that could handle two pairs. But like I said Emergency only!
Watching Andy Pettite pitch at Frontier Field...he just picked a guy off at 1st.
Got a few tweets saying that tonight it looked like the Sox were actually playing baseball. Well put.
so Vinny basically said he's going to be posting the video from his time in Chicago.
If I'm a Liverpool fan I'm actually furious this team didn't show up in the 1st half on Saturday.
Sometimes just BEING STILL is the quickest way to get to your destination.
they say real girls are never perfect. & perfect girls aren't real.
Somebody itch my back.
AND your point is....?
Just paid 8 electric bills & 5 Gas bills fro some heimishe yiden that cant afford it. If u know anyone that needsr help, contact us-Retweet
Hey Duke.....look what Brown did to you!
how about we have justice for both brothers we all are grieving for them-Amen
Thnx for the tweets about Pokatok. We appreciate it!
bring it!!
Ha ha. Glad to know he is on the right team. I agree with the idea of enjoying the rest of the week. Stress can wait.
He whose hand is clasped in friendship cannot throw mud.
w/teachers?! amazing, what was the response to the play?
Sweet service last night...expectant for this morning's session!
I'm god
That's nice. Was somebody talking trash about you?
Lazy day on the couch...
JUST ANNOUNCED!! The Holden Young Trio will be at next Friday May 18th in #Denver!
Can skinny people celebrate Fat Tuesday?
fix the HOPE issue and justify or not justify going further.
like i love you..
Hey worker bees! #EarthDay tip for today: Save a ton of energy by turning off your computer AND monitor when you leave work for the day.
pretty sure I tagged you in it? Thanks though
match.com is where I met my wonderful wife! I highly recommend it.
have you claimed The Plaza District on Wimgo? If not, you should! We're trying to build up our local businesses.
What music scenes are you hitting this weekend? The Pops may be on summer break but there's still plenty of great music in the tri-state!
Red sox win. Brewers win. Go baseball!
Saw you on Dave's.....You have one smokin A List Body !!!!!!!!! He sure enjoyed the undressing.........
STAY AT HOME DEAD Jeffrey Allen 'I was waiting for the next battle. Which, you know, was really dumb, because'
Alright treat me good today monday
Changing is super uncomfortable, but let that discomfort propel you forward. Have a little faith.
It's weird seeing the blonde side of my family.
One of our teams, , is headed to the Championship! Good luck to our 2nd team !
ion think u know me shorty I just think you sexy so I followed u
I think I will never watch again, you are soft on #GOP & a TEABAGGER! I will
One to five: I'm half alive. Six to nine: I'm out of line. Ten to twelve: I'm not myself. By the millionth time, I cry.
Brag about it! RT : Sunburned feet after a day at the beach!
#WhatAWomanNeeds is a man who wants to hold her boobs up so she never has to wear a bra. At least put your arm underneath for speed bumps.
Geez. Everyone online are try-hards. I'm just trying to learn Evil Ryu.
Thanks for the mention, :) let us know if you need any help with #Vegas related stuff.
... or you could root your phone. :P
I call her and her ass tweeting
Congratulations on winning the #PulitzerPrize today my friend. Tears of joy!!!!!
LOVE that you guys love our shoes! Let's think of a cool collaboration! Let me know any ideas you have :)
Academize.com in private beta now.
Need to look into replacing the battery on my Macbook the current one is beyond done.
Bridesmaids is a total RomCom. I'm a little disappointed.
"I love purging bullshit" - (while packing my kitchen)
Welcome to our team Michael Sugar!
Depends on people's def. of clutch.
aw thank you :))
it was good! It was like a class reunion of band friends..
ohh thanks! You too (;
Packers did peak too early, much like the Brewers in August.
I wish my job had a Spring Break.
15 minutes till #TeamAlton starts winning on
Scott, thanks for joining us!
Free PHOTO SHOOTS........TODAY @ 12pm-2pm......If your a model in Atlanta hit me back if your interested
Got some cool new stuff in the works. It's gonna be awesome.
Awesome interview! Congrats on the Kickstarter campaign!
happy birthday, handsome!
Cleveland Park. Have you been to Guapos? I think we're going to try that.
It is, isn't it? I love the high-intensity. Zach also teaches at Fit. Love them both.
congrats, you're a beautiful girl, wish you much luck!
i hope not, but it probably will be because i leave on tuesday!
I'm doing bikram yoga for the first time tomorrow w/ Any suggestions to prepare??
joy, you are such a toxic critic. Prob just jealous of the high levels of achievement in arts and ideas.
I'm bout to text all the girls that I think are pregnant right now and dont know it!! "Happy Mothers Day"
Made 55 dollars in tips tonight. Pretty good considering its sunday.
Want your opinions: Readying my APUSH blog for next year's students - do I leave up the notes, etc. from this year or start fresh?
“Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work.” -Rita Mae Brown
The She should ALWAYS get top billing. It's always #shehechat. The She always gets top billing. :)
THREE email newsletters this morning on how to effectively use Facebook for marketing. Give it up, people. Ain't gonna happen here.
420 Yummies is safe from all tsunamis! We live, work & play on higher ground! We are here to bake another day!
#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn When ur girl aint tryin to give u no pussy! Or ur Whack in bed! Or Ur Dick Small LMAO
Bering peer pressured to stay the night X_X
do u do videos?
bad defense celtics
I wish people would be classy. Classy is the best.
Swimming is such a good workout..
Off to hear speak at the #GreenDay event!! Chappy chappy earth day y'all
WHY ARE YOU STARTING TO COPY PEOPLE. MILK EVEN USED THAT ONE I THINK
the organic is for #hippies I got the original 40 day aged. Thanks Congratulations #
yes! Lol. I will be you physical therapist!
Life=You
Here we come !! Givin' out goosebumps Sunday at Bobby Mcgees Chicago Ridge !! Get your tix soon www.aftonshows.com/divineblue !!!
“: Can't wait to find out where the Tops are going! #MarchMadness” Greensboro?
brought it. Wow!
It's important to learn a language because you can make friends anywhere and everywhere! Happy Euro Day of Languages!
Some of the best times are just sitting back & talking to our guys. Funny stories by & today.
Keep It Simple Stupid...Clean your neck before passing..newb
Thank you for RTs. We are just trying to bring attention to this problem.
Answering student and faculty questions about education and copyright (Section 110 and Section 107).
you should try to get Mos Wanted to lip sync to Call Me Maybe<3
3 months is the initial training and then 1 month combat and then school. Whoop! Excited? Soccer isn't too bad haha, a fan?
When busted his ass today!>>>>>> lol
hashtag gone wrong,check out #McDstories #brutal If so many people hate McDonalds,why are so many people in line all the time?
Do u think anyone in this crowd was thinking "oh please do 2 songs from Chinese Democracy for the encore."I guess Axel did.
Cleaning out my whip!
Today has been pointless.
How sad is it that I have never heard One Direction? All I know about them is there's some #gay rumors??
only if it was one if the first few dates:)
iam not saying who she is lol #hint lol
If you want your children to listen, try talking softly - to someone else. - Ann Landers
dude's a joke. it's like being at a (bad) karaoke bar.
Thank you.. No rain and it turned out pretty good.
I didn't ignore you girl
We don't ship it , we install it remotley , so you'll have it today , but you must pay my invoice for 80.00, as soon as you can
thanks again for B's game .. Are you a Philly Fan? What a
and btw i think ur cute
#Buy30Days its in the Irish iTunes top 10!!! :) <3
loved my bear hug ! <3
yes sweetie [:
I'm looking for ppl/orgs that work with firefighter's in #India who may be interested in buying used uniforms at a discounted rate
If you weren't personally invited, don't bother showing up.
True enough. Bldg a portal & wondering abt what users prefer--browse site list? search box?(prob. combo of both)
I need a couple more artifacts, and I haven't thought about the essay yet, but I've been getting it put together as I go.
: Wayne Graham - Head of R&D, UVa Library Scholars' Lab; The Obi-Wan Kenobi of Programming
well your just plain out beautiful, so it goes hand and hand :)
Saying "OH YEAH I REMEMBER." when you really don't
Getting robotic with and
Go with your gut.
I voted for you. Hope you win!
RT : Students put a QR code on the front of their paper that leads to a jpg of "A+" Nice! | ha!
Happy Birthday Ian.. You are an amazing guy and thank you for creating ISF <3 Hope you have a wonderful day
what u might not know is that I'm finishing up "THE PAKAGE VOL.2" as we speak and I might need some heat from u
Nap countdown begins NOW
uhm...do i even know you?
hope u feel better soon!
TY for the :)s Have a piece of coffee cake with that
same here!!
yeah i did u look great!:)
I get the point of the DH but it really takes a lot away from the game
Anytime. He got the high five, I made sure of it. Pleasure meeting you :D
Busy days can only mean that everything is going the right direction
awe shoot :/ we will come another time! I didn't know you moved love
By the end of the game, baseball players' uniforms often are very dirty. I wonder if they would like opportunities to freshen up.
I'm not gonna back down from my belief. I stand for what is right. My guideline is the bible. I quoted a bible verse. Don't get mad at that.
Congratulations and on your engagement!!
Just bought my ticket! 23 days until my lazy days in Los Angeles!
Yes! RT when i get some money im bout to join the i've been meaning to do that forever
Yeah Bieber was bad... but every generation has its era of totally disposable pop!
Bummer! I fly out tomorrow. Enjoy the 'fun' portion of #sxsw for me.
Bummer. season is over. Swarm win playoff game 14-10. Still had so much fun... such a great time for the kids!
30 point blowout WITHOUT Perkins. Hm.
Right? Weird. RT I'm still waiting for Variety to announce that Ashton Kutcher playing Steve Jobs is an April Fool's joke
Q3: Can individuals contributions to DH be clearly articulated and recognized for their unique contributions?
Ok Milwaukee let the countdown begin to the show this Wed #TurnerHallBallroom. You know you wana dance so take your medicine
Wen u are bitter abt some1, search ur memory 2 find gud moments u spent wit that person. People aren't always bad,they r often misunderstood
Preparing for Bjork show by trying to channel the emotional music of a heartbroken tree with hopes and dreams in the Icelandic forest.
ADD THE COMPLETE LENGTH ALL NATURAL HAIR GROW PROUDUCTS TO YOUR NEW TREND VISIT WWW.SHOP.COMPLETELENGTH.COM
Say, my New Task Alerts are off by a day — they think the 15th is a Saturday, etc. Displays correctly elsewhere. FYI.
TELL EVERYBODY YOU KNOW TO VOTE FOR US....atleast 50 ppl...
I am friends w/couple in AZ trying to adopt a baby & having no luck. A baby would be blessed to have them for parents Plz pray for them.
hm? Except you just posted on Twitter!
Hi Thank you would love to take you for tea or coffee some time Tina Bagon
We got this ol crazy as indian in here..dont nobody kno wtf he be talkin bout
Thanks for the RT friends :)
this can't happen <U+0001F62D>
U of M Police warning students about a series of robberies including one on Christmas Day.
All new men's shoe just arrived! We'll have it up really soon :-)
#poker quote of the night: Once you start thinking you have nothing left to learn, you have everything to learn. -- Steve Badget
Vinyl Grooves Show is on the air now with host Gregory Hatanaka and guest/writer T.L. Young. Featuring an eclectic selection of music.
if rejection isn't an important life lesson GSs can impart to the young and impressionable, what is?
yes one of the March weekends, if not will be going April 4th
We all have two choices. We can make a living or we can design a life.
Of Course! We had a great time as usual :-)
the I my problem is that when you're there it's a no shenanigans zone
"You can calm down a fool before you can resurrect a corpse." Coach John Thompson's comments on DeMarcus Cousins.
RT : A #Taurus is stylish, well-groomed, and socially involved.
iTunes? really? I wonder who is putting it there.
sheldon is going to poop himself, that's all i know.
falling asleep to 11:11. I love life. &
oh, we'll that's good :-)
THAT is one of the greatest problems in education. Teachers should not feel threatened by mommy/daddy administrators
hey hunni long time no talk...how you been?
Starting to contact people in regards to the PSA we are shooting in two weeks, it is going to be absolutely awesome and timely.
I suck at this tweet shit. I don't know what the fuck I'm doing on here. I'm still hook on Facebook. lol
Wore the white uniform today, so proud that I didn't get it super dirty. #success. <U+0001F60C>
that ditto machine art concept is really cool. thanks for sharing.
Love that place! Enjoy! :)
We will be turning in 2500 voter registration forms for the primaries. Everyone, make sure to vote on March 20th!
went to the mall Hung with Fam took the out watched movies also and finishes with the pool lol
After last nights its apparent #Baltimore needs better mass transit. At the very least the Circulator needs to run to canton.
reply to my text message
DAMMIT. I hate it when Green Day's Hitchin a Ride starts. I get all excited because I think it's going to be They Might Be Giants.
Thanks for follow Mary Annette, is Wichita really the midwest?
Yeah, cause giving up is always good. Nice job <U+0001F44D>
The answer to yesterday's Word of the Day, Maven is E.) An Expert.
First day as a college graduate! Still can't believe it. Walking across stage yesterday was surreal.
Too much fun last night. Good to see
I don't like this.
So this Heat team might win in 5, eh
His sleeve is retarded anyways
#Watch out for the Back To School Traffic. Have an awesome day!
A new look for the Madison West 3,200 relay team, which has the state's best time this spring. Edgewood & La Follette in second heat w/ West
take em all.
Q: Favorite thing about a guy? Like The sexy body or amazing personality.
Mo, a girl? bahahaha nope, Mo is a dude
I'm rarely called "weird". I wonder if that's because I don't try hard enough?
Whole wheat pasta with fresh farmers market veggies and garlic dill chevre from the goat guy. Yeah.
ye talk later dude!
PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY
At Phoenix Landing, drinkin a beer, listening to my boy Bebo and my girl Julia play some reggae dub! Here's to forbidden Tuesday nights!
WTH? When you get back on here lol and y u ain't get me a pack smh
lol crazy huh
That was kinda ironic if you ask me!
sleepy time, goodnight. (: x
Obviously!! RT : dude that is like the worst hospital in the valley.
Induced Nonblocking Favorite Oscillation for Unwanted Reflective Subtweetification (at a Distance)
Put berries in my frappuccino. You can't even fathom the deliciousness! Sad Starbucks Happy Hour's last day is tomorrow. :(
I found it for ya man
"Spread The Word To " Awareness Day: A reminder not to use "retard" or "retarded" to describe others, objects or even yourself.
i saw you at h.e.b today :)
hey, glad your here. Procedural question...can I call them Barners now that we're SEC, or us that only for folk in the South?
I'm blasting off to mars and you know I'm not stopping
Freelance vs. Commercial photographer? What's the difference? Sometimes nothing at all. One and the same. Other times it is substantial!
my mom is going to buy vans. what is wrong with this world..
I'd do a high five for that! loved it
Perhaps an expectation, but also a potentially useful point of brand distinction, i.e. HBO above the all-you-can stream fray.
What are the first two languages? Oh, and u can say right now at anytime 4 ur slap. LOL :)
The Pioneers are at the Opening Rd banquet for the Marion, Ind., bracket right now. Each coach just talked. Dinner up next.
You'd have to think they'd grab MKG. He stands to fit with anyone given his complete skill set.
Dennis Probst wants his tail back.
Please god I pass the Core 40 tomorrow
Did I just hear the weather guy say 3 more inches of snow tonight? I am going to blame all of this on the people who were doubting the snow.
Deer Tick. Next Tuesday. Nashville. Who's in?! Just me? I figured.
i wonder if you can tell the psychos you come across on twitter? more television for derren in the us!!!!!!!
everything is expensive here...we're the most corrupt state in the nation, it's sickening.
Thx for tweeting abt Eric Dompierre & his family's fight for age waivers for HS athletes w disabilities in MI! LetEmPlay.us
haha glad to hear! :)
tweeting because in 25 minutes I will know what to tweet. almost 50
Never realized how much I cared.
Hotel TV mysteriously turned on and won't shut off.
Saw a billboard advertising weaves described as "virgin" hair...and the opposite of virgin hair is...?
He is playing to the conservative wing until he cements the GOP election. He will then move to the center promotg MA reform!!
RT Loki is my new favorite villain. I'd like to see him and Magneto face off by reading Milton or something.
Retweet of you're feeling generous. We could always use more followers. Thanks again.
It's definitely a hectic crazy busy day & I'm loving it.
f*****ck that movie!
wishes these games were this intense all the time
"i swear to drunk I'm not god"
You totally should but it'd have to be a bright colour
I'm about to drag Justin on that stage.
Thanks for the Jose V love.
omg. Keep us posted on France. Taking my first trip there in September. Blue Walk Tour--on French Riviera. Can hardly wait.
today is his birthday and I wasn't able to do it... SO sorry!
you work is so beautiful.
You're not missing much. Great job on JRIB today, T!
Good morning! Tonight I'm at Laugh Lounge 8:30
Trying to link facebook and twitter
2 Chainz is better than future
In the burgr king parking lot and a wire popped and exploded ! It was scarry D:
has even helped me deal with it.. i think if i didn't know she survived this i honstly don't even know why i am still alive..
I want you to want me, like I want you && I want you to love me, like I love you.
In other exciting news ~ Sat noon til 3, I'm playing the Leaf and bean, Strip District. It's a wicked little place. Yinz get yo butts down.
Summer vaca doesn't seem like its real.
Is Jordy Nelson our number 2 receiver? He is really good.
Happy Mother's Day
Marylin movie night with puppies for prizes
random stomach pains << <U+0001F44E>
hope everything goes good
I will never get tired of telling that I love him<21
Our twitter connect function is Greatness! Check it out!
Today my buddy and I have been texting Eddie Murphy quotes back and forth.
Commission in closed session till 2pm
My head is spinning looking at everyone's tweets. need to get used to it.
Wth just happened to Mary J Blige? I hope she has a cold cuz that was just down right terrible
HOLY CRAP I heard is at the JBC. He is one of the guys that made me want to get into covering games and I am here. WOW
I made that beat in ten minutes. lol killin shit without even tryin
oh I am sure the #shenanigans will find ya babe.... How you been?
AM NOT WEARING THE HAT. AND AM BRINGING PROTEINS SHAKES TO POTLUCK. BOY, you know my stove broke/maybe Idk how to turn on
: Thanks for welcoming us to the B we are proud of our A+ rating.
loll no. In our imaginary world where all of us cousins live together in a huge house!!!
Agreed that multiplayer would be an unmitigated disaster with radial. Gamespeed would slow to a crawl.
Windy City, join #PENMember Nathan Englander & Etgar Keret for a reading 6pm @ Chicago Sinai Temple
haha when I was a kid I saw Jezebel in the Bible and demanded that my mom explain why such a lovely name wasn't used.
#ThoughtsWhileRunning "please don't let me trip
haha I've been good…busy with school. How is everything? Trying to come over for the olympics
Someone I know is on Wheel of Fortune tonight, but hasn't been allowed to tell us how he did. Good luck, Joe! Can't wait to watch! :)
Theres nothing wrong ladies givin it up on the first night.its how many ppl u give it that night that can become a problem...#sloppy seconds
MKG with a quad injury. I am distracted and blame Louisville. Will take my fury out on the city in a bit.
My 4-yr old indicates his approval or disapproval by saying "That's a check (yes) or an X (no)" with appropriate gestures.
stop telling me who to follow!!
digitalbg Video Review Canon i-Sensys MF3010 - canon copiers
Twitter and Facebook need a Dislike button ( like Youtube has ) ..lol .. :)
Great list! The Bulgakov is one of my all-time favorites, and I too read Gombrowicz this year.
How do I activate my CE account. I purchase CE Image somehow awhile back, but only have an email link.
Conflating stylization with sexualization. Most avatars are stylized; sexualization is mostly a component of female avatars though.
"Happy" u rescued your new pup! Inspirational! Rescued a Morkie/ Malti-Shi mix a week ago at a swap/college. Named her "Chewy"<U+2665>
Best line I've read today: "When it hops from birds to people, it has a disturbing tendency to kill them." (about H5N1 flu)
Yr interview made me want to read it again.
Whoo! Alright, I'm actually ready to be productive today! Even if the forecast claims storminess, I hold out hope for sunshine.
If y'all aren't following yet, do so NOW! The best in travel, music, and culture.
you must be a rich, pretentious, prick.....
I don't want friends really...nothing personal. Just my personal decision.
eLearning can be a lonely experience. Online group training, like web.alive, is more fun. at ISPI-FRC in Denver.
even the sun sets in paradise
It's my own personal LOCKSS system. I back stuff up all over the frickin' place.
Alright. Re-installed in the command center. Time to start the Universal fanfare and get our #IncredibleHulk on.
RT “: I can't stand it when these damn "Twitter Celebs" have to retweet every compliment they get..Unfollowing”
I'm sleepy... But I don't want to wake up and have to go to work! Blap!
is better. my step-dad is a jerk off though and I only ran 3 out of the 5 miles I was supposed to run today because of a thunderstorm - gene
feeling a bit disconnected from the world today, what's new with you?
I'm just trying to test the effectiveness of my new camo
I tried , but I don't think it will happen ...
I understand why people are upset for using govt funds to pay for sex, but also, really? They get a per diem. Who cares?
Many agencies are looking to stand up a #VMO. The #IRS has a very successful VMO office w/lots of best practices.
Don't you fret should you get another cancellation give me a chance and I'll make a permanent reservation heart vacancy by
Chilling with my cousins a bit
no prob, just DLed ur app, digging ur music! U ever play in Nashville?
Should probably sleep soon.
RT : RT : Laugh often, relax more, live long, look good doing it!
Never in my life have I been so against sleeping, I don't want to for at least one year. And then go back to normal. Lol a
i forreal love you
Who wants to see a sneak peek of our new website!?
follow me back? that be the smart thing to do! btw you followed my old account before it got hacked
You're fortunate! is delicious!
Should we buy silver? :)
Awesome! thanks :)
Hospitality Night The Anchor Bar.. ALso 50cent wings all day and night.
CEO Elisabeth Mason led all-star panel Fri in exploring solutions to boost students' chances of persistence & completion.
When somebody asks you what's wrong because they care, and when somebody is just being nosey: big difference.
Do I have your email?
Boston tomorrow ! :D
Nothing is sexyer than a girl who wants but don't need me
u super late. I been on here. I didn't know u were on here either tho
Let your work speak for itself.
Sundays are more enjoyable when the #Vikings are doing well!!
Cheese Louise, it's windy.
have a great trip it's a beautiful place
Why am I up so early -_-
47% of adults get news on a tablet or smart phone.
So, I had been working on the iMac for a couple hours when it suddenly shut down. I think it's over-heating.
Don't see how this solo is related to the blues head he just played (briefly)
hell yeah !
It's been a long week. Time to sit down and finish up some emails and get ready for youth soccer this weekend.
there is no end date set
who gonna run this town tonight?
thats works too..most if the time. Thought Id vibe out tonight. Lol
Grotto tonight. live feed starts at 11pm.
thanks, lee! When is ur next gig??
a track for you homie where do i send it?
I just feel like it would be like opening pandora's box with all the maintenance to keep it up. We'll see.
Looking forward to the launch party this weekend.
I was thinking about you, watching this game
Thanks for the follow, Madeline!
I've been wondering the same about you!:) We are doing ok, just alot to do lately:-/ I'm thankful for choices!
"double downward escalator retail chutes of doom" is why I wish more conferences could be held in lovely old hotels.
RT : CARANCHO the new thriller from #Argentina starring Ricardo Darin a smash hit & held over thru 5/5.
“:Just watched Spiderman on Broadway.was rather enjoyable. I wouldn't mind one of the suits but they're quite tight.bit risky”
That boy Say if she wanna tell her man wut tuh do den help him get there....
THATS WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT!!!
#ARealBoyfriend MARRY YOU.... Instead of JUST keep saying WIFEY and your HAND BARE
They were just here. They played at the
yeah got a fam and live in a small town in the middle of tx. I can be selfish to pursued dream. And risk not carin 4 them
Please call our 866 # to give us that feedback. And thanks for making our car-sharing community a great one!
The best thing about having a cat is that you have a cat.
And the rookie Landeskog continues the #Avs push for the playoffs!
you just posted this: Trever Miller #43 St. Louis Cardinals 2010 Civil Rights Game Used Jersey
I love you this big!(:
Sandberg being interviewed for Cardinals manager job
!?it does else who .laziness sheer of out room other the from #roommates your texting ...ahh
hi back!
im bored ); no call . bored . hmm .
love the
I'm finna wear leggings tomorrow.
Just be f***ing happy people
the weather is just AWESOME tonight!
send her this way and I can make her dreams come true....lol
i swear hes so lazy -_-
Starting Tan's Search Inside Yourself
God gave me you for the ups and downs God gave me you for the days of doubt For when I think I’ve lost my way God gave me you <3 <3 <3 <3
Watching The Hangover never gets old.
Can you imagine what it must feel like for these guys right now? SO cool!
bro I didn't even know you were based out of Houston?!
Oh nice! Didnt know studio did the #prettypowerful text and likely other things.
What's your favorite song right now? Mine probably has to be ET by the beautiful ;)
Agree. RT : A2 not a fan of follow back for sake of - should only be relevant if connection is going to be collaborative
If I could, perhaps a Sigh (instead of Susurrus) of Librarians would be more... politically correct.
Calling all hopheads... Don't be Stoopid! Stop by Pipers Pub on Thursday. It'll be Stoopid.
#SongofTheDay is up on our Facebook & of course it's by Adele after that phenomenal performance tonight as well as winning 4 Grammys so far!
RT : What was Westbrook doing though? He left Blake wide open! <- Russ West knew Blake wasn't clutch, wouldn't risk a 3-shot foul
Mixing cucumber #juice with #carrotjuice is said to be beneficial for #rheumatic conditions resulting from excessive uric acid in the body.
Santa Ana winds have nothing on EP Salonen conducting dress rehearsal of Shostokovich's stunning 4th. Peter Sellars' Orango"!!
good for you. I need to start doing this -- its nice having my old lj to reflect on things, but I don't keep a journal now.
Its pageant war! #rhinestonegalore RT : no one wants to enter a stupid pageant def not guys
Wow. Zachery Tims gone?? You never know when it's coming. Do what you can while you can.
Watchn the game nervous as hell I got faith in my team tho
it needs to get cooler because i need to stop drinking cold cordial or i will def develop full blown beached whale status.
I kind of just wish everyone would realise we are in Panama City Beach, then magically get along, then have fun, and then repeat!
RT : Tagging content should happen when you migrate, the way you would when moving your home, labeling boxes.
OOHH :) Sounds Fun!
#TerrificTuesday have a great day :)
Thank you so much for getting back to me. can you name a title. I'm trying to learn my culture better.
I get so sleepy so easily now!
Ok Marry The Night is growing on me!!! God damn you lady gaga
I was just messin. The unseen & dudley's stuff. Those get regular play... Not to mention ynq
I know. At least he went longer than 23 days from his last game. So once again he beats Bryant.
Dear your technical problems aren't half as bad as your PR problems.
vege meatballs in kitchen sink salad with pesto!
Cory Chisel And The Wandering Sons - Born Again - 08:15 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
My pleasure! It was wonderful catching up!!
shes the one : ) im glad things worked out this way cuz i wouldnt want it any other way : )
I enjoy chillin with ppl not being raped tho lmao ah summer is starting off great!!
Not tezting today \(^o^)/
Last week we worked with 6 schools in Udaipur. 500 students enrolled in this years Peace Exchange project. Let's Create Peace
Luckily, my job IS to make fun of Mahoney...and take a bunch of s**t from him, too.
Love is not a car race. No need for fast track. So, slow down or you might be ending up in a car crash.
keeping it real take notes lady's this women knows what she is speaking and it ain't the BS I read from most these lady's ;)
btw while I'm still gonna need a new liver, apparently CellCept is telling my liver-attacking immune system to go fuck itself
“: Today's the inaugural Mark the occasion." Sounds like something for you
Grab life by the horns!
vampire porn for girls, no thanks.
wtf i need to stop believing in people.
Just read the #Sandusky indictment and I'm now 1) thoroughly sick to my stomach, and 2) shocked it took PSU even 5 days to clean house.
Old people have it good.
Really? Hula hoops are no longer allowed on the mall? This reminds me of high school...
RT : Just laid down the first two joints for the HEALTH WEALTH KNOWLEDGE OF SELF album. I Am Alive Now & 4 Laws of Wealth.
hey chiquilla! Long time no see. Are u still at st mark?
How many people would be interested in custom artwork card sleeves?
They are repaving the sidewalks so all the pavement is wet- of course I didn't REALIZE that. And now I need new shoes.
Wow, revisiting The Stoner now. Only did a cursory listen last year b4 getting distracted. Rectifying that mistake now. Cheers.
They say never say never but, fuck it never mind.
New CandySwipe updates released to work with the Motorola Xoom and other tablets! Available in the android market
Yo! Great seeing you today at EWR! Sorry I missed ya at the gate, we took the flight after you.
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel great to .
Your craft will never be perfected when there's room for improvement, and there's ALWAYS room for improvement. Perfection is nonexistent.
Watching #aleaugeoftheirown never gets old!!
I'm really good at knowing when to bet fold and very bad at actually doing it.
my 20 year old neighbor is having a party outside... WITHOUT ME!!
Good luck tonight, doooooodz.
Coming from a ketchup lover: Today I learned sweet potato fries taste better with honey mustard dressing than ketchup. Yum!
Is Birthday #Cake gonna be a single or?
Haha!!! your nickname is soon to come. RT : pee we!!!!!
YES RT Kindness is sexy.
Crocktees T-Shirts (crocktees) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
I Wont Run From You, But You Can Still Be, Bloody Mary!
don't even think about that shawnie!
Next week is National Craft Beer Week. Stay tuned for our feature on members creating great craft beers
that traffic was nuts.. we cut up Glenwood to roach way
Very Cool! “: yesterday we discussed the potential use of OHMS with the StoryCorps collection at #SCArchive”
~ UPDATE: New York sky is sunny * delightful, not at all slightful ~
I'm A OK with that!
thank you joel!!(;
Yup Omg Geo pepiled to my messeage on FB :D He sais that hell try his best to make a live webchat!
your amazing! It would totally make my day, if you would please follow me!
Would it be too much of a statement if I threw a water baloon at the next lazy or pointlessly slow toll booth attendant?
Knicks have no chance tonight. Why? They don't play tonight
curly hair!!! I like it way better I have curly hair 2! We can twin <3
Michelle Russo: When Architects write user stories addressing tech debt they should write using terminology everyone understands .
We search for some of the greatest artists in the country and place their art in our store!!!
“: Use your ministry to build people, not people to build your ministry.”
Saw Confluence / JIRA (free for museums), Pivotal Tracker, Asana. Some great tools for different size teams.
Eric Dolphy once said of #kennygjazzfacts, "once it's over, it's gone in the air. You can never capture it again. Time to shed 'Songbird.'"
don't miss all those meetings. Beer time :)
are you @ the bus stop ??
Now that I am at MIT Press, am toying with the idea of doing a year of reading dedicated solely to the list here.
I forgot to mention my son now trains with me.
WHO MOVED MY CHEESE?
yo! I need to do that man..
I did that same goal. I feel like more credit is being given to Torres' closer than to Ramires' chip shot. That killed Barca.
BOXERCRAFT just licensed the Choosey Chicks brand!!! "Choosey Chicks by boxercraft" will launch next week at MAGIC in Las Vegas,
haha, i'm definitely holding you to that. #freeloader lol kidding
thanks for the answers...yeah i'm still in jet lag mode too,
I'm gonna fly out from the roof and go home.
"Colin Munroe Is The Unsung Hero" was such a good mix tape, too bad this hippie ain't put out another tape yet
The doctors thing is true. I mean, close quarters and long shifts? Bound to happen.
no surfing today -- tsunami!!!
Yeah Friday! Going to read to some kids for #black #history #month and then enjoy the weekend! Have a great weekend everyone!
Dallas has a lot of great musicians! Don't let them hide! Support your local artists!
I was late for work i sat in traffic gotta get my ass in bed early but i wont i'll be up on this freakin computer.GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
yeah it's me real last name!
vino.. everyone likes a bottle of wine..even if they don't drink it, it's one less they have to buy when company comes over.
So nice to know that Robert Wood Jr. woke up in a warm bed this morning. Thanks Hanover Sheriff's dept. and volunteers.
Strip My Mind!
Did I mention BYOB?
sure could always use a cpl more! Where do you live?
Someone through flour on kim kardashian at a red carpet event? LMAOOOOOO...talk about frying some chicken.
Guess that's why people use the phrase .. "no ones perfect! Mistakes made my passion a business .. mistakes make or break
someone should ask him if he knows about Grenis when they go to a concert & make a poster that says we love your Grenis xD
Getting some 2014 disco going on up in here at the moment w/ and need a disco mirror ball in venice! Whose got 1?
Altoids slogan 'Curiously strong' no longer works.There's stronger mints available. I suppose in 50 years we'll just use battery acid.
Remember: Jobs are owned by the company, you own your career! -E. Nightingale
U.S. Institutional Plan Sponsors Had Positive Start to 2012, according to Northern Trust Universe Data
When I have a daughter I'll make sure to tell her how much boys love car head.
After SEO success we better start doing what we are helping companies do... SMO!!!!
I heard that Tuesday's White House launch will stream live. We'd love to tune in. Do you have a URL?
F--k the Huge ad on the front page + now you can only read 10 articles a month? Bad long term digital strategy. 100% not likable.
spaying aerosol cans.. and eating on paper plates may cut down a tree in the back. just kidding.
yeah but its still very dead the sound gets lost its the way they built the damn thing
*cries* RT : Once they traded him away the Lakers hopes at another ring walked out with him
are you doing the demo at loretta lynn's this year?
Damn right all kids should be in school
no wile'n out!!!
“Anger is never without a reason, but seldom with a good one” - Benjamin Franklin
Thats what you think until you get lonely from him going on 6-12 month deployments.
thanks bro
I don't hate it. I have family there >.<
its prom dont be cheap“: I really want a mani/pedi instead of doing it myself but I'm too cheap wahhh why must I be so cheap”
with deep pockets!!!
if he ever disrespects you. Tape to a wall. Id love to see that xD
Mine is the whole part with Beck and Robbie and Robbies' Bully. lol
That's three games blown thanks to unforgiveable drops or turnovers by WRs this year.
The more independent artists that can make a career of their skills the more diverse the music scene will be.
well good :) I don't want my best friend to be sad!! I go to shitty ass mount Vernon <U+0001F44E> wbu?
you suck and that's like the 12456747843x you blew me off! Smh
Come join Tues Dec-22. We are having our annual customer appreciation night 6pm-close. Complimentary appetizers, Prizes and music by paris!
I just want a white girl, that acts like a black girl, that dresses like a hispanic girl, and yeah...she has to be hot.
LMAO! THeirs someone on facebook with tons of wig snatchin pics that he credits janet for!
WOOT!! ~RT : Up on the roof of KING 5! Enjoy the sun today. says the timing for the weekend looks great AGAIN!
Beauty is subjective. There are people out there who think Beyonce is ugly. Haters (lol). But she sells because people LIKE her.
So two minutes ago.
I really just don't care anymore.
Bro we made a track for you let us know what you think. Thanks we appreciate it. The link is with it
Thanks for the pass man! Good Luck with the rest of the season!
hahaha, this is my real last tweet of the night, just for 11:11<U+2665> (: goodnite everyone!
Try to forget you play for the Ravens 4 a sec. Who do u think will win the series(or tie) between them and the Steelers?
Spent most of the day by myself in the barn with my horses(: idk what I would do without my 4 legged kids/brothers!
Hahaha when my brother sets the phone down while this girl is talking his ear off and watches tv
We supported Miracle Treat Day. Blizzards for the whole family!!
i hope that chooses me to have a #GladeParty so i can share a smell-good house with friends and family!!
Hello all. Been taking some down time & having fun. Gearing up to start preparing for the San Francisco Trade Show. Excited about it! Peace
Lord. I need to put my hair up.
I know 125lbs will be great
Share at least one meal together every single day.
The looks i get from dudes drivin in trevs car is ridiculous
I love my phone!!!!!! It's sexy, I should name him already
In Internet Explorer, NVDA gets info straight from the DOM, since IE doesn't pass landmark info to the API.
Admit it. I'm the sanest person you know. And that scares you.
I have total trust in her
well then just add me as a contact and after we are done on facetime u can delete my contact from his ipod
Focus is determining what your current priority is and then directing all your energy to that priority. What's your focus?
Keep up on twitter Byron. We luv ya!
Roller derby Rec League! Here I come!!
Man, I couldn't agree more about Barajas.
off of facebook
Parents join engaged couples for pre-wedding dance lessons - Wicked Local
she acting like she a toy like no keep her but don't fucken start. with me dike v fuck there's other ppl BITCH!!
thanks for letting him now, Walter! Stop playing video games, Nate! . . . unless it's research for the story you owe me
thanks for the RT
#JustPromiseMe i will have the chance to get married one day.
When you start dreaming about your right hand, then it's time to worry.
For post-grad exp., I'm a huge fan of nonprofits. Volunteering okay per FLSA & experience comes with helping others.
aww I hope so so what the MSG say for u to start crying
I kinda had some respect for Mike Smith before tonight. It all went right out the window with the crap he's done tonight!
San Diego Region: Bayshore Bikeway Extends Mileage Through City of Chula Vista&#39;s Bayfront
what up
I need my consigliere.
": Guys, go tell Rian not to leave :(" You heard the lady!
#AllRelationshipsNeed time for each person to miss the other one. You don't need to be attached at the hip 24/7.
that happens to me all the time... I would just like to catch up on my "to-read" stack and things keep getting added to it!
what would you suggest? Lower back, hips out of alignment...please don't say exercise, eating right and weight loss.
"Into The Wild" is my favorite drinking alone song. Just in case you were wondering...
Designing an Illustrator file based on Vintage Butterflies scanned from an antique book. Finding old images is almost like treasure hunting
Looking forward to great crowd tonight!! Can't wait!! Stop on by if your in the bridgeville area RPM's 9pm!!
...chicken never fails.
Last day at Arlington elementary. Never thought I'd spend time working in a school, but very grateful for it.
I need more followers #FF me plz xD I'll return favor
Mario Gomez last minute
I'm not bigtime like heard the crib the super nice though... Happy for you and the wifey!
i forgot your invitation :/
Should probably try to go back to sleep.. Bc when me and young yambo get up we're I-10 bound <U+263A>
RT got my ride "imported" from FL. " is looking for some new interns... Must be awesome."// is awesome.
They don't call them "mock" drafts for nuthin, hermano.
If you think I wouldn't shoot a man dead for a chance to ref the puppy bowl, you've probably never spoken to me.
The World's Longest Golf Course is the International Golf Club in Massachusetts, a long par 77, 8325-yards, from the tiger tees.
CONGRATULATIONS !!!!!!! That's amazing! <3
I'm money motivated, and it's a
RT Big game for the GHF supporters and were outstanding.
do glad to here your day was amazing at - Dickson. I'm there next week for Easter!
Measure not the work until the days out and the labour done. ~Elizabeth Barrett Browning
For the next 7 hours swing by Fluid Coffee Bar and get the deal shown here: Free Coffee For CO Gives Day
value is an understatement. I see data in a whole new way now. Looking forward to seeing you again - where are you speaking next?
thank you! Thank you for coming in!
Ooh boy i think of you on two occasions && thats when i want it & thats when i need it !
My man goin in on Mike Brown LMBOO!!! How does he ignore Kobe that long?
#WhyDoIHaveTo be the one to make this work
Thanks for the mention Mark!
Well let's route hard for our team, and see how it goes!!!
"wantonly annotated twenty years ago when I was a student, that I routinely underlined for approval details and images and metaphors that
you are very welcome!
I like to party.
I am a new millennium Sinatra coppin marijuana from the neighborhood Rastas
Exercise and nutrition are important for baby boomer guys. Read my article at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
Word RT : It's your Life. It's now or never.
hey whats up
Thanks Amalia! Hope you and Brandon are well! :) Have a fun weekend.
now i know just what went wrong. i guess i wanted you more, and looking back now, i'm sure i wanted you more.
LIKE this post if you had a Great Time at Calle Ocho 2012 and enjoyed the food and music !!
Thanks for the RT, love the Bix avatar!
Had a great day today @ the creek!!! Two more days off, what to do what to do ??;-&#41;
....media told to leave because of security reasons. Too crowded in prez office.
I just got it too lost as hell lol
Get it girl! (;
you beat me to it with your last tweet hahah
YESS! Ahh I'm so excited!!! It's going to be so fun!
Relationships kill friendships
you alright?
Sleep during a thunderstorm >
I'm looking for articles on memory and narrative construction of video games. any suggestions?
Chinese wall anyone? This all nonsense: Busting banks up is the only valid move and it will never be done by a captured state.
200 kids screaming Justin Bieber lyrics
Hi Twitter...how are ya?
Campus is closed until 1 pm today! Power's out...
Why floss Money when you want a girl who has her own? Why pressure a girl for sex when u wanna female who makes you wait?# Men are confusing
shorty as me for a check i tell that bitch like no way
but it looks like they made their own visualization? That would be a #showyourwork win!
there you go lying again lol
I don't understand people half the time .
I haven't stopped smiling since this morning.
So much going on with our Blazers right now... sheesh!
Q: Why is Stevey Wonder Smiling all the time? A: He doesn't know he's black.
Hope everyone have a great exam today...good luck !
Everyone's PREGNANT !
thanks for posting the info about the forum sat. tell your friends! let's makes sure the process is open and accountable
Adele is the best! I love her!
i know. but i still have to lulz. to keep the appearances up.
Almost lunchtime! You may want to head to McD's where Big Mac Sandwiches are BUY 1 GET ONE FREE. Just saying.
And they'll have to look to social media types for guidance. :)
read your article on the POI at SMFD and OWD and couldn't figure what the watchdogging was. Could it be overreach on your part?
Oomf Gt Nigga Problems But Won't Let Me Show Her Love From A Real Nigga
so sweet haha
Agreed. Football is a physical game - but knowing what we know about concussions...it's sickening.
Got a wine thing I'm working on for March 18. Limit 20 people. Everyone invited, including effeminate lemmings. Details soon.
After the prof predicted we wouldn't need the whole 1 hr 15 min class for our midterm, every student stayed an extra half hour
Camo-ed out, gettin it in at #thebasement SWAG
Screw guys.
I cannot believe I am actually getting to bed pretty early tonight.
already will there be a season 2
Glad to hear that! Let me know whenever you stop by!
And sign it in blood?
We'll be here too! RT rad, we're going to host a zine workshop this saturday for teco( teen council) #diy or
I just love Selena Gomez, why should I explain something? IT'S MY FUCKING CHOICE, HATERS.
"Looking queerly at him, perplexed and worried, but moved inspite of herself- takes his hand uncertainly."- ANNA CHRISTIE
GOODBYE FAMOUS PPL **clicking** [UNFOLLOW] except if followed(me)!! lol =O
Justin Tuck was the MVP. If you watched the video or listen to the show you also know that I'm a Manning fan...
Haha. Well as usual thank you for writing. Can't get enough
And once we are all here...people had better take out Earthquake insurance. We're gonna shake things up!!!
gender and sexuality identity development - exploration, intellectual, emotional, social , behavioral...
You're a cutie (:
whatever yall do don't go to margeritas... They food been giving ppl food poisoning lately
that's right
Congrats for the Oprah show ! We would love to have your film screened.
is wondering whether or not she's "Tweeting!"
CM Punk vs Chris Jericho!!! WWE Title on the line!!!! #WrestleMania Let's Go CM Punk!
sure thing!
May the odds forever be in your favor chicka. <3
More celebs need to use their celebrity status as effectively. Protesting, posting video clips, and engaging the press will help.
Is the Essence Music Festival in New Orleans a good event to display fine artwork? #New Orleans
hope you are doing great, been off twitter for a bit on a job.
Great to see all the comments from Illinois and Minnesota bashing #boryan and the #badgers. Sick of getting beat every year, boys?
hahahahaha English was so much fun last year
Free extra beer week passport available! Pickup near all day or later tonight. inquire within. :)
Everything you see isn't always what it appears to be
Looks like I'll be spending the back half of May in Toronto. One #movie shooting, one in development with another starting as the reason.
I don't know...kinda up to u
Remember when we actually made Advertising?
Karen Mack, nice shout out from Garcetti #lamayor lamayorforum
She apparently came out.
My boyfriend's love of biking and instagram has gotten serious. It's all he ever talks about or wants to do. Bike and take pictures. Da fuck
Can't wait for Brewers and Packers today!
I'm not sure if you're ready...
#safewayj4u Questions about the Safeway Save 4 u? Ask me now...they're here to answer them!
(Buddha)All that we are is a result of what we have thought+ (E.Nightingale)You become what you think about+ [Prov23:7]As We Think So Are We
Very suddenly, my 15 yr. old, who has CP, is reading much better. Seems like his eyes are working better, mind open to it? Less frustrated?
Just at an emotional standstill right now.
Me, too. But at least it's my birthday! lol
All right, I've been hangin' at 799 followers for 2 days now & I can't hold my breath any longer! Help a girl out over THAT hump, will ya?
Me and babe got a cake for prom<U+0001F382>
Headed to knoxville!!
The difference between agencies is the difference in their standards!
Once in awhile, you get schooled. ' presentation of #SummerPasture is just that. Confident camerawork, patient filmmaking..
Networking on the Cape tonight, interesting people and great deep dish pizza at Chicago Pizza
ask an attendant for a #CharlieCard or find them literally scattered on the ticket machines #thingsthatshouldbemoreorganized!
RT : choreographers: listen to Mark Morris and use live music. Can't afford a whole orchestra? How about a chamber ensemble!
seems like just yesterday #OneTime came out. time flys. happy 18th birthday justin<33 :)
Join the conversation about mLearnCon Conference & Expo; add the hashtag #mLearnCon to your tweets.
We have a great dane/mastiff mix = big baby :)
This weather needs to make up its mind !!
when will we get another austream? I NEED TO SEE YOUR BEAUTIFUL FACE<3
Powerful! "I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not. " - Kurt Cobain
So FB now tells you when people read your IM's & messages. Lmao so youll now know when people read your shit, and just ignore you!
alright seriously time to pack for dallas... which jerseys to bring?
Rachel turns 21 in 17 hours. Am I dreaming this look out arizona
RT heading to Nashville this Wednesday to record 3 new songs and shoot another music video! so #excited !!!! :D
haha touché ! Good game man hope rest of season goes well!
Watching the breakfast club<U+2764>
took my boy to watch a few races at Gulfstream today. Love watching the horses.
tell them you broke your finger& ill wrap it up and send you with a doctor excuese tomorrow :) # PlanForEverything
#What2ChainsWouldSay "In Walmart, leanin doe , my shoppin cart , I'm steering ho they ask me my favorite cere-al , I holla back , CHEERIOOS"
got sick during basketball practice now i feel dizzy
can you check out www.youtube.come/SashMarie97 please? I'm going to post more videos soon :)
A letter writer does not need to receive an email request to submit electronically, they need only log on to our site.
Thanks for RTs!
I hate when I write like a paragraph and I get back a "Oh" like I just send you a paragraph and all you say is Oh
LOVE YOU TOO!
Just had an idea. Major Paul & Paul Show vs. Outta Boundz -- Softball challenge. Maybe one game, maybe a series.
you read my mind Tyler. That's what I was about to do! Damn you to hell FB!
The mentally disabled often find it difficult or impossible to go thru life without some type of assistance. Never be afraid to ask for help
Do you know what an #Ironman Champion does after breaking course record? Golf of course! Crowie spotted at #Kona Country Club.
I love it out there, even if I bitch about it the whole time I'm there lol
Iron on?
I hope your day is full of beautiful surprises and your day is as wonderful as you are. "Happy Valentine’s Day"
Tonight come hang out at for & the Underdawgs! Shows starts at 11p w/ Stoogies&
Why Is today going by so slow!
her: i mean, we're talking about bombay, so they're OBviously not gonna be renovating anytime time soon-- me: what does that mean? her: ..
i'm going to make a goal to write 1 song per week.....
May the Fourth be with you
Do you think if I drive around with my laundry in the trunk another day I can consider it a steam cleaning? I hate laundrymats. Always drama
Kpbs is back on the air. Thanks for your patience!
It's Fan Friday... Tell us the year, make and model of your first car. Better yet if you have a picture of it post it.
This is the first year in 3 years that I won't be with for prom!!:(
Houston traffic <<
Players, take notice: money never sleeps.
Dear update your blog more frequently. It's going on 5 days.
Just heard that the girl shot in PSq passed away -- so incredibly sad...
I agree. I want to climb him.
power. everyone wants power and love
Rep McDermott - I am a constituent of yours, and I opposed SOPA & PIPA.
ASKALEX, wanna follow your best friend's bed? ;)
"If people are trying to bring you down, it only means that you are above them."
Recall uses RFID to help enforce security and enhance efficiency for their customers.
I'm expanding my job search by using Twitter.
Heading to Springfield tonight for my show at Mordecais on Main 930-1230. Come hang out with us-BH
Alan, from another motherless child, hoping you're okay. It's hard.
why are you just now following me on twitter.....
dropped a class to focus on #jstechhelp. i'd rather learn digital marketing by DOING, rather than sitting in a classroom...
Awake and ready to conquer the world.
Thank you for the follow as well. Looking forward to your tweets.
( yes. I would like to. very much. )
Hockey playoff time
I keep it real
AHH the link is broken. Stupid wordpress. Hold on a second people.
thanks to you sir.
Resolution #1: Finish projects, e.g. that R. Kelly/C.S. Lewis mashup "Trapped in the Wardrobe."
A little Lawrence Welk to pregame the Flyers game.
Hey Gardner! Haven't seen you in 30 years! How's life?
Scott said Hugo was the best movie he saw all year.
Whatever Busta Rhymes just said.
2011.09.19 #Cubs 5 #Brewers 2 | Magic number stuck / Crew hits Cubs-size bump in road / while Cards silence Phils
Do people not know their pictures are blurry? #howsyourvison?
Joe! Good luck with whatever you got going on today!!!
I feel you needed a little knowledge from me we haven't spoken in a minute, I can't give you too much over twitter though..Lol
Thanks a billion! RT : My fave #ultralight pitch is Good stuff!
Grammar: the difference between knowing your shit and knowing you're shit.
can not believe we are communicating on twitter, who would have thought 30 years ago!Enjoy weekend. Speak soon! Love. X
The Sports Freak agrees with Woodley on this one!! RT I like espn but seriously NO ONE CARES ABOUT BONDS' TRIAL!
s/o to my new Followers
what about Lily Tomlin as his ma?
Orange you glad to be a #Broncos fan!
DW: One of the greatest challenges of curating this exhibition is fitting 400 years of music history into a gallery space.
Why give it away for free or pay insurance for what you are not even using? Dollars for Junk Cars of Atlanta can pay you cash for your...
I know, but the #Clarisonic is seriously wonderful. The Mia is the smaller one and it is only $149, but #Olay is $28, hm....
These Shahs os sunset girls are idiot mean girls too ....
2012 is going to be our year #YBPartyCampaign2012. Making major moves behind the scenes
Stadium may be big winner in cricket tourney: "This is what we've anticipated for many years, bringing international top level cricke...
San Diego city council votes to support next step in effort to expand San Diego's Convention Center. Expansion will create jobs in San Diego
I see what I want...the prob is the bitches around the fly trap! I'm a bee in my trap
My pet peeve is fans who can't spell peeve right in a tweet!
this aint no picnic bitch!!! Hahaha said you always use to say it from malibus most wanted lol
I saw a place in Buffalo years ago where the toilet was in the main living area with a 4' wall around it.
"No men in the world of a more insolent spirit... before they begin a matter & more abject if they do miscarry." Pepys on French, 1661.
Many ppl think they can!
some nigga my mans know ?
Thanks for the #ff!
Editing has resumed. Look out independent film world!
RT Follow Fabulous Females Friday!
thanks for the #Favorite and #Retweet. That too cool of you and I appreciate it.
Zombies came to my house and there is blood everywhere
Awful way to begin the morning. Dumb circumstances.
Problem is I hadn't noticed it before especially when it comes to recent writers.
Follow me!!! I follow back!!:))
was it worth it, I hope?!
how the hell does ANYONE see that as even?
RIP RT : CNN is reporting that Dick Clark has passed away. He was 82.
It doesn't take 20 minutes to put on gas...
#Fusion2012 Comm Impact-Arts Ensemble/Collective nominees: New Dawn Theater Co & NE Atlanta Ballet - Good Luck!
yep...his cowardice is LEGENDARY
8 o'clock classes fuccin SUCK
he said that if you have an appointment that conflicts with the game, you're excused.
Great week of classes!! Great group of creative actors working on their craft, WHILE working in the business.
Just a couple, but they're whores.
Last final which I will be failing <<
Ten minutes late to class - still in my seat before the teacher is in the room.
you shud do dinner with padma and all the money you get could go to a foundation...I would love to have dinner with you.
Training instructor has a line of 4 red bulls and a Starbucks espresso drink, said it's his job to be strung out for training
#EverybodyHasTheFamilyMember that you never talk to anymore because they took one of your parents for granted
Out paying my bills
Okay. I have a rehearsal tonight so I need to have some major time with my script now. See you all soon.
You're just begging me to unfollow you when you tweet your horoscope.
biden: "dude, you said 'no homo' under your breath too, right?" obama: "oh most definitely." *fist bump* *giggles*
where have YOU been sir ?
omg -__- lol wtf did you just wake up from an hour ago?? lol
fantastic. Would love to talk with you more?
when are you playing out in Milwaukee? I would love to put a show together with you. Maybe Mid May?
I gave myself a pass, since I got about 15 minutes of sleep last night.
Thanks for Following!
": the major difference is that we Win in the playoffs #GoSpursGo!!
project pat b bumpin .. idgaf if its old
thanks. person who I'd RTed told me later!
I love you too baby <3
#IKnowThisOneGirl who lost her house, and ate till she got sick, and she ain't doin that well. Get help now, it's why we're here! (:
appeals procedures 4 Olympic events very short. 30 mins for protest, 30 mins for appeal. Must pay filing fee in Swiss francs
chillin at my gma house for the day
The only way to fix higher education is for employers to stop giving a shit about the piece of paper. Hire skills, not degrees.
goddamn it M. Night Shamalan, get off Alain's twitter account
Text me.
Going to see The Raven with the madre.
are you saying this is distinct from the 'extra chapters' which are in the apocrypha? (whih i've never read, btw....)
Sunndy Sunday morning in Chicago. Day of catch up in work, workout and organizing.
Our pleasure! Glad it worked out! RT : Spoke to Debbie this morning. Terrific lady! Thanks for helping me out!
you ok
Ambition is my shit and I put that on my name
flip in between the commercials broseph
How big of a role does cerberus play?
Thanks for coming out last night.
President Obama's #MarriageEquality Proclamation Trumps North Carolina!!
seriously the sweetest thing I have ever seen :)
Thx all for lifting my spirits. Special thx to my #educoach comoderators &
har har har. Well in that case I'll be sure to listen!! :)
What if instead of elevators, we used ferris wheels?
A rise in energy positive materials (piezoelectric, solar, ambient microwave). You are the power plant.
Hey love, I hope you're having a blessed day!!!! :-)
Robert...do you like movies with gladiators? Have you been to a turkish prison? Have a good break
You're a fuckin idiot
It seems as if you don't care if you loose me . . .
happy cinco de mayo bud :) lol
Want to send a big shout out to Congrats on winning the contest, we practically doubled second place!
Debating the need for a microwave in my office. I'm against it. No 1 else is. But I'm the boss, so we don't have 1. go to messdeck 4 that
I was initially concerned with only 16gb of internal memory and no microSD port on my phone. Now I don't think I'll ever use it all.
Excited for a potential gig at The Birchmere...!
can't wait for this all-nighter i'm going to have to pull tonight…
Linkage Awards ram pack
TODAY! 11 am-1 pm Campus Martius. Good food! Eat it!
Watching Project X til I fall asleep
SAT word of the day: credulity (n.) readiness to believe
If you missed any of Michael Bergdahl's interviews, pick up the podcasts on our website! Today we talked about setting expectations!
“Remember this! Adversity is easier to endure than an unfulfilled dream.” George Zalucki
finish this quote...are you ready?
Getting highlights!
So shady
#FF she's an incredible inspiration to those trying to get fit and be healthy. Plus she's an awesome friend :)
Headed to the doctors for my allergies.
God is a funny guy!
I really have to catch every redlight...
Why do u draw up a play for jennings? He's been off all night.
It's sad how I've been up since 5:30am
I think it would be awesome if compiled all of the clips that couldn't be shown on TV, and turned it into a movie.
Oh...<remind self to NOT sleep on stomach>...the pain!! <Acid reflux strikes with a vengeance!>...That bloody hurts! <throat on fire!>
no like early to mid-twenties and he looked like Peter but a bit bigger
lol I'm enjoying it before I get into my 30-40 hr weeks!
I was at the ending
isn't it ironic that it's called men-opause?
Hey Quira, Chris Jordan would you join Sociallinx, A Global Social Network for Hospitality Pros, A Hospitality Resource for the World....
Love our walkers! RT : HeyLupus, ur starting 2 weaken, more survivors have failed your plans of destruction. WE WILL DEFEAT U
Hell yes! RT : Holy shit... We play the Crystal Ballroom in 4 days. Pretty stoked about that.
Why do y'all keep talking to Joe Oliver? Please stop.
Brady got left out of the MVP talk ! Y any 1 ?????
Hmm. Secrecy. What a thing of things.
alls good except #Knicks suckin haha..I'm in #LA in 3 weeks..let's hit the town homie!
this literally made me LOL (: ~Megan
Man I just love Mondays.
Swat City in OKC.
Two words I never thought I'd see collocated: "kitten huffing". Dare I ask?
March is Nutrition Month. What is one thing you can do to add better nutrition to your lifestyle?
So jealous of everyone at Livestrong for the SKC game!!! Go KC!!
Next thing on my bucket list run a 5k.... Who's with me ?
Finally made an Instagram. I'm a photographer now, right?
Shout out to who just jnd twttr. Awsme bb and good guy. He will hv some ctchg up 2 do with tweets
Looking forward to Steelers vs. Packers in two weeks!!!
OMG I LOVE IT <3333 the last one. and wow it took that long to write 2 sentences..
#whateverhappenedto my sex life? Seriously, my ex-wife took that away from me too.
Swiss Miss and whipped cream you crazy girl, but that good kinda crazy
follow a #beauty please?<3
um, well, it's def raunchy (aka soft porn), but i really like the story line
yeah right.. then he has to fly to Miami! :o
Is your book not available on the Ipad or Kindle? Tell me it isn't so. I have several people who need this book now.
The black person always dies in the horror movies cause their the smartest....and they don't fall
I ain't competing with u. Just letting u know where u stand ;) . Then again, I gone from 130 to 126
What's up, world? How is everybody today?
oh god. im nervous
Subterranean show in Chicago was a blast. Thanks to , , for helping us put on a great show.
And the next star eliminated from #DWTS...is...Gladys Knight
sold out sir
I didn´t finish my homework for tomorrow EHEHE
May the Fourth be with you... :)
Christmas is one of the most popular holidays in the US. This is the time of the year when people get together +
If I say to you "wow, that's crazy" in our conversation, chances are, I'm not listening to you.
Wish the book were available on Kindle!
Awesome. 1469 State St. I told them I knew exactly who 2 tweet. They said they were "just waiting for city"...
Good first day! Tired though...
Barely slept, now I'm up finishing a brief primer on George Clinton. I guess there are worse things I could be doing on two hours sleep.
writing synopses is easily one of my least favorite things.
PLEASE FOLLOW-- <U+0001F49B>
. It is obvious that Charlie Angus was following the wrong Twitterers. The people I follow always make my day more interesting.
Still having issues with z-index, Flash & wmode. Somebody please help me.
RT : Glass half full: I’m proud that my verbally advanced 2-yo daughter could tell the doctor EXACTLY how the Lego got in her nose.
it was so delicious, I got the portobello this time...looking forward to an actual burger in the future. What's ur favorite?
NOW LOOK AT ME
You have two "superstars" and you let Mario Chalmers shoot the last shot? The Heat are a joke.
Meeting up with a veteran/avid cyclist near Wilmington. Gotta get some tips on business and bicycles. Away we goo!!
being cooked lol
Bitch I’m the bomb like tick tick
Nah. I get a #BeautyandtheBeast feel since I watched the original series back in the 80s. Kids today. ;-)
Finally done packing and cleaning. Hesus Christo.
Good Nights.
": I hate driving every car but mine" same, you have an awesome trunk ;)
Hey...Happy Easter! I hope all is well.
The show was amazing...big ups to edify2
Looking through the unopened goodie bag to see what I can give away on
awh! But it's good! It's amazing to see who actually plays Elmo!
I will hold my tongue on this whole North Carolina thing until I know all the facts and form my own opinion.
Had a conversation with Joe Pantoliano(Matrix, Sopranos, Bad Boys 2) about the business earlier. You never know who you could befriend.
Fuck. I'm about to cry all my makeup off from this show.
Finished with a solid 20 points!
Watching The Borgias the 1st season
#WhatIFindAttractive someone just like you kian :)
I have to turn our air conditioning on if it gets above 80 degrees cuz the fatty bulldog overheats easily. I don't wanna turn it on in March
It's gonna be awesome watching all the youngins trying to stuff their vinyl in their laptops.
Happy St Patrick's Day! Don't Drink & Drive
i just moved back, and with the acception of this weekend. seattle has not been very friendly. :)
i hate when people stop texting me in the middle of a conversation
As Temple gets ready for spring semester, check out our Study Away Programs website for brochures & applications! Deadlines Feb.15th&March 1
Thanks for the mention and the conversation.
It bothers me when there is stuff in my Macbook trash bin.
thanks homie!! Yes we do, lots!
eddie vedder, why do you get boners live on stage? not that i'm complaining, it's just an odd place to get a boner idk
they both are.. Lol
It really dosent matter what u try 2 say ..if i had a ladder up their is where id b their fukin with my mind ..do it all the time
if your profile is locked i will not be following you.. #unlockit (:
I know you'll always be there no matter what. Even if the whole world walks away ~
i wish i could watch this ahahah
Who wanna be Mrs Myers ?
achieving maximum performance in generations X-Y-Z (ZOOMER) depends on understanding key differences in motivation and mindset
congrats!! that is awesome!!
2012 is the Myan prediction the end of the earth
Thank you, Elise Cantu! I appreciate you!
"Get equity or die trying" I'm so middle class..Yay!
Tho I hardly have time, ever, to watch much tv, when I do, I can't get enough of #UnderCoverBoss #jerseylicious + Investigation Discovery :)
Yes but it's on a show-by-show basis. So check back about a week b4, to see if we are offering RUSH for our Broadway shows
My capstone class has successfully taken things I love and made them less enjoyable.
If you like our sound, please support our band by downloading your favorite song at 99 cents/song, signing up as a fan and telling your...
Great to find your magazine! Will have to check it out! :)
juussttiinnn you should follow me c:
RT Real Eyes Realize Real Lies
damn you know your childhood is over when you fall asleep on the couch and wake up on the couch.
I am so proud of the people from "Melrose" that are graduating Tuesday, y'all did it! <U+0001F44D><U+0001F44D><U+0001F393><U+0001F393><U+0001F389><U+0001F389>
Yo #indy is bout to see some big names when the Miami Heat travel to naptown for the playoffs!
Facebook buys Instagram for 1 billion... Dominance 101, buy them up before they really hurt you.
thanks, Kathleen LOVE LOVE LOVE Prevention not Prescriptions site!! You totally rock for creating it!!
It's never too late to retweet something that you like. :-D Thanks!
lol. I know many don't like him but I do think he is playing more D than he has ever played in his career. I like Melo
My ex-boss John #Stossel has a #FoxNews show on at 10pm Eastern tonight, _No, They Can't!_, on #govt failing in countless ways.
Maybe I'd look forward to work if every day didn't start with a big ball of frustration. ...the ball of gas in my stomach isn't helping.
I only like running when it's track season, but if I feel like I'm getting chubby I exercise.
Storms+classes < my bed
They can hate all they want, but Omega is taking over in San Antonio.
that guy is awesome.
We hv a booth there too. Hope 2 c u. RT : I stopped by with to see you! Could you tell me when...
during the rollicking weddin' festivities last night I brutalized my toe & now it's purply & I'm limping. The trials of a dancing machine.
Still up. My sleep schedule has always been jacked up.
On tap today: Load/Save program banks and some exploratory sound design. VST Instrument alpha soon!
DM I wish you were here too! What its blt?
dude what the fuck is your problem! Talking shit like that to them....
Im ready to start working !!!
Life Enrichment Center News: April 24, 2012
- yes, ma'am! We always mention the good tweets at 6:50. So, if you're ever feeling clever. be clever early :-)
The wrong people always get with the right people & fuck it up for the people that was right for the right people!
wishes to celtics guard marquis daniels for a fast recovery
T-minus 17 minutes until the next round of shoots. Silversun Pickups is pretty great prep music btw.
What brilliant romantic comedy should we watch in the shop today?
saw that. Figured their CMS could handle it. Asked them to fix.
do you have a lot of scenes with ?? i hope so! :)
:) I've got to go back and listen to it. I don't remember a thing I said.
Morning Rockstars! > In the hopes of reaching the moon men fail to see the flowers that blossom at their feet. - Albert Schweitzer
What a lovely Tuesday. Now I can't wait to see the inside of my eyelids! Lol Goodnight!
I wanted to join you, but we're too short-staffed here right now. I expect tweet by tweet updates.
My favorite part of Beauty and the Beast was when Bella was impressed with the Beast library. I knew a girl like that once.
Movie Tip: Tom Hanks fans, if you are thinking of watching "Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close" don't. All you get is an annoying kid.
rub it in.
Missed what was said, but I'm a fan of praise. Thanks Scott! Appreciate the mention.
yeah. he was like, if i dont get laid, i'll take jessica. i was like, dick.
Change is the enemy of the comfortable. Status quo is acceptable only to those who fear that the future will be worse than the present.
Like “Chunk Light Tuna” In A Blender Set To Puree …So Are The “Days Of Our Lives.”
very great stuff to eat! 4 me it's great
AA are young but are big spenders. Most AA are 1st gen Xers
Vroom: I think we need to sit down as a Rep body to decide who should sit on this committee so people aren't dissatisfied with the product.
I must have those cupcakes
Cast of Pirates of the Caribbean won a fucking Grammy!
Going to watch my friends entertain me with jokes.
Me and Jordan Benker
Need holiday gift ideas? Check out www.casabalt.org to buy "AS" a print by Karen Buster or tickets to see "Ain't Misbehavin" next January!
Girls and Guys shouldn't fight in twitter its dumb
Cut off fake people for real reasons, not real people for fake reasons.
The smell of hash browns right now <<<
Morning!! :o Today you should have a Pear.
c'mon I love Ozzy and his Santeria practicing ass. We know he's batshit crazy, that's part of his charm
giada de laurentiis book signing for my sister in law's birthday gift. Heyo!
thanks for the follow! Do you have retail outlets or strictly wholesale for your pure Ceylon tea?
Check this video out SOLO XQUZIT"FEEL MY SWAGGER"and dance called "SWAGG SWAERING"youtube.com/watch?v=mRuX7L6Rm44&feature=share via
You too, Wendy.
MY iPHONE IS ON iCRACK.. SMH
it is~~ with her being violent I'm the only one she's nice to ;~;
Wow, the #Cowboys are going to win despite their own opine and the refs.
how is it?
Wishes I knew calculators could do imaginary numbers and the e thing. Would've prolly saved me time on the stupid EOC
thank you my friend :) May the Lord bless you !
forsure just ask me tomorrow!
was that your mom selling your raffle tickets? I know that was your little brother that was behind the table thingy.
shit I believe it lol": Illuminati RT : Starting to really believe tha Kennedy family is really cursed...smh that.some ish"
- Glad you enjoyed this post. Thanks!
It's "The Adventure" from Angels & Airwaves.
15min to sleep before going to practice!!
Glad to hear you love the Aviator!!! Let us know if there is anything we can help with!!!
Thanks for the RT! Really appreciate it. :)
MT Obama on disagreeing on w/other Christians: "Not only Christ sacrificing himself on our behalf, but it’s also the Golden Rule."
Worried about toxins and how they effect health? Join us1/11 @ 12 in the Rines...McKay Jenkins speaks about "What's Gotten in to Us?".
Good Luck today seeking the sweep
thank you god for waken me up this morning to see another day
If you "like" Hopes High on facebook you will get a free download of our song Move Stop Wait!!! DO IT!!! www.hopeshigh.com
Thanks for following us. Stay tuned for more updates as we continue to analyze our data
That's AWESOME! RT : at Blogworld I'm going to hand out my index cards as I read them.
How do do I always end up getting bruised playing flag football? This time, slightly bruised ribs
What's going on tonight MKE? Where are YOU going?
i am who i be who u
they're most likely going to say no because of my tattoos & the fact that I'm gay.
Im sad cause today i fell and cut my lip and my knee still hurts and i asked my mom if she hed ointment for me to put on and like 1 min. (c)
There's a new face in the GC Accounting department this week! We're always excited to have new people--blog introduction coming soon!
I'll try to make it out, Are you coming to my show at JJ May 23rd???
*not thinking about it*
God say its gone be days like this but DAMN I aint know it was gone be like this....
When your hourglass runs out of sand you can't flip it over and start again
Fat free ranch dressing + cucumbers = best invention ever. :0
Might as well look cute while sitting by the pool right?
LATE TO WORK!
You should check out our site/app! We would love to be featured on wsvn!
Shooting a PSA tomorrow.
Reminder: Because the takes place tomorrow, we have rescheduled our first meeting for 11/8.
awe you're welcome! You are the pawesomest ever from pawfiniti & beyond! :}
Catch me opposite Kelli Garner on PAN AM (Episode 13) titled "ROMANCE LANGUAGES" tonight 2/12/2012 at 10PM on ABC!!!
"[Anne-Marie] Kinney is a Southern California Camus." -Susan Salter Reynolds reviewing RADIO IRIS in Los Angeles Magazine
Hml if u tryna get up this evening, I'm down for the cause!
Hey, Campbell. Hows about my treating you at next time we can both get away. Call it an early Father's Day gift
Oh dear, he better run for cover. I'm going to abuse him. Ha.
Now I Got A Headache From This Thinkin
tone of voice?
After a full plate of food from Thanksgiving, I'm back to a full plate of school work- 3 weeks worth of it. Christmas break where are you?!
I don't understand why my dad is telling me I needa get a job...like wtf.
Congrats on the launch of your company, ! SO exciting!
At the dentist...fun about to get some gas
As advocates of SmartGrowth and PlanMaryland, we are proud of and the septic reform bill.
My pleasure! Glad I could help.
add "motherfucker, don't you ever forget." on to that, and you've got a song.
heading up north to visit the Russian River! Fun times, and kayaks what more?
Thx 4 chking my IMDB. Yes, news on that soon :) RT How ya been! like the IMDB update. R u playing music anytime soon?
Be nice to everyone and they will be nice to you #yogabbagabba gets it why can't the rest of the world get it
Love it! A guitar and fishing pole...nothing beats it! Life is good at Pensacola Beach!
i don't think you understand what you did to me when we first met. it was a whole new feeling. i miss that.
My body is so ready for Warped Tour.
I'm going to go insane one if these days.
I got TMS!
How the fuck can you leave Carrick out of the team!! Are you fucking blind!! Hope you get spanked in the group stages!
Watching WWE DVD easter egg xtras.
our first date! We are about to get dessert. See you Saturday!!!
Things are good! And bless you for saying we don't all need to write blogs to be good marketers. :-)
Good god that was depressing!!!! #seeprevioustweet Maybe Calabria radio is in order. Going to run off the ick.
Seriously mixed feelings, I need to think about this.
spent the afternoon trying to remedy my server issue .... cord was unplugged!!
it's my birthday!!!
C DeLucia mentions a book titled "Decolonizing Methodologies," says the best work on this stuff comes from Maori context
It takes a second to say hello but forever to say goodbye... Moving on is easy but what u leave behind is what makes it hard
too bad that you want tobe someone else, you don't see yr own face, yr own beauty.Yet, no face is more beautiful than yours.
how did it go down?
yea you can get your dick in that GURLS vagina
I love waking up to him<3
Yup, goodnight twitter <U+0001F614>
Our Stoplight party is tonight! Don't miss it!
Cookies = Awesomeness! Ha Is that a word?!?! ; )
Imma call when I get out of this movie
Try Bypass at the game tonight & let me know what you think. You can order concessions from your smartphone and skip the line.
Thank you Shady Lady for the awesome parking spot!!! Let's rock this Friday night Gypsy Style!!!
Thank you!
haha well that a little weird.
Why do you assume you are anything? ? -Michael Jeffreys
RT : Hungry? Get FREE BREAKFAST @ The Wave Hotel in MIAMI! $75/nt on OCEAN DRIVE w/ NO Resort Fees & FREE VIP Club Passes. ...
Antonio J is the name and directing is my game lol
I'm a big girl now, in my big girl shoes. -
where you been at homie? was just around your hood
I would've told my mom happy mothers day at 12 but because she decided to go get drunk... My plans have failed :/
What is love.?
Low key evening of pizza from Noah's followed by some delicious cookie dough ice cream and a movie.
Same tweet keep repeating itself in my head smh
me gusta your picture. Too bad half of my face is chopped.
Barca: Leg Council lawyers and LRB director say Act 10 can't take effect due to LRB action today; only Sec. of State can order pub
Hi! Might you like to join us May 5/6 for our annual Spring Plant Sale? 400-500 ppl expected. DM if interested!
I didn't feel safe taking you to that one
War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
you want us to?
"when we buy or consume, it's like voting" Rafael, Northwestern university food service worker
stoked on all your tweets about
Mobile marketing: targeting by exact location is not as easy as ppl think & not as effective. Zip codes smarter. via
Even Michael Landrum Doesn ’t Know What Michael Landrum Is Up To At Ray ’s Hell Burger Too
If Hank Williams Jr. wasn't a douche maybe someone would take him seriously
#TwSIG Positive and negative uses of Twitter in teaching. There will be links to references on the website.
I think hockey is one of the best sports ever! People who don't appreciate it, is missing out!
oversaturated by the social media spammers. u r fast forwarding the opportunity u preach.
You are BRILLIANT on the show & I already can't wait to see where your character is going this season!
Either the server's dragging or Twitter's just unresponsive today. Sorry if I tweet @ u in multiples.
downtime is important even when you love what u do. too much is too much- to be the master of the obvious ;)
I dont think so. I suck at this RT #Scorpio's can cut through facades and see right down to the core of someone.
super funny
I knew it was you mama(: Gonna enjoy this.
WE JUST SEE ALL IN PINK <3
Busy preparing for new board member orientation. UV, x-rays, infrared, and some wicked snacks this evening. Pulling out all the stops!
Thank you! Did you have some time to watch any shows?
Cause it's actually kinda far. Like two hours away and I never have a reason to go
yes ! Mario Gomez did :)
One thing after another ... man .... Life don't play no games.
LOLOL I just noticed my 3,000th tweet was to and I didn't even realize it. (: WOO! 3,000 TWEETS!
Hot off the waffle iron: The SanDisk Sansa Clip+ is offically Waterproof! Get stoked and buy one.
<U+272C>Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your good health has vanished.<U+272C> Og Mandino
Baby that's love and there ain't no stoppin' it.
Graphic Of The Americas Show last week was a success for MPN, AutoClam and Crest #Diecutter strong interest
Booked a good part in a feature and a thing on travel channel.
take me with:)
this is 100x better tho, and I'm not that worried about Lock going down, but I'm keeping limited money on their just to be safe
accepting the reality of the PhD by recycling grad school materials--priceless!
Bored And Sleepy ! Ugh What A Boring Weekend Bro :( -.-
Dis damn beer is nasty as hell #bud ice
could go to PHYC for Mexican Night, but think I will create it right here at home
Quick question. What's your favorite Boston Skate Spot?
An #Orioles / #Nationals World Series would be awesome.
ur not alone in ur lust 4 Kate, plenty of guys think she's hot. I just think there are models that are way more attractive.
Next stop WORK at Submercer tonight and Night People Saturday where we celebrate the births of and
What says "I love you" more th
Thanks for the follow: RT #SCOPEBasel Pass Competition & get a #SCOPENYC 2013 Day Pass!
I already miss cheer.
It's telling that top results in Goole search points to Wikipedia entries for anything I care about. Easy heuristics. The rest is shit.
When it's love, it's never the right time to say goodbye.
Pub-->bar-->marshalls
Came to Woodbury for a gift basket. Ended up going to Colonial for old bay fries instead.
Refs are terrible! C'mon !!!!
Looks like it. I'll try and catch you next time I'm out east. Agree it was a great meeting...
Going to Brandon Wells Twitter class! It should be cool!
Bwahahaha!--“: Chaz Bono is probably my favorite Transformer.”
Finished my gloves. Do you know in the four years of my business, this is the FIRST pair of gloves I've made for myself?
but I am le tired.
check your DMs, ma'am :-)
You think you know EVERYTHING
Tomorrow is last day for: double points on Thai Coconut Chicken Soup, and to Check-In to Win an iPad2
In love with 's music. <3
Are there any conference presenters that you would like to see present a follow up CAI webinar?
Friday Jazz at Enso: Neil Gordon Trio (2/18)
Think I want a bowl of fruit loops
in a bit, watching a movie!
Good Morning, Lube Nation! Don't have any Easter leftovers? No problem! Come to The Lube for lunch today!
just a little :)
happy easter everyone.thank you Jesus
RIP MCA. great rapper and pioneer of music
Hey how do I get to go to the Maxim Party in Indy? I am heading to the Super Bowl (hopefully my niners will be in it).
Been on them kites early...
Mhm. My feelings say that my English is so bad.
Hell yeah !! <3
Bein dead broke is the root of all evil
I bet it was that dinner my grandma cooked!!! She out to get me >.<
Hello monday i still dont like you but ill try and deal with you sincerely every who doesnt work or go to school weekends
Why is OK to go after the 1st lady, but not Ann Romney??? Its fair game. Deal with it righties.
The amount of data created this year will equal the amount of data ever created in the history of man. - from the "Agnostic, Maybe" blog
To have great poets, there must be great audiences. - Walt Whitman
My frenn not texting me back
Yeah , people are definitely going to be surprised with the things im yet to accomplish , like I said , this is THE SUMMER , MY summer :D
“: marry me? ;)”... I dont know if im ready for my first wife yet.
The best way to deal with the BS at work is to do legs til I get cripple and have to crawl home!
Success doesn't bring happiness, happiness brings success..
Investing could be in property or stocks a teacher suggested invest in utilities he believed it most stable stock option
I have to wait longer to talk shit?! :\
We've corresponded a bit. He does some great data analysis and visualization!
With time and patience, the mulberry leaf becomes satin. With time and patience the mulberry leaf becomes a silk gown. -Chinese proverb
Thanks again, Neil!
I'm gone and you're all alone.. Its just you and your echos.
Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends
Be Happy ToDaY IS A FUNNY daY =P PLEASE foolow ME ThAnKs !! :D
Some #FF action for authors on my kitchen shelf:
Hey dahling!! Hope u are doing great! Take care
Ladies! We will never be able 2 get delivered 4rm guys who don't treat us right-If we continue 2 allow them to.
Isn't it! I found it on San Diego Bargain Mom's facebook fan page.
I like to live in safe environments too. I don't like dodging bullets and I work my ass off so I don't have to.
Someone let "Fix You" play as the losing Little League team walked off field today "When you try your best, but you don't succeed.."BAD CALL
If I'm not follow u back, lemme know...my twitter wanna be an asshole.
foreigners travel to get quality health care - to Cuba & the U.S. The issue is whether all of us have access to it
I accept him fully as a person and I love him as family but I hate him like family too.
Go to bed at 8, wake up at 2?
I don't know why there isn't a rain cloud over my head.
ok dude, welcome onboard!
I love you with all my heart :)
FRIDAY! ... what to do this weekend ...
Omg, dis bitch. I need to get the hell outta here.
Finished with a first draft of my dissertation! I've written 360 pages in the last four months.
just caught 1/2. Seems to have promise
im trying...
enjoy miami you little biotch.
Check out the new twitter account to find or share available places to live !
Developer to auction off Lincoln County properties
I need to watch more on them but I'm not worried.
Good bye Spirit Lake! Heading back to Georgia.
lmfaoooo hell no! im not twitpicking him
Wahhhh… I can't sleep, anyone know a good lullaby???
oh crap, somebody better go and, make sure Joey O. doesn't do anything drastic...
is the balls, and that's no lie.
It isn't enough to be active in your industry. You must innovate and think ahead of the competition to be successful
RT : Chef Mejia's wine and food demo for the Tournant Society was amazing!
tanks God. Or else you'd Unfollow me. Ps u owe me coffee.
and 8:53pm. 1 hr post ingestion of unsealed hummus. Still not dead. Still thinking we made right call on white bean.
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Celebrate with us by ordering Felipe's Taqueria!
Happy Mothers Day to the most amazing mother in the world... Mine! I love you Mama! :)
OH: The people who comment on trending topics are trolls.
all good! live tweeted the event 2.
RT : RT The call number is just an address
both are awesome!
wat it dew
follow back chickaa ;)
words to live by
#Tru get better homes I'll check back then.
yes it was :D and where do u live ?:)
Happy Friday
Car crash with injuries at East 25th and Moline. Cops en route.
#WaysToMakeMeHappy .... buy me Chili Pepper Tickets.. anyone ?
no! I would've never guessed!
Sometimes small and important things can make u feel smile....
I just hope that at the end of it all, you'll still believe what I tell you
I feel like butt, this headache and light-headedness can go away at anytime now.
Thank YOU
Heading to !
Back at work after being sick for a week... Fun times.
Doing a private gig downtown tonight!! Playing Top40/Electro & Indie Pop Remixes!! Lets Work!!
Gluck boo!! There's a fish fry on Friday with your name on it <U+0001F44D>
I'll never let you down.
I'm scared. this girl with 0 followers, 0 following and 0 tweets just tweeted me a link
Last two live day twos led to 1sts. Let's make it 3 in a row! Expenses - hotel $108, food $38.
There's still time 2 make your #bridal #dress appt w/ for SATURDAY, 3/24! Come try on dresses & sample our delicious #cupcakes!
I'm scheduled 9-5, but that's not supposed to start until next week. They just decided to come in this morning instead of night.
HB1136 has brought child care discussion to the floor.much more discussion is needed but let's applaud the concern & attention
Had a dream that I was chillin with Melissa Etheridge... what a great way to start the day! :)
Beware of little expenses; a small leak will sink a great ship.
I have that same issue except its inside somewhere.
on this hot day i need a nice cold beer
oh u don't have an iPhone----sorry!!! Yikes!!! Lol they're thumbs up!!!!
I don't wanna hear anymore about how your butthole needs urgent care....
Now: Sheela Jane Menon on Malaysian sense of masculinity
is speaking at the Chicago Area Public Affairs Group luncheon today
At The Guardian setting up for #apihackathon today with
Good Luck on the start of your #HCG P2. :) If u have any questions, let us know. RT 3day on Hcg let's getting in
Merry Christmas Eve <3
Yeah they've had that halftime show scripted before the playoffs started. They just insert whatever team they are playing.
In the mood to play some bball, or run some plays for tomorrow..
Human Papillomavirus (HPV) is transmitted through vaginal, oral or anal sex as well as skin-to-skin contact.
: So true, so true: RT: I hope you remember the dear cutting-edge friend who tuned you on to
catch contact...
what a hoot. that was a mother-daughter narrative, if I remember correctly!
awesome! What are you presenting on?
Stop comin up to me with your hands out?
that you see people from hs on eharmony ?
Shout out to my KyForward friends who I'll miss. , ,
THE CITY BANGIN TONIGHT
oh my.... Americas got talent is a little scary this year..
Booked a good win in the 4/800 mix earlier, now playing the 1.5k Chinese tournament hoping to ship the enormous 1st place trophy..
Yeah, I hear ya. I can't wait for the season to begin already.
RT : such interesting stuff! Learned a lot including what a marconigram is.
James A. Pike~ Remember that life is not measured in hours but in accomplishments.
That's Hyundai Genesis coupe.. Don't dog it, these things are pretty sick. 348hp in the new V6...
Yeah, thats why its weird that its just now making its rounds & getting so much attention.
I remembered that I never asked you my second question that I wanted to!
Sunday night equals homework time . Haha !
“: I just remembered I deleted my MySpace, so sad. #rip” I tried logging on to AIM to see what my "info" was
in July, i graduate on the 18th of July..
well that's cool..i am sure she'll enjoy it more that way
#sschat, thank you! I always feel lost!
Like basketball camp pull up stop and shoot
Just bought some sickening red hair. Who says drags have to have "normal" hair
Ever try to figure out how to unfollow a blog from your Google Blogger reading list? That's 20 minutes I'll never get back.
HAHA, or maybe it's the 2:30am start to my day (I'm still living in NYC time)
#TIGERS LOSE! Another day, another alternate win/loss. #LeylandBall at it's best!
And I wish on a star, that somewhere you are thinking of me too...
When I heard "Cleveland bridge" I instantly thought somethign DT or the 480/Valley View. Glad FBI is watching regardless.
dont be a bitter #Sens fan.
Seriously I put you food carts through college and no one wants to roll by GK today? 150 people here wanting food later.
I miss Eric Stults, you guys.
I ask women questions like what are your short term goals and where do you see yourself in 10 yrs a woman can answer that a girl can't
maybe u will haha. Don't u hang with hager and the twins ?
thank you. You are so right. Love darling
I recently looked into whether it is true that an academic once thanked "four very special squirrels" in her book's acknowledgements. It is.
Dont you remember how we used to be? We turn off the lights & we didnt just sleep, remind me; baby reminnd me <3
awww ok ok I understand now
is "thusdday" your british accent or fat fingers? :)
the assessments and reviews coming in from our iPad pilot for faculty are so encouraging/complimentary! so exciting!!
How are you?
What's w/ people leaving "the" or "a" off "majority" in writing? This is apparently an endemic problem now.
My little sisters dog has officially made me salty. <U+0001F621><U+0001F436><U+0001F52B>
You did great tonight. Keep it up for the rest of the reg season, the playoffs and beyond :]
The worst April fools day joke was telling me you still love me. *WhereIComeFrom*
Leslie Liu presenting on caring for premature infants, social support, and the role of mobile tech.
I believe in Kiall. ITS REAL.
It was a very long day.
Bears defense is as bad as Lovie as Dayquil spokesman! Now I'm sniffling, sneezing, aching and can't sleep.
buddy, after the great things I've heard about her, she's already got my ebert and roeper.
So hyped I recorded dude where's my car.
Just Dance :-)
RT : Do something now that will make the person u'll be tomorrow proud to have been the person you are today.
You fucked my kindness over! You fucked my fam.i.l.y over and most of all you fucked my <\3 over
you tweet the truth
Now there's the way to wake up: news helicopters right overhead & the garbage truck arrives at same time.
Guest survey "I noticed your front desk was young, maybe if they were older theyd be more life experienced & have more generation"
Life is very short and what we have to do must be done in the now
You didn't get 100 likes in your picture because your pretty it's because your clothes are made for a 3 year old
look at us. I mean creating #LLVL is #LLVL. We are trendsetters:)
glad I locked my clients in yesterday AM!!!
I am an obsessed fangirl that will probably end up going to jail for rape. :D
had to eat at Olive Garden and had to have his chin glued back together (??). So much bad news for my friends ...
G-Shirt
Fun ra nights :)
will do. Stress management is so important for self care & to prevent freak outs on others
No, Haley. But I have wondered what the heck are they eating? I saw a guy eating spaghetti once!
where did you get that? Im going to need one now!!
My neo just woke up from a deep ass sleep and said "fuck hoes get money" Lmao
If you're not making mistakes, then you're not doing anything. I'm positive that a doer makes mistakes. - John Wooden
*raises hand*
He who sings scares away his woes.
Which is the superior party: TilYouPuke or hearty?
Yes, I did. And I liked it.
Great way to close #The AMA's. killed it!
It's so good. I make you think my bed is my work place. ( ;
Happy New Year!!! What are some of your resolutions?
Just watched Fast Five, wit all them sexy ass men. Especially The Rock!!!! #I would be his baby Mama!!!!
i think i fucked up idk bt im goin to sleep so i can think
tom & jerry was the shit bak n da day!
Must have tip - sunscreen every day and window film on the car… and PM Focused Repair in the evening.
I get so intimate with food
$1 for every tweet to Harlem Children’s Zone...to end the cycle of generational poverty in Harlem.
seeing Charles Barkley in a dress for a Weight Watchers commercial is probably one of the most horrific things I've ever seen.
At Personal Training and amazingly on time!
Beautiful San Diego weather today. I hope all you non cubicle bound people can enjoy it. Walking slowly to work to savor each moment.
Just added a 2-pack Sampler of all flavors of Attractor Nutritional Suet to our website. Give some a try at www.woodpecker-feeder.com.
Congrats on a great show! Sounds like it was pretty rocking according to the Twitterverse!
What do you look for in an adult social Sports league? What would make the league you play in even better?
follow on twitter niece
"How often in life we complete a task that was beyond the capability of the person we were when we started it." Robert Brault
Getting ready for our media to play at not one, but two trade shows in Vegas next week. Should be a fun, but BUSY time.
hey alex (; good morning!! I hope you have a good day(: love you alex, please dm or reply to me!? <3
That awkward moment when you are getting a physical and she is checking your balls and you run your hands through her hair....BOSS
"I was growing up listening to Queen...F. Mercury threw those incredible melodies into his songs."~G. Cherone Which Queen songs for Jammit?
Happy Sunday Twitter Fam!
haha hello! How are you? :)
My daddy salty af downstairs lmfao
trucker hats have hit the streets! online store coming soon, so hit us up to order! $14 each or 2 for $20 with FREE shipping in the
Lol is the best off twitter haha
Write tiny Twitter poems! As @ replies. It can be your next chapbook.
Critics Cinderella with
I would but I work tomorrow
Happy 11/11? I'm thinking more "Happy birthday, Mom." <3
Prof is asking for input on her pedagogy...
that's what I said:/ I'm not even Suppose to have a twitter! He's way to protective! I'm sorry:/
I ate there last week. Greatness. RT : Getting to hit up the new Smashburger in Uptown for the 1st time. This is a good day!
which one of my boyfriends texted me?" wha?!how are you finna be mad when people cheat&use you,when you in the same place?wheres #Jesus at?
Day 80 - No cigarettes or liquor!
Seward told France and England that recognition of the South would lead to war with the US-"we will wrap the world in fire."
Went w/ my son on class trip to Zoo at the last minute (his Dad is sick). I'm nervous about missing work today, but having a great time. :)
I really need to buy a shaver that gets really close because the shave I have now is not to my expectations
Happy Easter every1!! Spend this time with your family & friends!!!
just drove through there last night on our way home to Nashville! and we got our pet pig from kentucky :)
#IfITellYou anything about me, feel special because I don't open up to many people.
oofff! so pretty when she stopped to chalk up!
Thanks for the #sxsw Accelerator Props !!
Gonna have a good night. (y)
Check out the article about OKC Party Bus in the November 11th issue of the Oklahoma Gazette pg. 48
Thanks, checking you out now.
Sending "negative" thoughts your way, as it were.
Hey I'm in Paris. Just saw my friends, Laurence Hobgood and Kurt Elling perform at New Morning Jazz Club. A great show, sold out!
Bigs came to play
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 47
hater :C
Recently purchased Midnight in Paris, Garden State, and Strictly Ballroom...which to watch first??
Game. Set. Match.
thanks, Chica! Miss u!!
Getting sleepy.
` Ugh I Hate Being Sick !
follow me? :)
money I need it I have to put has in my car and my dad is paying my insurance.
Is it bad that I didnt wanna raise a fuss for fucking my order up in Arbys because there was a FINE ass specimen in there? *Eats burnt fry*
Yep I rock with MadeStar... I'm over doin some awesome production! I'm even suprising myself. Lol
You know what Harden is going to do but you still let him do the same thing.
Glad you're here! Be sure to follow us for similar shows - we have a great season planned for next year.
Listened to 96.9 Boston today and i'm losing confidence in humanity
Wise is he or she who does not look up at somebody else, or look down on somebody else.
I just wanna be at the gym all night but this studying thing is getting in the way <U+0001F620>
To all my nhs and rhs alumni. If u rock with me, support ya boy n download my single for $1. U wont be disappointed
As March begins it's your last chance to get 2011 pricing for your 2012 coolers. Stop in at any of our stores to secure these great...
thanks for letting and I kick it last night. It was epic. God speed.
Will totally post baby hummer pics when they hatch.
thanks for the retweet! #health #innovation and #health #engagement is the answer!
How are you celebrating Black History Month?
what up, G?
woah! I've never seen a garbage truck like that!
if #HBO pulls together a #thewire season where Micheal is runnin shit ... fuck it ill write it right now. #seasongangster season 4
Excellent work, helps people understand what goes into making the experience fun and meaningful.
I wish I knew how to fix my comp I think it's time to go to the Apple store soon!
": If you change this sentence around "Mr owl ate my metal worm" it says the same thing!" That's tighhttt lol
Had a gr8 convo w/a recently retired legend.Hope he gets bak n the game.I learned from him n jst a short convo.There's a reason he has5rings
My typo in my last tweet only further supports its idea
Don't forget to come to the VLP tonight from 7-9 for 2nd Wednesdays. Margaret Brent of Maryland- a living history presentation!
hahah it's okay dear, thanks you :) xx
Remember that core strengthening exercise (like yoga) are great to help prevent & ease #backpain; a strong core stabilizes the spine
and what has prompted this response?
any annoy repetitive sound and people talking
I'm gonna be driving in that :p
Sometimes you just gotta love life the way it is, no matter what.
Miami...Indy South...im kinda feeling that although giving up the barn for RGIII best move for long term
#celticschat DARN! Well this stinks.... Lets go C's!!!
For years, holistic experts have understood what mainstream medicine overlooks: pH imbalance = negative effect on health.
#FF A true professional who doesn't providing expert advice!
Ready to get this Holiday Partay started y'all! Let's do this! :P
this is great
Well they can take the risk with Youk if Boston eats a chunk of Youk's deal. They're getting nothing out at third anyways, so why not?
good idea.
I doubt if Fort Knox will ever have a "Road work complete" sign.
send me it and I will ring you.
lmao I didn't start it.
Strange things are afoot at the Circle K.
Fuck you man
Mom is listening to Boyfriend for the first time. She hates it.
Knowin' nothing in life but to be legit.
May you have a wonderful Good Friday. See you tonight at 7pm for a service that will prepare you well for Easter.
thanks for the kind words! You can look forward to more vegetarian options in the future.
good luck!!
Best use of keynote transitions award goes to
There all on my camera tomorrow I'll put them up!!
ya but I wanted to do something else
even though I live in US I'm going to guess and say that it's a song! :-)
Lol! Re: Tom Corbett. Btw, where did this asshat get his law degree? Must've been absent the day they covered freedom of speech.
I finally watched the bbw ep. that everyone was talking about. If that happened to any girl I know,I know tami would have been dealt with
The stop at Luai's was great. We had sandwiches, coffee and crashed in the basement. Not much sleep but some rest. He has a huge cat.
yea ive been too busy to plan that far ahead. im gonna try to sneak a couple late brews in and see how they go;
iight bro I'm ready
Agreed! It's why having a daily success routine - a morning and evening ritual - is so important!
whoever's open...the last shot is overrated
what are ur plans for today babe;)
That was a fun cast, thanks everyone who stopped by and big shout out to and his raiders.
RT High school should have a 40 second shot clock
Celebrity Buzz: Octo Mom is in the news again this time a little more than you want to see
Elite manufacturer of site furnishings, Dawn Enterprises, introduces their new Vineyard Concrete Garden Bench, the latest addition to the
A belated thanks for the #FF mention!
Tweetdeck and are NOT on the same level
Happy Mother's Day, Todd. (Some lines may never die.)
RT Rivera blows a save, Mets win a shutout, for one day, baseball season is perfect
i can talk on so many different levels, anywhere from the street corner to politics. i have a way with words, a gift n a curse. troof
Thank you brother!
STAY TUNE! Dates for upcoming performances will be posted!
The Pit & SCCF Present The #Pit #Combative #Physical #Training #Certification on September 12th! Call for more info!
This week's #FF goes to of Octagon. Great follow for sports and celebrity endorsement analysis.
Only a few days lift till we play with Hit The Lights at The Mad Hatter!! Only a few tickets left for 12 bucks! Hit us up for tickets!!
thanks. Very busy. It'll have a better flow once we remodel. Have a great evening!
#anfernee jr. came to play #duke # michigan
Hi, ! Excited to hear your story here on #twitter. Thank you for following me!
I thank #mlb.tv for allowing me to watch baseball while working. I also thank Kerry Wood for letting the #cardinals to come back.
ha that is interesting, as we talk about the police make their decisions and then courts decide if it will go fwd. I dont think
If you see a students doing something wrong with SM, ask them "How's that working for you."
happy birthday justin I love you!
10:00 PM - Rootbeer, A.D., The Last Hope playing www.myspace.com/rootbeersound
Everyone follow Amazing Greyson tweets!
Facts 1) Aguilar is on the council. 2) knew SOTC was scheduled 3) Left town anyways 4) not courteous to colleagues
Thank you for your recommendation! We're thrilled!
As hell. Better east this pussy && LOVE it. Hmph! lOl!
lol u probably look similar(:
He: "Can I have the last dance?" She: "You are having it!" ~Unknown~. have a happy Sunday!!!
no way ! I told that guy he couldn't come in!
Sounds like a very romantic Valentine's Day for the both of us!
I have a paper due, a midterm, a press release to write & a meeting with a client the day after St. Pattys.
Any way we can get Daddy Krag on the IR??
hope u had a wonderful birthday, love u!
Interesting to consider the privacy implications of this practice, vis a vis built-in predictive search.
I wouldn't say that the #Pens are dominating this game, but they are playing a solid game. Fleury has made some tough saves.
NNL* stat today re: Pujols going 37 consecutive ABs w/out a HR 28 other times in his career (including 105 last spring) was legit
Don't have a coaching pedigree, but it sure seems like good things happen when this kid goes to the basket...
DJ Khaled Talks Lil Wayne's 'Welcome To My Hood' Verse
I just had a commission and the customer wanted me to donate the 20% to you which is $40 for !!! <U+2665>
am I the racist non-redneck version of my look alike?
some mexican shit.or liquor
#Rising and #Knock are now officially wrapped! -JO
Just one question...where DO broken hearts go?
LookAtMeNow! Do you mean LookAtBieberNow ?! :D
Christmas Eve!! What's everyone doing???
Just had a great program about Aunt Molly Jackson. You would've enjoyed it...looking forward to your next book!
Searching for new furniture on Entering danger zone.
I was pretty surprised
What is your favorite band in the family?
The United Arab Emirates is home to the 2nd-highest concentration of global retailers in the world, following the U.K, reports CBRE
It has more to do with who he is playing with now. Bynum/Gasol > Scola/Dalembert.
commercial break time for sit ups
Drinking a Mammoth hefeweizen, excited to plant the vegetable seeds I bought today.
Posted by Tom under budgeting, save on insurance, saving money online, saving with coupons 1 Comment »
Renew your contract with any of the 4 major wireless carriers by logging into Blastoff and visiting our Wireless page!
Hope everyone is having a Good First Friday
Yay! New MacBook Pro is here! Getting it all set up right now.
Most intensive workout of my life.
Blog: Social Learning and Student Engagement
Idaho: North Idaho and Eastern Washington share a medical distinction: Both have far higher rates of parents not immunizing their...
Idk why I'm up knowing I gotta be up in 4 hours
They misunderestimated me - George W. Bush
Dolphins are so smart that within weeks of captivity, they can train people to stand on the very edge of the pool and throw them fish?
I need to be more active on linkedin.
Happy Mother's day!
and Miley Cyrus
I can't say it enough: I Love you mommy! Happy Mother's day. <U+2764><U+0001F497><U+0001F48B>
WATCH REPAIRCRYSTALS,BAND BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 ! stop by get FREE CHARM BEAD LIKE PANDORA,CHAMILA,WHILE S LAST
To all the Washington Caps fans, I sympathize. Sincerely.
Wine of the day: 2010 Bin chard-touch of oak, herbaceous, envigorating;not what you'd expect and everything that you want
thanks for the RT!
I don't want to be your 'favorite', or your 'best', I want to be your only & f*ck the rest.
do you like living in Miami? If you don't...I'll take your place (: lol
You forgot to mention !!!
Poor He's missing Mrs. LiberateMag who has been in Houston all week. He's like a bassett hound right now.
Party time:)
Yea I guess that was a bit early, but they did have a chance to win via Nyjer Morgan's bunt attempt.
Sure! What questions do you have?
Sometimes you text a person with full of feelings and you get a blunt reply in one word.
Your goal should be out of reach but close enough to see with the eyes of faith - VB
oh man, i wish i had been inside so i could see you! how is the baby!!??
yeah it went really well just long and so much info
Session with Burb-N-Hitez and D Bridge has joined us tonight
it is after you enter all of your address info on the last checkout page, or on the main page if you use Google Checkout
Really enjoyed and learned a lot last weekend for coaches growing their business ...
There were scenes during the battle that looked like they were straight from Serenity.
Great Mother's Day Brunch from 11 am until 2:30pm, 18.95 for adults, kids under 12 half price, kids under 4 FREE.
RT my momma talkin bout she want an ipad for christmas............umm......it's gon be a cold cold christmas.
my mansion after this game for drinks?
I honestly don't know how one person can be so thoughtless.
RT : Portland Spirit just joined the Chamber!!! Can't wait to get the Willamette Star up there for some cruises in October!
#First20SongsOnShuffle 18) I Slept with Someone In Fall Out Boy, And All I got Was This Stupid Song Written About Me - Fall Out Boy.
Because it is fun! Actually, that's probably not the real reason, but those half floors are entertaining.
see u tomorrow coach. Thanks
YES. Where they go, we'll follow... Even if only in spirit
I know, and I struggled w/what to do about it. Didn't want to edit it out so I could talk about it, but. Thoughts?
can you make it so you can change the background color or make it transparent?
Hi! Glad connected us! Nice to meet you here.
's Don Dodge says in-app purchases are good monetization strategy.
"Parents are now asking how long before all students have ebooks"-Chris Kennedy, W Vancouver district, MindShare Learning webinar 1/25/12
Omg these two keep telling me to stop texting and listen umm i can double task
Jack White blunderbuss
Lol my mom just called this lady kid ugly on the low just now lol She said it's a chunky lil thing...Most ppl say u gt a cute baby lol
so baby i will wait for you.. :'(
RT : #140cuse countdown: 14 days! Aka 2 little weeks. ----> can't wait to be part of this great event!
Very clever of to partner with Angry Birds. Really hope kids find it inspiring (at the least get a visceral sense of gravity)
your tweets make my heart smile! You always brighten my day! Thank you for all that you are and do. <3
People wanna make a million dollars but dont put a million dollars worth of work into there craft
No! They're not coming to Washington!!!!!!! *tears*
I hope it lives up to the hype. 'Phantom' by Jo Nesbo
Taekwondo & Karate students: Check out Quest for the Way: Origins of the Martial Arts on Amazon Kindle eBooks
Congrats again to Bob Aldridge on a #grammy win for Elmer Gantry!
The answer is ALWAYS Theon. Always.
we're interested in discussing what you had in mind for a class. We're in Phoenix. My email is:
[4] Pals escalate shelling of Israelis in Gaza & Negev, IDF destroys rocket factories & launchers –> Israel is charged with war crimes.
Can't wait to see you ball out
PLEASE. tell me more about all the alcohol you're getting for prom weekend!!!!!
We Must Have Faith And Our Dreams Will Become True!
uh I'll be close lol. I have an internship in Indy starting in August. Defs have to see each other!!
congrats! and what conference?
Thinking about making banana bread when I get home.
Wow, CJ Watson.
Sitting scanning trying to find something to watch
#FastCash4Carsnow, #cashforjunkcars, We'll Quote You a Guaranteed Price for FREE, #Free #pickUp and #towing your vehicle!
JB when you go in the Italy??
Thanks sweets... juststarting to tweet away...
I got to pee xDDDDDDDD jkjk
Edelweiss is GREAT for coll dev, in addition to galleys. Highly recommend it.
thanks so much for the shout out!!
#pencilchat is hilarious. Do a search and check it out.
Never got use to nighas that was use too
So sorry for your loss. And good for you for taking a day off. I am convinced that we do not give ourselves ample time to grieve.
How did we miss you?
Hoping for another productive day. Got zotero working on both computers using the new sync feature from the 1.5 beta version. Dig it!
LOL! --> ": RT : Play w/ ya man's balls. They're important too lol."
saw that, I have a year membership though :/
Wasn't how I expected it to be.
Today is boring as fuck.
i've seen it. I'm probably thick in the skull :-)
It costs nothing to say something kind. Even less to shut up altogether.
she is your mommy your ant-tea your prayer vigilante
Great day for MN! MT : Always good to have friends in Florida. Wild welcome Solar Bears as the club's ECHL affiliate.
I swear i upgrade in chixxs everytime i never have to worry bout a bitch
do you mean in the oregonian article? just saw that. we should sick the fat positive community on him! ;)
Hooray! I graduated Upright Citizens Brigade Level 401 Improv!!!
And by #mpls, I mean anywhere outside the metro... I know it's too bright there. I'm by Waverly now.
Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.
let me know if that helps
Nothing beats in stadiun RT : The best view--from the press box! RT : how are u watching #nfl games?
Made it's way to Germany?
Why do people feel obligated to make up excuses??...you dont owe shit to anyone but yourself. Dont explain yourself to me. live your life.
Get loud mothafucka!
Here is the deal Sean, Rebublicans and Demorates need to come together and fix the economy. Aways disagreement or agreement!why
Oh don't worry, I'll probably be begging people to read and watch my stories ;) I'll be in touch!
I don't know if I could watch that, for real.
was trying to star it but I accidentally replyed
Check out this crew.. Great tunes!
Finally home after a long week. My baby girl is so strong. So proud of her.
KbLaM! I couldn't have gotten it moRe Wrong!
Thanks! It was so much fun to shoot. That set is awesome.
Last chance for burgers until Wednesday! Come in and grab something for a late lunch/early dinner, open until 5!
you've been down now its time to Get Up :)
Haha, I mean, it IS "Disney couture". Still, anything with teeth beats everything with glitter, no?
is the little bird right?
uhoh #ArethaFranklin and Little Richard on 3-way on Anderson Cooper right now
“: preciate the #follow #NFB”. Thank u too. Have a good weekend.
it's all in da poop
work hd?
Big crush on soccer/futbol girls!
RT : , Hey Can you replace Beer Money with #twitterbaseball ?
GSA and SECRET SERVICE want to use guns from Fast&Furious to get better Hotel deals to celebrate FIRST GAY PRESIDENT
tooth extracting commencing. just received local.
Wally Pfister at #fallformal?! Just saw Moneyball today and can't wait for Dark Knight Rises!!
idk im trying to find out!!
Wow the 76ers are on a 5 minute scoring drought! The Celtics just grind you out & lock you down!
I'm not in Madison where will u be?
Don't forget! Intern applications due at 5pm. Visit www.guasfcu.com for more info about interning with GUASFCU
Hahaha! RT “: I want to start an all-girl band.”
its not our fault that theyre doing a tour here. We deserve to see one direction as much as anyone else.
HI!:D thank you so much for following me:) I'm from Houston Texas, nice to meet ya. My idols are Justin&Selena as well:)
Good news at the ortho today. Cleared to bike. 2 weeks away from jogging! Came home & gave my Kinvaras a big hug & a kiss.
Yes, lovely and talented Josue Evilla!
Eventually, with global warming, people from northern Europe will have to live underground, where we'll evolve into Morlocks.
All in 10 min. I did a great deed and left a sorta passive aggressive note for a soon to be former neighbor. Bet they never alley-park again
I'm 2 Seconds from being cuffed ya'll Smh i ain't been cuffed in a while might be a lil rusty lol
"'Eveything is made of light,' he said, 'and the space between isn't empty.'" ~ Don Miguel Ruiz
RT : The song is gorgeous, can't wait RT : Sounds amazing!
Stevie Nicks >
Thanks for the RTs and
Now we need to see Gail Kim vs. Sarita.
HE SMELLS LIKE OUSTT
Busy day Photo shoot in NYC today and meeting with NYC City Council.
Oh wow that would be good!
I want him to be principal for a day too - and I'm the school librarian.
where's the love?
fitness lives in learning and hustle.
Everybody's recommended registry cleaner
GOOD AFTERNOON WARRIORS, HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My daughter picked up this 1986 book about "Matter" from the library that has the most zen definition of Space ever: (cont'd) - DvL
From mCommerce Summit: One retailer recently saw a 15% conversion increase just by adding social reviews to their site
You are just a very worldly kind of guy! Miss you stranger!
Full tab 4eva!
much better. Still 5 bb/9, but k rate way up.
me2 and I have school 2morrow #
no thats why I wanted to come down so I could meet him lol. Idk if they still need someone.
don't trust him, he doesn't know lol !
Driving out of nyc at 6 pm. Wish me luck.
Waitingfor show to kick things off....
Do you prefer reel or video slot machines?
Do u serve low to moderate income taxpayers? Join conference call next Tue on IRS Free File & EITC. Email for details.
ohh no apologies, im obviously full of shame and embarrassment that Im just now watching on TUESDAY NIGHT. Soo late.
am I following you?
nstead of studying. I'm so ready <U+0001F61C>
Asian brotha told old girl "I want to eat it..." lawl
I have been officially gifted mocos, great! :/
Any Caterers wanting our company to use your services please email us for a Tasting soon.
okay just want to let you know..I use yolo as a joke, and not an actual excuse...though i should clarify
Hope you had an amazing day dear!!
remember, #Packers likely to have three 4's as well!
take pics! didnt know about this! Sry to miss it! “: GREAT! I'll come check it out!”
call me a noble gas, cos i'm buzzing just like NEON, NEON!
Im gonna reply on here from the facebook question.... she told the douche she loved him.. to me thats cheating on the other guy
Thanks for connecting Kyle.
my house loves you too Melanie!!! And we admire your public profession of faith in God! Many blessings to you
happy saturday to you!
RT: MoneySmart Parents Set a good example.. Talk to your kids about how you find money to save >> Starts @ home.
I completely agree
RT : Just had one of the best small group sessions we've ever had. God is really working in our hearts. #Merge12// Awesome!
& while you're at it, why don't you ask some traffic engineers why they build the streets so wide & let cars speed thru downtown?!
“:pressure on Indy Star headline writers tonight... crappy Luck puns.” in the world of Lucky Charms, the horseshoe was purple
They really aren't. I think we max out at 4 lanes in one direction and that's only through large cities.
"you're stupider than me" Really? Stupider isn't a word!
that's tough. I'm not sure who helps the other more
He is Risen! Happy Easter everyone!
The current state of our government concerns me.
Wearing a V over a tank cause the school board is gayayayayayayayayay
MySpace is lame now. Shouldnt have gone and changed everything! *cough* Facebook *cough*
I love new music to my ears.
Great story on Warren Buffett's son Howard on tonight. Wonder if Coach Cronin was watching tonight?
Greatest Harry Potter Moments? Days after last book, I overheard some teen bros say they'd stayed up all night to read BOOKS!
good! How have you been!
Broken finger doesn't seem to mind writing a novel tonight.
tearin the town apart!
I think people need to shut up about Jelena...like until one of them comfirms they broke up, dont believe everything you hear.
Learning the proper way to bite apple slices. You?
is rachel blanchard the poormans heather graham?
just found out that if you press the space bar it scrolls down...
#214million RT : At least prince fielder can stay healthy....
Did u know that from 12ft the pros make 30% and amateurs 15%? Anything is possible and also important to know the facts
So excited to visit the Poetry Foundation today!
more like the pop music grassy knoll!
oh, and apparently, you look like a mouse?
it happens to the best of us. No worries!
Watching my girlfriend get kicked out of DG.
I ain't the kind you bring home to momma.
bring ya bitch to the club and think she leaving with you i doubt it call my phone ill let you say good morning to her
yeah he will
"Lamon, I wish to set eyes upon Charleston one last time," Hurlbut said. "It brought me into this world, and my sister resides there still."
i wont bro! lol
now following :)
Dancing and being creepy.
Feeling Jayz Heat Baby!
I like Andrew Luck but he'll be lucky to play at Andy Dalton's level in his first season.
In the office between Christmas and new years day. Thankful that "looking at pretty pictures in magazines" is part of my job.
“: $50? RT Please tell him he still owes me $50” yes... An entire fifty. He had a hole in his pocket I tried tomend
Manure in a healthy pasture (marriage) that is watered and maintained will cause growth, not decay !!!
Hampstead hill academy uses student achievements & the arts. Ft dance, music & art teacher. Budget dedicated to consumables for materials.
I hope Neil Young will remember.
We're singing goodnight to the moon <3
And yeah, the culture part of it is super obnoxious.
To much pressure to watch my Lakers and watch the Thunder cats on Twitter meow, lol
NEEDS SOMETHING 2 DO!!! ASAP!!.
For clinic updates and pics, please follow us throughout the weekend!!!
Knowing how to live right and living right is two different things.
Wow - congratulations!
my typo of the day: ungrad_e_s instead of undergrads. Typo in a sentence: You are undergrade; report to the concierge for an upgrade.
They gave that #Yankees Garden Gnome Mark Teixeira's eyes.
#first40songsonshuffle 4. Strange Clouds - B.o.B ft. Lil Wayne
follow back? c:
Oh, did you just see Five Year Engagement? :)
Thx baby! Hope this isn't like the last 3 times I announced I was officially back 2 living/working on Twitter & jumped ship stat
I swear i was feeling really energized before i got on the bus this morning... now I feel all fuzzy.
Fuck that I don't even know why I tried with you . Some how I can never find someone good enough for me . Like is this how my whole life is
I would love to see a team with no money behind them get somewhere for once.
Having #dimsum at The Palace in Los Feliz. Love the table side presentations here. About to feast on some chicken feet.
that's really how I'm feeling..
Just paid out our mini BBJP, will you be next ?
is writing code to extract XML from the SASS journal db for an experiment in faceted navigation over 100 years of articles.
okay whatever.
Thank u Tina! I will keep you posted.
Finalizing some music business, Sorry for the wait.
SWAMP PEOPLE STAR DEAD OF SEIZURE RIP MITCH
ITS TIME, ALPHAS!!
I like that..
you sure!?
I wish I can drive already,so that my mom can stop being mad at me for missing my bus by accident -.- things don't always go perfect!
We're still gonna win the series though.
@ the #HTACouncil biweekly meeting to discuss the progress of our projects in the #NYC Area
You knew you were in hockey country up here in the NE, Hockey yahoo heaven!
I love being married & sharing my husband's last name but if you never called me "Miss Griffith" why call me "Mrs. Henry"? Alissa is fine.
What genre would you label us as?
I can't wait to go to sleep. Fucking graveyard
Workouts today all day in the gym
i saw the 1st one---i REFUSE to see the 2nd one!!---its way too nasty and too much --messed up shit
“: “What this country needs is a good five-cent cigar.” Thomas R. Marshall, quoting Kin Hubbard, both buried at Crown Hill.
your hired! Thanks for the quick response Pittsburgh. Cheftable.tv will start airing early January.
Thanks! Couldn't have said it better ourselves. Maybe mom could.
I love one direction
Shut up little boy tahaha
great to hear it!
Will do! Who is with me #pdx RT : Come on out whenever you want!
NL is always better to watch. No DH = more strategy, better baseball
Both derived from perceived immutability. Social norms change, but very slowly. And nothing to be done about hormones.
Thanks for following me!
Following you now :)
all I can say is you are welcome.
I think a person can make a strong argument that since early christians thought abortion was wrong after the point of life1/2
Godfather theme at work. Everyone rise for the nation anthem
#1ofmymanyflaws my eyes -.-
I don't want to be socially acceptable.
I am off on a short vacation to africa for four days
*zombies past* REGISTER RIGHT MEOW!! Library! Brains! Wristbands!
Happy Saturday. Who is thankful for living in #SanDiego ?
Time change...blech.
4 double cheeseburgers with no buns with a side of hard-boiled eggs.
LUCKY U!!!!!! I was in a mock trial competition against loyola.... Hahahahahahaa DO I HAVE STORIES FOR U!!
Joe Jonas a guest judge on my favorite show American Idol, the world must be ending!!
. I use Pink's A WHOLE NEW MIND for summer reading. Standardized tests address ZERO of Pink's six "senses." Non-Nonsensical.
im sittin in the bed bored with nothin to do?? Ugh..some one needs to save me.
I think that old man gave me a sore throat.
thanks for that wonderful tweet!
Siwani's a suck up hahaha
You keep putting me off like im nothing so im going to show you how 'nothing' is worth more than anything.
Been great seeing my friends like Mike, Alexandra, Jack and Kurt and everyone! I have the best friends in the world... all about quality!
follow back?
Is that talk online anywhere yet?
Realized that the reason I like egg whites only best is that I put in so much butter it's like eating egg butter. Delicious egg butter.
I'm not in denial. . . Yet. I still have until December, so it feels like I have an eternity to wait.
Fuck UPS! My package should've been here by now.
I am looking for a basketball agent who represents overseas players
Thanks for pointing us to ! Buddah Bowl & kombucha were the best-ever things post-road trip. (And beer. That, too.)
So you know, Neil and the munchkin are in the dome, but I'm having way more fun watching the game and reading tweets!
Hey , who on the #lions has been the biggest surprise for you this year? And who do you love playin wit?
oh shit this will be the lead story on espn.
Factoring is a great source of short-term capital when you are unable to get a bank loan and you need funds to run your business.
pandora radio, beautiful day, pjs
Watching "The Hours". This is too intense.
done and done!! One toast away from never having to give a COM 101 speech again!!
I got Alvarez and Money. Not the most original picks ever, I know this lol
have fun in Dallas
So, as soon as Keith Underwood saw Ali he insisted she play with him at the all star concert this afternoon! Can't wait!!
I got 99 problems but a weet ain't one!
at least the last trojan war vet is still alive!
watching worlds videos makes me wanna cry <U+0001F62D><U+0001F622><U+2615><U+2764><U+0001F48E><U+0001F380> thank god I have 2 more years <U+0001F497><U+2764>
lol well thanks
Both #China AND #India visas are now complete. This only took 5 business days. Since when did bureaucrats become efficient?
Just got the coolest gadget ever.
oh fun and bored
Can't sleep....gonna do what bored awake people do best. <U+E415>
right actor, wrong movie. that's from 'galaxy quest'!
I try 2 save $ by not havin my ac on while at work but i b comin home n upstairs b hotter than camel p*ssy
lol you both said that! You're right, that's where the weirdest freaks are too!
I'm going to be in Michigan but we could do it next week/weekend
I want to go to the club and dance my ass off cause I deserve it!
oh yeah...how long you here?
Check out The Real Triliogy I new video feat. Layzie Bone on Youtube
my school NEEDS new computers
Happy 2 help! RT: I can't tell U how many times Sunbelt granola bars & Smileys fruit snacks have saved my life.
Wait for the iPhone 5 to come out next month. Since you already have an iPad, the OS will be a piece of cake!
Income tax returns are the most imaginative fiction being written today. ~ Herman Woulk
I concur on Floyd
Lie to my fucking face again..
what's the website to watch free tv episodes
i gotta split soon. who wants to drive to seattle with me?
Both teams are real hungry. They are going after every rebound, every loose ball, throwin themselves to the floor. Good game.
Whoever finds the secret skrillex show first wins
I need that one friend that'd be down to do my homework all.the.time.
seems that way, but that'll fade quickly. What is it? 15 minutes of fame? So maybe it will be 15 tweets of fame! :)
we gonna walk round and stuff.. and im tryna you noe wat
you changed your picture. :(
this bitch talking bout i hit my following limit ugh wtf
Time just needs to slow down.
Haha of course he did, its a good thing you caught it, a little spit isn't bad compared to the lid blowing off.
Romney no need 4 you to worry about the poor – they got their Food Stamps, free school lunches, Food Banks and all sorts of other goodies.
Happy B-Day, Love ya:)
What is your most common issue with the maintenance of the hardware on your commercial doors?
I might just leave school to focus on temple runner what do u think
Marry rich, ladies. Get a big, fat divorce settlement. Then marry for love. I so did it wrong.
In math . ewwie
Horrible. RT : This has been a truly horrible season for your boy in sports.
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho cancels plans at the L A S T minute .
O yeah! Exactly how it should be.
Agreed. He's great, but I just have a feeling. It could go the other way.
Had a new thought. You can arrange yourself...in my bed....now.
COME OVER!
oh, damn beat me to it.
It's the latter. Come and meet
": Bought 2 lottery tickets a hour ago. #FullForce" lol..might hit
Ice tea at night. #Slurrrpin'(;
It's not just an issue of justice but also attracting the best students who can pastor churches in today's diverse world
You should get me one too ! <3 ;)
Check your inbox: RAMP's Breaking News says Radio One is moving WRNB/Philadelphia to 100.3 on 9/1, taking out WPHI (100.3 The Beat).
Aj Green 4 gm susp! If NCAA wants kids to be forthcoming then don't crucify them when they make mistakes..2 gms was good
thank you. <U+0001F60A>
some might say that the journey is the destination. I hope they're right about that.
time to do part 2 !
It's raining cats + dogs/web managers+social media managers outside the hotel!
Right, thanks! I am pro-this.
Thanks for the recommendation!
IT'S DJ FLULA C'MON
CSUnity is tomorrow! There is still time to volunteer and make a difference! GO RAMS!
“: The NEW 3R's: Reputation, Repeat Business and Re-Tweeting. Gitomer”
exciting things going on - and so glad to be part of it all!
Broadcast industry job seekers - this one's for you #NABEFCareerFair April 18 in Vegas
The fair is tomorrow.And my Koralee is coming!I can't wait!
Michael's Deli is one of my favorite spots. Enjoy! They have a great mango chicken salad, though I usually go corned beef.
we need to try and talk more :(
Equipment: a soft nylon slip collar, a 6-foot leash & a 30-foot length of rope is all you need! I also recommend getting a crate if you can.
Pick-Up Line: Use index finger to call someone over then say, "I made you come with a finger, imagine what I could do with my whole hand."
What an <ahem>interesting St Paddy's Day #DCDrinkUp. You sure missed some awesome people if you weren't there. Mayhem had by all!
great pic! What was your favorite item?
bring back wine samples then you can also be
Wisdom arrives in silence, Beth. Shhhhh....
I didn't send you a dm. I got hacked today. Sorry for that.
just talking about a FB that's all lol
no, lol we're cool
- learning to use twitter more effectively
you'll be here soon :) see you tonight!
Man it's way to cold...its fuckin april
you gonna give any updates for game 2?
Research after you write #USC #Writers conference Madison
Idk what else to do *shrugs*
dumb ass I know where he is from dipshit Earl needs his.momma to put him in check
keep doin it my #nigga got dat #drive #success his middle name
Joel Bishop... #TheOrangeRevolution Awesome key note speaker!
Better shun the bait, than struggle in the snare.
Now Playing: Crash - Gwen Stefani
whatever works for you.. :p
Spread Ya Legs Arch Ya Back !
Yay! Got a cheese head hat ready for ya Gannon!
CBS football music sounds the same to me. Did they run a different version at the open?
If you write this one, recommend Berkeley Square for Downton Abbey moms.
Make one person happy each day even if its yourself. :)
Its not flying, its falling with style.
I think that was pretty much the best birthday speech anyone's ever given me. <3
Than then effect affect their there
Its wonderful to c some of the best of the best back on #DOOL. U were very much missed.
What do you love me despite of?<U+0001F33B>
I sent you a message on FB did you see it? my phone is being crazy or I wouldn't texted you, let me know when you get it!
says 52% of global info workers say they use 3+ devices for their work.
Excited to judge with this weekend! :)
Hello! And welcome back to San Francisco! I can't wait to see the new CfA office.
RT How exciting! Bexar County is finally getting some much needed rain! Please be safe on the roadways!
RT : That walk of shame when throw something in the trashcan...& miss. RT <been there!
done w/ college?? that's a scary thought.
Don't worry. I'm a pro at driving while tweeting while dancing while instagraming while keeping watch for cops.
that you see people from hs on eharmony ?
who in they right mind gone wear they louboutins just to walk around downtown on concrete!!!? take care of ya heels PLEASE!
please follow me back cutie! ;)
Ford Mustang Hoodie Hooded Sweatshirt – High Definition Adult White Hoody
We had a good time though. Gotta love the Sip
Good morning
“: People will forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them feel. - #FILive”
People still ignore the plights of the poor, the homeless, the marginalised. It's easy for them to live in their illusion.
you need to calm down and stop tweeting so much! My timeline is going crazy..
« Just because they smile in your face don't mean they like you!». .. . #REMINDSMEEHOF.. . .LBJC
just please tell her your sorry and you take anyting bad back you dis
Shoe Game
#WhyDoIAlways eat like a donkey :'(
The #LangCenter team wishes all CBS faculty, staff & students a great holiday weekend!
Pop is not good pop is not bad. Pop does not remember but pop never forgets. pop = pop.
Collide with the sky.
Police Pursuit on Ventura Boulevard in Studio City....YIKES!!!!
solo in NYC right now, everybody workin except me- so what the hell am i supposed to do
beth how many shows u record for the season
We have sold our 123GoTV device in 10 or 11 states.R the kids you know ready for a fit solution for your fast paced life?
As usual, there is weird stuff happening in the stock market. The manipulators have gotten some leverage and are pulling the market up.
I'm so mother f****k*** tired right now going to take a nap <U+E00E>
those are actors :D
Lebron WTH? Like its just cool to step up and miss 2 FTs. You aint Paul George!
#packernation #80'sbands Tebow singin "Let's Go Baby Let's Go baby Comon". Need an artist please
finally got a twitter like you told us to, lol. Hope everything is good, homie.
When will release the 1984 playoffs Cubs vs. Padres on DVD?
so good!
cool song "Caught Up"
If you post half naked pictures on facebook & or twitter. kill yourself
Thank U:)
lol, i think you just un/fallowed me
Project Wardrobe Reboot complete. Four shirts, two pants, one black suit from H&M.
about to do a interview With Nbc
How did you get so darn SEXY!!!!
GiAnTs WiN Woo!!!
jimmy said to say 'thank you'...
hello my name is Dain :).
did u miss loe blowing the hold in the 7th? tune in now to watch how krod look doing it!
I had a great birthday. Thanks everyone!
Sounds so very exciting........
Screen partner sites carefully, avoid sites hosting excessive reciprocals and site wides, says
Strangers from money is hilarious
Thank god for blessing me to see 21 a lot niggas don't make it this far
you hit that shot better than LeBron did w/his free throws in reference to the bloated & delusional
followback,Is Awsome related to The Office
There is still time to #register for today's #freewebinar - #Health #Insurance 101 for
En route to Madison Square Garden!!
Cathy and I have successfull moved to xbox w/ Hulu Plus for all our video consumption.
learn to pick your battles Terry...
Hello DC!
Guess I'll go back to slee
this is why I love you
RYUN is out of the bag!
can we do #AskAlex ??
Mention Twitter & get 20% off any detail! Pamper your #car!! Call (619) 928-4848! We're MOBILE & come to you! #sandiego #sd #detail #auto :)
que que???? Los
aye if you guys have a PS3 then you guys should add mii @ the rocker or gamechoo
My own bf is whipped by his uncle...his 22 still lives at home asshole niggerasshole cuntfaced pothead and still virgin uncle.
“Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.” <U+2015> Isaac Asimov
btw... I called for my status and it said I'm on backorder... Getting a little nervous here.
I just booked all of my info and sessions for the conference. I will arrive in Dallas, Texas --2morrow.
The #49ers are now on the clock w selecting the 30th overall pick in the
Yes, best musician on show. RT : So excited to see Ben Folds perform tonight on the season finale of The Sing Off!
thats a good point. It seems that there is more opportunity for infection in a barn than in your home.
Best night to meet members is Weekly Meeting Tues at 7pm, otherwise Thurs at 7 is Builder's Night Out!
I Love You Talking About The Secre ANd i
So I guess the good thing about living in a hurricane zone is that I can report on it?
O: someone has the username ManuelFool.
This girl in the studio has butt implants gone wrong swear I thought she had a pillow in her skirt smh gunna try and get a pic lol
empty the clip on her <U+0001F602>
Say say oh play mate, come out and play with me, and bring your dollies three (humming to self, damn ice cream truck)
Preparing my class final: 3 Cheese Ravioli w/ sauteed spinach and garlic with crumbled bacon paired with Colosi Rosso Red, 2005!
yah let's get fat haha
aw thank you so much :) can you follow me on instagram and twitter possibly ?
Any #Excel experts out there?
Love it! Piñatas do liven up any event.
Only way UK loses is a good zone D, bad outside shooting, foul trouble. All 3 tonight. Come on Cats!!
I have no idea !! I'll find out though.. Is this the boss man??
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe Who Real Friends Are '
Hey! We just relocated our office to Northwest #PDX. Any recommendations on food around here?
I was named Jocelyn when I was born to nickname me Jolly; no one liked it so @ 3 mons changed my name to Nora!!!
great u ?
Watching dance moms Miami new one come on at 10:00 #team dance moms miami
AIM me:
My background is a picture of some students from my elementary school. I will always love that place...
I loved "Boy and His Blob"! I was wondering if they ever were going to do a remake of this game! Lol
at my tias
#tiip4p Business Acumen sim, bought off the shelf & if emp can't make the relation, they have wrong leaders running the biz
Hey, how was the Pirates game?
We met today to discuss all of the events we have planned for the remainder of the semester including many functions in the NYC area.
I hate when I talk to people with sweet Bluetooth headsets and they never look me in the eye and call me things like "honey." It's just rude
Okay. Sorry, if Im being nosey, but what'd he say? ...if you dont mind telling me.
Congratas ;you just become our 1300th follower! Please email re: your tickets!
Okay, enough retweeting new clients for now. It is exciting to see so many events join the TRS family!
is the performance over yet? We are just now getting smoothies lol
brunch will be remembered as the tweener meal that tore America apart
And, we need 2 pocket folders in red, yellow, green, blue, orange, black, white, and purple. I can easily find red, yellow, green and blue.
Lots of excitement today at my alma mater as they host the Dalai Lama!
I'm seeing every indication that you do *not* want to work there.
Today is tiring.
lmaoo I'm hella laughing now!! Omg wtf aahahahahahhahaha .. whys would he have a house phone? LOL is that nigga okay?
Owen is out at 17 and Brandon is out at 14.
Guys, we're getting there! Prizes & supplies ordered, bags stuffed, reading logs folded... 5 more school visits to go...!
Happy Anniversary!
Lakers look pretty good
Great start!
It's official I am marrying a polynesian
Thanks! if you see me flag me while you're here RT : Loved your presentation... Nicely done! Go unicorns & ponies:-)
hello hello:)
There is nothing more exhilarating than to be shot at without result.
. Thanks for sharing our great event/fundraising news!
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
All filler, no killer
I just purchased water, beef jerky, trail mix, batteries, paper-based porn
might wait for the next one I heard it skips generations
can I get a refill of dat #TriggaKush please <U+0001F497><U+0001F618><U+0001F48B>
BIG TEN CHAMPIONSHIP/FINAL SCORE: Michigan State 68, Ohio State 64
Ok so confidence and being relaxed can work against you too...lol
Wow I think J Lo wins best performance of the night! That was amazing! So much energy!
My Number One Girl
This is the day that never ends.
off to the alcohols store with
Yes and yes.
Great pic of you in Bisnow!
good luck to your Elite 8 teams Wright boys. See you all in the Final Four 2013!
When you’re searching, you’re looking away from that which you already are – you’re already whole and complete.
Does Your Artist Have A Twitter?
Who knows where the book signing line will be for Betty White? I gotta make sure I get my book signed!
Great set. Great meeting you. I'm in NYC for a couple more days. Are you doing any more shows here?
Good Luck DC, been great watching you in PDX
how r been buddy
All the cool kids are taking the 3:05 train back to DC from Penn Station.
he's coming on at 1:30
I love these!
Happy Easter Everyone! Have A Blessed Day xoxoxoxo
New item teriyaki chicken wings
I wore super girls shoes today and I hafta say I've never been so well treated... Girls who wear heals- is this why you do it?! Haha
Oh Tuesday night drinking
So many scores for #CMAConference... get ready! Also, we may or may not be providing hand-pulled Aeropress coffee, care of yours truly : )
We play frisbee like a boss (;
Q6: yes -- adding audio would be great (and maybe make twitter chats more coherent?) Also gives us something to archive.
Dear god, I see clouds outside. Just letting you know if it rains u owe me $8.50.. I just washed my car. Yours truly, Byron
Who's hungry? We open today at 11am. Good morning :)
i've reach a #followlimit. will follow back as soon as I can ppl
england lose 3 strikers in friendlyh against slovakia: heskey, cole and crouch. calling little mickey.
I <3 You The Most !
Ikr, seriously get a life
"he's not a licker, he's a sniffer"
Excuse me, their code of conduct. I don't know anyone younger than 18, so it sucks to be them. Super sucks.
folding clothes...because im bored. omf. what has this world come to..
Agreed, my Social Media Sith.
My heart beats. Echoes into the cold streets. Where nightmares and darkness begin to meet
what ur name
I'm going to be spending my birthday in the studio working, yall might not believe me but it has to be that way.
"Hundreds of Allie's everywhere have student debt. You can't help them all, but you can make a difference to one Allie, by donating today."
follow me? I'll give you pickles.
Congrats Eli and NY Giants!!
There's no place like hometown for the holidays!
Ravens have to get some type of drive here. Key early possession.
+1 RT : Lame. His loss. Sorry
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1" 32GB Tablet (Gray, Refurbished)
That's crazy how ppl still see the "like me" video.... even tho its not up anymore..... KEEP WATCHIN!!!!
Follow me? :)
Feel kinda good right now...that's what happens when you do diets. Alc tolerance goes down
i know
thnx, y'all. really exciting!
Yeah, I wish I could meet them lol and do a song with em :]
guys join my live chat! it would mean the world if you did.
Unless #Apple provides lowcost high speed 4G LTE network, new #Ipad #newipad users will pay big to telconetworks for that HD data use.
shower + nap.
Now we go
#FoodTruckThursdays outside the Milw County Courthouse are back and we couldn't be more excited! & friends
Thanks Steph, and everyone else!
Man its Hot outside
Tornado Warning for Martin till 4:30 PM. Storm is now southwest of Dunnell and moving Northeast at 30 mph.
Why were starships meant to fly?
RT : The Summer of Wisconsin continues! #THATCampLAC !
I dare Les Miles to punt it here.
Super thanks to I'm instantly addicted to
I hate taking naps. I rather sleep earlier.
embarrassed now to even say this, but I even placed a bet.
Can it be later so mike and I can watch Ghost Adventures and be gay for ????
Too bad most of the IT positions are in Norfolk and not DC
"When you think nothing but negative thoughts about yourself, it is impossible to appreciate positive traits and attributes in others."
Not sure. Clicking on the files in the email normally opens them in the right app, but that's not working now.
#sentimental...;( guess i'll just always be this way
Super Mario
Patience with Belief - RT : All things happen in their proper time. Everything in life happens in the time allocated for it.
No time for lunch today yet. May as well wait for dinner now.
#IRemember having a crush on ; lmfao.
Josh Greenberg from Grooveshark on the live feed at
I treat myself to the "good stereo" cranked up with favorite music so it's more enjoyable.
Time Is Tickin' .
Glad I just made that decision
If the human eye was a digital camera, it would have 576 megapixels!!
just help me get my name out there and I'll get you the tickets
The XO Skins should help clear up the look of your screen by reducing finger prints and smudges.
Thought you'd be interested in knowing that they now sell Capri Sun in Nourish Cafe. "You can't deny a person juice."
You are amazing & i hope you never forget about your beliebers<3
on ur computer u can
Bout to go run and extra 2miles with
=O What did he do now?
...food for thought for "green OA only" advocates; some publishers will go along only until they see it as significant competition.
Aw! I would love if you came to Poca!
Likelihood of me having a nervous breakdown today = VERY HIGH.
doesn't want to get off the sofa. NO you can't make me!! Stop!! Kidnapper!!! Want to be more on my internets in front of comfy telly!!!
viva traditional! :) #swxengage industry blogs/media focus so heavy on digital but traditional still has purpose, value
thanks for the #FF :)
Prince Royce is plain and simply cute.
that's in line with my last experience in the agency world, we were treated like domestic help most of the time too
love the pic :D
ss you know what happened. we got a referrel and a 1 hour. FML. i told him that we mixxed up shirts ....
<will do. Thanks 4 your help w story. Passion rocks!
Watch the Full Moon rise at 6:55 pm Friday February 18 as you fly over the South Florida coast!
Last day of NEH DH Institute. Some great projects made in only 4 weeks using Scalar and Hypercities! I'm impressed and inspired.
??!Our hideous paper towels carry gardening propaganda:"you can bury a lot of troubles digging in the dirt"" friends are flowers"ugh
Thanks for the follow! A career doing PR for KP is my dream job so it's nice to stay updated on company news down here in SD.
Red hair don't care.
Last point of your marketing plan should be "What Else?" Always leave yourself open to creativity beyond what's known/expected.
#The Black Swan 2
Hello y'all
Party hardy, friends forever. Dance all night, we'll be together! The times are great, , we're the class of 2011! ~
Welcome SURF's newest Resident !
Shocking excitement today about 3D scanning by archaeologists here in MD. Bet their heads would explode if they came to #NEXTgenM!
happy birthday
is a funny dude. Do the dew dude.
WTF is the move today?
good shit tonight. Get ready for Sunday. What time is practice tomorrow?
Kobe didnt get the ball RT : So now that Kobe doesnt take the last shot lets see if hes criticized like the MVP. Just curious
Marine Corps birthday today. Ooorah!!
like my arms when we was doing dem pushups
Listening to Zapp and Roger- Computer Love. Sounds a lot better on my Good news it is #friday!
'My Last'
I have never had a phone as long as this that I have not dropped it on it's face and cracked it...Go me..
So did we! : Loved the appreciation in Newsweek!!
You know you are getting old when the candles cost more than the cake. Bob Hope
good job this morning , very professional
shitty movie for tonight: 2012. Never have seen it, but a steaming pile of Roland Emmerich sounds good
Pretty bangin' dinner at Mother's. SEAFOOD GUMBO OMGYUM
I'm at the #OccupyThisAlbum release party at The City Winery. Every performer is excellent! I'm defintely buying this album
Can't wait to hear about your time at Internet Retailer Week! Anyone go to Radio Party in Vegas?
Lol, a trail of J-Potter's social media bread crumbs led us straight to you!
twig 111, thanks for being someone we can trust and exposing sites like techcrunch for what they really are
I don't consider myself "cheering" for the Heat, but I'm just absolutely not "cheering" for the Pacers. You do the math.
Thank you Greg Latterman and for an awesome pre-birthday dinner!
Now I'm excited. XD
I loved Selena's dress it was just. i can't even.
I wish I could cook like the people on food network!
can't decide if i should be studying for my sol's or my learners test
I check behind the shower curtain for murderers when I go into the bathroom.
Two pairs of yogas just isn't enough
Yep, then I am already a part of the Yay Life tribe! Even signed up for newsletter so I can get more yummy smiles. Go me!
The greatest 15 months with <3
On my way to Awards Gala.
2, I wonder how swole the Hickman house is with 501 Fitness up and at 'em.
Really looking forward to this weekend in Phoenix.. Dbacks game, hotel, a lil freaky deaky....lmao
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 81F Fair: 81F Fair
I love being one of the five kids that came to school
Wonderful FREE PUBLIC READING late nite!!! Great audience. And, through several generous donations, we received our grant matching goal!!!
now you have two people who call you that Bucky
I was in the shower...?! I forgot he was in Miami so he's in a different timezone.)'''':
Oh, sad face! Bummer you won't be in the neighborhood, but see you soon, regardless!!
I live for complex challenges; but today I'm not in the mood to tackle a technical twister. I'll give it 30min more [then it's family time!]
Success is not apple pie and ice cream...Bambroke Santoyo. I love all three but I love success most.
Crazy at what's cool now
Description: Seeking participates for a large focus group to be held mid-July
#Spurs ain't Memphis...no comeback for you!
No it wasn't me! Would have been cool though! Have a good one.
Free Math Help is being offered at the Main library on March 4th and 25th at 2pm. All ages are welcome and no registration is necessary.
Can you feel it? Nothing can save ya.
#sandovalcounty taxes are going out today- let me know if you want to contest them!
RT : Mark your calendars now... the next #MkeMvc meeting will be on 5/19 (a Wednesday) at 6:00PM Topic will be "Better MVC with IoC"
RT - I wonder how my life would be if I stayed in Jacksonville... S/o to the Jacksonville followers doe ! Are the ja...
I wish y'all could hear me whistle
digital/multimedia advocate thrilled to finally receive printer for office...irony?
I get that, but I don't see the worth in putting in all the effort.
Thanks for mention, Patrick. Langcasters represent.
Grilled sausage for breakfast. Welcome back, spring. Welcome back.
For a 2nd good choice for authentic Ecuadorian fare, he also suggested La Pena at Montrose & Milwaukee.
I know smfh. U should take me to the hospital
I like to be in control. and I struggle against that instinct every day in order to be a leader in service to others.
That was such an exciting game! SO GLAD to know that we won't face the Steelers again this season! So glad the GOOD GUY won
Monday #Marketing Tip: Have a happy customer? Don't be shy -- request a customer review online!
wow...just turned on ESPN 2 and they are breaking down Tim Tebow getting a "mani-pedi" in Hollywood...that's sad
omg. Story of my life.
Mom was not feeling so well these last few days. :( I made her a drink with to speed up her recovery! You're welcome mom!! :)
being white
u forgot about the "good luck tonight, i mean, good game"
5 seconds has gone by, no followers. Man, they hate me already?
Me and my ni99a got some of the Turnt Up music out right now! And yeah i said that.
Real men know that "love" is NEVER a dirty word!
Heading out to check out my favorite guys in Orange and Blue this morning. The Spokane Shock have less than a week till opening night!
I'm finishing packing in flannel and heeled combat boots. I feel so Rosie the Riveter right now.
Ill ask him? It was put to dvd from vhs tape?? Might have something to do with it? Made in 2000? On vhs #MuchoImportante!
almost forgot about it, but obv not.
Apparently Mike Breen believes the #Clippers shooting 28% from the field was a good quarter.
me u seanie/peterr!!! so just text me tomorrow 3477294708
Research: Ancilliary skills that (communication skills for engineers for example)
correct you should be hungry and eat every two hours!
Twitter psa : if u a grown man please stop takin self cam pics. That is woman like. Next time u try it look at yaself in the mirror. Smfh
I was suppose to be cleaning I cut on music and all Im doing is dancing in the mirror, my room still looks a hot ass mess!!! smh...
RT : Funny how all these liars are also emphatic Christians ain't it.
ahaha this is exactly one of those times !(x
Netflix has gotten greedy ... Announced second price increase in several months. Now $18 a month for dvds and streaming .. was $12
it's open-ended so we can fill in the blank w/ all sorts of vile activities. Public school kids aren't to be trusted
Damn I'm full..
i just woke up, and my brother still hasn't gone to sleep yet..
Any of my followers ever do #internationalization for #XBLIG? Did you find a good response? Increased sales?
End of semester 1 folks! Congrats to all...we made it! Now, let's party!
not until April, but I'll be sure to tweet about it. Just showed my Dept. all the online work from #deadoralive, they loved them!
Oh sweet nothin
A final report of the BRDI symposium will be produced by NAS in June. Will promote when it's published
If you're UNC why would you hire an assistant with no coaching experience/recruiting ties?Wouldn't an operations role be better at first?
Anybody seen ? Figured he'd be all over this #SOTU business....
Can you follow me???
hahaha...No problem dude! Happy Birthday! ~Jer
don't bother wasting my time.
Ran into and at the MARN event. All the best people are here!
"Thank you mom campaign" was an opportunity to grow several brands
now THERE'S a thought...
You want to offer promotions often that show people that you have something credible.
PINK <3 Lynette's style :)
My last tweet was in reference to my complicated friends with benefits relationship I've embarked on with my doorman
No las ah hecho :O lol
Went hard @ the gym..!
Really can't wait for the weekend, 49ers may surprise people !
Ready to get out of this fucking house.
Let's go #Spurs! Big game today.
Over 2.2 million K-12 students, educators & parents have participated in Speak Up! Surveys open on Monday- register @ bit.ly/o0EiKu
Top two battle through Victoria Azarenka and Maria Sharapova both had to go three sets to reach the semi-finals of the WTA Porsche Grand
Joseph's purpose/destiny was greater than himself &his generation. His dream was bigger than his abilities. God used him 2prepare the way!
So true!!
the 2 new LA south central pound dogs, Benny and Angi are so great. Need a foster home, until I can buy a house in the next 4 months
I'm surrounded by hipsters!!!
Andrew Zolli: the network is a political philosophy enabled by a technology, not a technology in and of itself.
I think I would eat granola bars everyday for lunch if would stop making fun of me for it.
Please, less about surgery. More about daily lives.
i now this time ima be there too !! Do they have the certain dates?
there is something special about portuguese colonies. Even through oppression and colonialism. People r happy and good food
Lovin the things I got
this nigga put my papers and stuff in some other niggas binder ð<U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Yes, you should learn German.
Already received some cookies in the mail! Pressure is on!!! I can't decide which cookies to swap!!!
U mad Cuz Im happy? Tf
nonononono because of hunter hayes! Oh lord <3
If you're not listening to 's Christmas album, you are MISSING OUT. It's the soundtrack to my season this year!
Poor little Nashville squirrels were cold this morning. Even their water dishes were frozen. Dang! My coffee keeps disappearing! ?
Afterall, favorite professors don't grow on trees you know. Or maybe they do, I don't know.
Tigers dominating the scrum but ref not liking something. Penalty Bath in kicking distance.
hey Logan my Bday is Sunday can you please tweet me or follow me it would mean the world to me.
Two new banners arrived for book signing events - they look outstanding!
What happens when leadership changes and all of a sudden the teacher ("CEO") is no longer the "boss"?
How the heck u hurt ur groin playin basketball
Pride and prejudice: Pride impacts racism and homophobia
I can't believe any of this shit
you should marry in costa rica, my hubby and i did it was perfect.
Whats good tweeters! in da building! Gettin it started!
He think you playing hard to get.
today I'm going to pre-order WWE 12!
"the zone" is when you feel the muscle growing, getting stronger every workout & knowing that there is no such thing as too big
Talkers. Heavy breathers. Sneezes like natural disasters.
Officially done with classes for junior year :) 'tis bittersweet
Even though I'm only sixteen. :)
I wonder who will be our 900th follower...
thanks for following darling
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf if i use drugs.
I keep having that dream ,it been 3times already
What scares me is there is one question to life, but so many answers, and the fact that no one could be right. I will still keep my Jesus.
yours still NOT right.!¡!*
I have sensitive ass skin I hate it
What a stud, big pimpin right there.
No problem. Thanks for the talk.
What are you doing for Earth Day? OB Denver will be in Boulder with celebrating and leading a hike!!
bitch shut up..you not going nowhere...
Possibly 3 days left of school instead of 13
You're welcome! :) RT : Thanks to all my retweeters today: , , , ,
that's what happened with me and Twilight. So I shouldn't start this. Although I read terrible romance
aw ok this is tru me too
Pool all day & Crafters $1 beer during the USA game
Would love to see Duck Duck Go's usage stats as people slowly figure out how invasive Google's new Privacy Policy is.
are you in AP?!
Canton bocce sign ups end Thursday please register online baltimorebocce.con
Hey there, you remember me.? I'm the girl you left for her.
Thank you Caroline :)
Late lunch with my loving parents
can you follow me plz
Text Columbus Blue Jacket (CBJ) to 501501, donate $5.00 -2 Hockey for Huggies Program & help local COLUMBUS babies in need! huggies.nhl.com
Thank you so much for sharing!!!! I greatly appreciate it. :-)
Yikes! Extreme closeup
RT #Taurus have amazing imaginative ideas.
Tonight, Bakers, the B Will Experiment, 8pm
"If you want to fly, you gotta give up the shit that weighs you down"
Excellent ideas for the creatives that like to make a difference as well!
Patience makes lighter what sorrow may not heal. -Horace
The new jaguar XKX concept!!! Damn!
Most definitely :).
long story
#Rockies get a gift. Replay show Helton off 1st base by about, oh, 2 feet.
30 minutes away until at Noon...team coverage of President #Obama visit to NYS
Watching The Manchurian Candidate for the first time. Goddamn. This is a good movie.
Just read the JS article. Nice picture!
Prettier than #Halley and thicker than
I can't wait!!!
"Boeing Boeing" performs tonight for Arts for the Summit. Ticket sales will be donated to support the arts in Summit County, CO
you have a year to give a wedding gift.
a bio-polar douche bag
haha hes no Devin Harris. I'd pick up John Louer over him.
You say #YOLO? Jesus Christ says no thanks.
I see ya
RT "Great event! Thanks for hosting Can't wait to come back & visit!" (We had a blast last night!)
Eh.....H5 & H7 trof still well west of New England tonight. Doubtful.
listen to
it would make my day 100x better if you follow me<U+0001F49A> I been trying for so long please(:
:) yes sir I've made TONS of songs since you last heard plus I just got my early birthday gift (a keyboard) last night :D!
Snowing all morning. Meant to ride to the market but I have a good excuse not to now, right :)
: you are too #funny ^_^
I need Solidworks. Can you sell me a copy?
lol ill get my sad song on for now then
Sorry for my lack of tweets lately, I'm having some technical issues with my page! Am determined to figure it out. Don't give up on me!
is there a Volunteer Central? Would like 2 bring in team of about 15 youth from SA nxt wkend if possible?
Please let that tiny Eurasian out from under your piano bench & come to Show this Friday! M Bar Hollywood!
Long-term #sales success requires effective relationship building. Get to work.
lol i hear u but i think ima cum back down dere for a few days around the 1st so shit be on the lookout 4 the silver bullet
“: I can do without shirtless Heat fans in my mentions.” I hear that!!
u got edgar winning seriously dawg?
this myth has been busted
More copy edits of The Plum Tree today because they're due tomorrow!!
is MINE <3
Who doesn't like FREE? Visit a #PeoplesFlowers location near you this Saturday and get a free Bridgewater candle and flower.
And Sleeping With Sirens and Mayday Parade.
hey you kelly osbourne , what did you say ah , hey you bitxch gaga is a queen , you say thing idiots ok gaga no have go on the floor ok
Baby I fuxx wit u cuz of all the lil things u do:-)
Thanks for the encouraging words and continuous support. MKE and Penfield are lucky to have you!
I miss christopher
Haters have to have something to hate. Peace Be Still.
Thanks for following, and following you! Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
They put mics on you during a sleep study? Can I get a shout out?
It's your Cousin Steve Adelmund! I've got some tips on getting more exposure for your kick-ass vids if ya want em!
": missing u like crazy.. Can't wait to hang!!" Miss you too!!! I know me either
mustve been showin some leg.....that's what always works for me
Stay humble people remember everything can go wrong for you at the drop of a dime .
RT : Watch me on this evening with talking #SAFE and
Happy Birthday Baby Brother<3
I'm drinking a Dig and it is spectacular.
I hope you get some sleep, and love your new job!
Excited to hear read from new book The Armageddon of #Funk....minutes away
Wow. Really? RT Noon rally today (May 15), West steps of Capitol in support of Colorado families and against civil unions.
It's a great day for Schlitz Park...see you at 11!
What is your favorite U.S. city?
Your very welcome! Thanks for following back :-)
ppl at work is so excited about me turning 21
MY OPINION AND ITS FACT THAT UR BEAUTIFUIL AND GORGEOUS AND GOD DAMN SEXY
Just baked my first cake EVER! Trying to practice before my honeypot birthday<U+E404>...a picture you say????
Nirvana, You're heading to a lady gaga's concert so get ready and pick up your things.
Back 2 The Future
thrilled your show got picked up! Hope it's a hit!
it has!!! Today has been awesome!
I wanna be home already !
Following you back :-)
when are you pitching next?
This seriously rocks! Constantly getting better too! RT : Are you working too hard to implement standards based grading?...
Sweet Jesus!! Well in that case. You're quite cheerfully buggered!!
that is one call I wish I could take. I need a light at the end if the tunnel! Sorry to hear you're in a rough patch as well.
Soo tired of the negativity.
hey, that's practically the same route I did last night!
he followed you? congrats!(:
Good call on the lane violation ....
yes please. I need a lesson and we all need to laugh and have cocktails
Yeah. I write a Twitter feed dedicated to the worship of an 18 year old college kid and even I thought it was weird.
From the #pinebeetle to the #carp and now the #snakefish, Stop introducing these things into our natural habitat!! #reallyfuckingthingsup!!!
NC State gets a bucket in before the TV timeout to cut the lead to one. Hoyas getting killed rebounding--Wolfpack have 9 offensive boards
Patriots place today with the fam for the first time... Looking forward to a day of shopping and eating at five guys:)
PROSECUTION: Def bound victim's wife, laid in wait for victim, fired four shots at him. Three shots missed, fourth his the victim in abdomen
This is one true.
someone tweet me (:
#1yearago #Assad thought his son would someday rule #Syria . He was wrong.
59 followers n decreasing-TWITTER, he have a problem
We are shaped and fashioned by what we love.
Looking forward to opening up at the next week! Founded by & Ken Tominaga!
: Our foundation can lend a hand in your fight against bullying! We've been helping kids for years!
Look from SEGA Citroen renamed game | WOW Gold,Instant Gold
: Is the a 50/50 possibility that there might be someone else that could have fathered your chld
Isn't it kind of cute? I will let you know how it goes and if I can make more :) Looking into patterning a peplum skirt!
Ask 2000 learning professionals who is in love with their lms, nobody is apparently
is feeling the flow
Does realize that from now on, should he attend an ALA conf., librarians will be screaming his name & throwing bras at him?
Now hiring
Fantasy Championship, and down by 25. Other Team is done, and I have Rodgers and Finley playing tonight. Hoping for a Christmas Miracle
Just saw #Hugo, and it's a nice, moralistic story about an orphan boy who has to make adults feel good about themselves to prove his worth.
my tooth hurts.
Thank you!
That's gives you class AND street cred!
4 shot frappe to wake up...
Idea: a mummy walk flashmob.
Follow Me
Presenter using soccer skills to illustrate design principle. Nice! I can get that.
thanks, I downloaded the book your brain after chemo cant wait to read it
That remix of dropped at Veranda was sick, can't wait for more!!
Latin Ramblas West,the piano improvisation fttp://www.myspace.com/ntamburrino/music/songs/latin-ramblas-west-66574864 via
We regard gratitude in our fellow-beings ... as a cardinal virtue; and the contrary as almost enough to render him despicable (1855)
please follow me jeydon it would make my day!:)
Research? maybe?
the way I'm feeling, the things I say, all just happen when you pass my way
It's a great Monday morning! :))
Dems and MSM call it flip-flopping if it's Romney; if Obama, it's "evolving."
#Toyota #Matrix still in shop for #SRS repair. #Camry loaner pax #airbag off with 55kg wife in seat even w/ 2 restarts. 2h to swap loaners.
Someone that missed 24 hours of the contest can't judge me.
I will have to try one of your yoga classes! What a great location to relax and clear your mind.
Who is the teacher that changed your life?
This is my own, private domicile and I will not be harassed.....BITCH
Thanks for helping to get the word out ! We appreciate it!
Los Angeles SLAM Pro Basketball Organization Of The American Basketball Association (ABA) searching for a city to play 2011-2012 ABA Season
Thanks Andrew for tweeting about our app Scrubly! We really appreciate your support!
$8 for a banh-mi is appalling.
24 hour countdown until registration is closed for #LAMARATHON!!!
Read Jane Hu's Girls piece w interest. Srsly though, "the show's monolithic middle-class whiteness"?
Unexpected Sex Is Always Cool
oh and thank you! :-)
Hiding? Though, hide and seek would be a very intriguing game. I have a company to run, Ms.Moon.
Good night #Baltimore Sweet beer dreams.
Caught in the whirlwind of a character that's trying 2 take over. She acts like a protagonist! Hate 2 control her 2 much. She's interesting.
go to the bar. Take care of Jules and Beth. 2 of my old bartenders.
I wish that I could see The Hunger Games tonight at midnight, but that's not really feasible when I have to see a baby tomorrow at six a.m.
RT : Aww, President Obama got Mitt Romney a present - a beautiful Paul Ryan budget anvil necklace. That's sweet.
Morning all, a cold but beautiful day here in Boston. Much luv, and a productive day to all!
we're still ironing it out -- and I are trying to work out a co-teaching arrangement.
#Earth2 is worth it just to watch the Noxzema Girl go bad.
really. U do a cover story on Seaworld changing fro coke to Pepsi yet she gets a few sentences I on the move?
Nonetheless, we ourselves have been at fault for exposing each other through indiscretion & lapses in decorum.
well at least you'll be inside where it's warm! But thanks!
Thank you for the shout out! GO BREWERS!
Hi Laine! Support our organic salon in Fresno by giving us a shoutout or enjoy our organic salon services at Thread&Sugar:)
yeah it was upsetting he didn't make it back home even after he was ready to go back...
Get yo ass here to club empire its going down all day
BTW, I am the guy who made the movie "Media Malpractice... How Obama Got Elected."
My APES book uses massive airplane crashes with "no survivors" to illustrate equivalent #s of people dying from issues. Feelin
as good as that bean dip was last night, my stomach is crushed right now.
I was expecting to blow up my timeline today on her drive to but she must be sleeping the whole way... poor
Isn't that part of the determination--knowing limits?
Happy Mothers day! im so thankful for my mom<3 #MuchLove :)
Bitch my tampon lasts longer than your "relationships"
these hoes think they cute wit they ratchet ass!!!
Funyons and donuts.
That's what being Funemployed is all about. That, and television.
pups in the park day! cant wait to make some new friends at the game. go !!!
Let's see if the kids bail on the team tomorrow. Too bad the kids think they're better than what they really are.
State of the Twittersphere - June 2009 (PDF)
Its like a damn circle thngs become great then terrible then do dumb shit then back 2 square 1 smh
If you don't put down the paper and the beer, I will be forced to get dressed and drive all the way to Madison just to babysit
Congrats to Random House for screwing over libraries with crazy price increases and delusional ideas of perpetuity. Come on, guys
nice! I'm super pumped for Hulk and Iron Man
is definitely the woman. HAayyoooohh!
to get raped by my girlfriend
I'm a big fan of Kick-off. It's the evolution of futbol from the 1800's through the 1960's. Brilliant UI
I will, Hayden! haha
Things you never hear: "Hey, we should connect on eHarmony."
I must be doing something right if I have ONE #dumbass hater.
Gabbie he looked amazing!!!!!
I think my wisdom teeth are coming. I'd rather be less wise, honestly, than deal with this.
I think it's part of today. Check them out on the oval!
I know it's hard to believe :)
That's wonderful!
Intense game, but we won
I don't hate you but I just wanna save you while there's something left to save, whoa whoa
GIRLS ALOUD ARE RECORDING AGAIN. I NEED A BUCKET FOR ALL THESE TEARS. I'M SO HAPPY. FINALLY. AH! <3
Get the blow by blow, as Lady Antebellum talks about their music, track by track, up now in Artist Audio!
Stay positive, things could be worse
the one about Anthony having his own seat.
Why not?
I want my girlfriend to be out of dance. I wanna talk to her already!
~ Love you guys - stay lifted and hope it is a success........ :)
I pray I'm nt rude to them kids today since it is almost 2am
I give myself away on this beautiful Sunday Morning so that my God can use me.......
Even less than we need an article about Hipster Grifter's response to ESPN Con Artist do we need it paginated into 5 sections
Happy Mother's day mommy!(: hahaa
I'm bout to win my soccer tournament!!.
learn those backroads!
ikr :') i feel bad cuz i havent been around for a while /:
Now, with all the Harry-for-England hubbub hushed, Spurs might manage to win a few again. That would be lovely.
RT : Amy Richards: "As much as there is a war on women, there is a culture of protection of masculinity."
Finally time to take it easy: Harry Potter movies and bread-making, yes!
mwah. I love you. <U+E418>
I'm making it a goal this summer to have as much fun as I can!!!!
CASTING FIR REALITY SHOW IN NY LATINSHORE@ tweet me for details
I'm sorry for whatever I did :(
Wait wait how did I miss Peter Davison?!
Great account executive? I'm going to have to read this!
i saw you last night! sexy <3
Austria got it for 2015, a mere 130 odd miles from Stuttgart.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable...like a coma.
“: Hmm.... To give in and get Social Distortion tickets, or to save the $45?” right? I remember when social d was $10 at the door
God is faithful !
with that bio, you should be a guest on "Raibon Radio". Every Wed Live on Latalklive.com.
I want him <3
I have no doubts that plenty of Dems simply didn't care who the nominee is and are more concerned with the general election
Feel down the stairs. Awesome. Carpet burn. Sprained ankle. Bruised ego.
If you're feeling down, a great way to feel better is to read your spam mail and pretend it is real.
But incubus was dope!
I love those random late night phone calls. The ones that was just to say goodnight but you happen to fall asleep on the phone ^.^
It's at AOL, 395 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, CA 94306. The site was right, we fixed eventbrite. Thanks for the heads up!
Are we still able to vote for favorite CBB episodes?
said like a true philosopher :)
LAC posted about Molly Moon's Homemade Ice Cream Shop in Seattle RT : please share! Where do you find that?
Just bring as many people as you possibly can
And the downfall of America continues
not sure who ran over 1k days ago, but the official handle is
Hey thanks for the follow! Looking forward to seeing some of your films
If anyone has a micro & mini USB phone charger we can borrow, that would be awesome. Someone (Barron) forgot theirs.
man Linda had so many good one liners tonight, so funny. wish I would have written them down.
sweet- tues should be good! will confirm over the weekend :)
Josh Hamilton 4 homeruns tonight he is a beast
ah link-building. #dfwsem make it count. make it authentic. but whatever you do, show me the links
He wasn't worthy of a goose neck. I wanted to wring his little goose neck.
I think im stuck in so.e weird space-time vortex. It cannot already be 2:30 pm
Don't forget: Great Westside Family Easter Event tomorrow - April 23 - gates open 9am - www.kuik.com for full story.
Boo, is that rain I smell?
Driving from #Albuquerque to #Farmington #NewMexico is so beautiful...
7s team looking good, working hard and coming up a tad short. is up next
Decided to engage themselves and do exercises on utram.Postelila blanket on the floor, lay down ... and went to sleep!
FEMALES ARE SO NICE.....I WISH YOU BITCHES WAS LIKE THIS
The assumption of stability is part of something I call the "Winner's Crisis." We've been in a Winner's Crisis since 1991.
"Scorpio: Your power comes from your magical ability to undergo a surprising metamorphosis today. " Oh dear. All I can think of is Kafka.
Girls in Family Law Class in #lawschool always side with the woman. Don't argue, you know I'm right.
Moving #gameofthrones season 1 to the top of my netflix queue so I can finally talk to about it!
due to the current weather condition, cuddle buddy applications will now be accepted.
WE LOVE YOU WITH ALL UOR SOULL !!! AND NOW PLEASE NOTICE ME
I wouldn't have to do anything ;)
Ok Marry The Night is growing on me!!! God damn you lady gaga
Threw up all over the bar last night
You know it! But actually it was his idea.
I'm in a mood for music I grew up to.. my playlist rocks. :)
Yeah, I think I get you.
Waisting your life to me is just that. Outdated answers and ignoring the beautiful world around you
Tx for spreading the word! I just used the Marion County voter hotline to check my polling place. It works! (317) 327-8683
leftover pho for lunch to get me through some Community Preparedness Day wrap-up and hopefully #mlanet12 scheduling!
lol. Good one.
RT : : "Everybody does dumb shit in high school.Not everyone targets a gay student because he is gay & assaults him."
And flip-flops! RT : It's going to be 50 out today! Does that mean it's okay to wear shorts?
Check us out!! Interested in degrees in Latin American Studies?! Visit: www.clas.osu.edu
Welcome! Thanks for following! EROCK
Super cute picture!
LIVE, LAUGH. LOVE...repeat as needed
Sorry, u gotta be in the States.
t minus 5 days till training kicks off! here we go!
got the vocals laid in and it's gelling perfect!
Just landed in Vegas; here till Saturday
lol who needs furniture? So when are you planning your own #collegehouseparty I know and I will come
God I just wish the cubs could be like the least bit good for once
"teachers" that don't even know how to teach <
I'll be there ina lil. You want something to eat? Like MickDs or some shit..
Love raw so far
ohh, so good luck! you will do it :)
your face is on a car which under most circumstances is pretty awesome, except it's a punch bug. Kinda gay bro haha
Thanks to Cheryl Ball for her workshops and conversations this last week. She continues to be a great friend of the Studio.
No one is texting me. That's cool. :(
Being in the presence of people who give off positive energy can give you the boost you need...be that positive source!
wat time does ur mom even leave o.o
Thanks again Chicago crew for another awesome shoot!
Officially done with classes for my freshman year!!! :)
Get your i18n code right and get promoted to Señor Software Engineer
I'll wait.
TELL NONI I SAID HI ! dude fucking jaycut wouldnt work i was ready to stab myself BUT i did not ;)
bowling like a gee!! cause
Big ups to the douchebag who took up 2 parking spots with their Suburban at the gym during the busy time. I hope someone slashes your tires.
wait, Chris Evans is the Human Torch & Captain America...?
lol ah, poor baby ;-)
I'm good foreal, smh it's your fault.... shoulda texted me... you have my number
Nice! I think we're under $3 here.
Keg Liq punch, shot glasses.
So, brunch in San Fran on a Sunday? Please give me recommendations!!!
source of his power
Hayden is a sweet loser love mary kate :)) Mary Kate is the best :) love hayden
:D i love you too babygirl :-*
I think u should follow me
if thats the only thing she wants. Maybe next year she'll expand her wish list :)
for every time you checking you get a new sticker with each character is so fantastic! What yup so do it. Lol
Still so sad that I missed last night at Red Palace, but excited for on Friday!
He's such a little baby ugh
They wouldn't let me buy anything specific
She said is a "thinker that puts out information".. U mean like a #reporter?! *gasp* yep, she's
Sick today :-(
Appreciate it! :)
then come over already!
Let us fix our eyes on Jesus, the author & perfecter of our faith, who for the joy set before... - Hebrews 12:2
haha every time I text you, you're all like "who is dis?" & I'm like "dang harsh, deleted my number"
we realize we can look that way, but we're definitely not! are we causing slowness for your servers?
Love it when you're on the show!!
Um, she had a somewhat troubling series of tweets, followed by her apparently deleting her account
You really messed up with this update. I am going to have to find better program much like old tweet deck. Can you get the hint?
What film are you watching?
!!! Caught up in the magic of swordplay, didn't notice a bus was there? My worst nightmare.
Didn't know frogs liked Walmart ???
Felt so good to lay out by the pool! Round 2 tomorrow
Dine and dash with and This will be interesting...
Beginning to feel insane over this lack of sleep. There aren't enough hours in a day to get everything done in.
what gloomy weather here in LA reminds me of my hometown. #missing Europe so much right now
Twitter is going to have to live without me most of this gorgeous day.
Photography homogenization at its best!
When does the first Episode of #LabRats come on? I cant wait to see it! :)
fucking headache but spotify is addicting
Ugly Sweater Xmas Potluck w/ the Crew tonight!! Shit will get
#CNN reporting that Texas Gov. Rick Perry will drop out of the race today. #Politico reports he will endorse Newt Gingrich.
Naming our Badges of Courage after women who've had breast cancer! Please submit your story! bit.ly/qmhiW9
Wrapped in Indy with Ohio State defeating Michigan. B10 Championship game tomorrow, 3:30 on
They would get nothing more than a mid- to late-round pick if they traded his rights.
If she never mentioned ur name on any network she prolly not claiming u
Wants to sleep.
Thanks to everyone who came out to opening party yesterday!
Total domination on both ends of the floor #GoSpursGo!!!
I don't do NHL. Moral opposition. But the NFL Draft will be interesting, for sure.
Of course you can!
so my sister and brother-in-law met u in Mexico while on their honeymoon.. I'm pissed she didnt ask u for tickets to a show. haha
Tomorrow we gonna bust a sick ass mission!
Anytime bro.
I am good
old Chiodos will always be the shit.
Just a little over a week away from the Heartland Worship Institute. If you're not coming you're missing out...but it's not too late!
I've been using like three emails a day. Hope this works out :) See you in Atlanta sir<3
Repetition makes it more powerful.
This weather is beautiful and confusing.
...You're cool. RT : EPIC FUMBLE by Bilbo Baggins! It's a mad scramble! WAIT. Smeagol grabs the pigskin! "My precious!"
Wondering what I might come back to after 10 days of being away from work.
Filming a #PSA today for Together We Rise.
I love you too
There's like 6257832994210 Dj's in Houston and only like 20 are actually good.
we are proud of you too! RT Auto show with tonight! Papa Meiers would be so proud of his little girl :)
they are awesome. Lol
Friday night, I had a dream about a bug in some software I wrote earlier in the day. Monday morning, turned out be correct. Weird.
GO!SPURS!GO!!
I've been ruined forever when I read "milkshake" because of kelis' song. The chorus is now stuck in my head!
Yes he is. RT : “: Pierre found his new team to be in love with. The Caps.” He's a hockey whore.
stompin in my air force ones.
yea but I'm high so you know how that go .. And just listening to this BS .. I used to get it in Ohio shit is blowan me
was very surprised to learn today that SIX brand new MLS stadiums have been built since 2010
I don't know Jacob. There are so many new people. It's hard to have continuity. Did Nancy read? How did the POV work for her?
Your daily 4-mile bike commute will save about 66 gallons of fuel per year. If just one person in a thousand were to follow your lead in...
can't wait til midnight!!!!! Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie VOD!!
Signs u may be replaced as #soccer coach: Face mysteriously photoshopped out of team picture.
RT : just learned gene wilder went to washington high school. so did herb kohl and bud selig. and latrell spreewell. dang!
Whenever I try to study, I always end up lying on my bed doing random stuff.
Opening day. In like a lamb out like a lion (in October)?
Referee: "when we can't eyeball it we use high tech to get it right. Have you seen our amazing chain?"
I love almond milk on my cereal! Not a big fan if it by itself though lol
radio Hot like wow Werk me.
Feeling good!
thank lord i wont be at work the next two Friday's
Exactly. Offer them a few G's over minimum and Josh Butler. RT : Trade for him.
hey did you get a chance to ask valerie???
No response, thanks.
Hey there, sorry for delay. Still on video task for Great on to follow is
Which is my fave of the contraband books? I'm reading Zinn's A PEOPLE"S HISTORY. Intense. All about the 1%. U?
I've been playing w/ the beta of a tablet app that controls our Blu-ray players. It's pretty neat how technology works together.
Man chill at the hospital hungry as hell
Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur...
We are open! Happy Memorial Day, Everyone!
I feel silly complaining about 6 inches of snow after last year's snowmageddon in chicago...
Carl Crawford to the 60 day DL. What a disappointment that guy has been for Boston
meg is mad that i told you she was peeing... oops! hehe
I decided to get into my day to see if I can unearth what's summoned me from my rest.
I bought some off him
Thanks my darling!!!
I like your taste in wines!
We are heating domestic water and space heating for 3 rooms with solar thermal panels!
follow back plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Quest Auditions are coming for Jesus Christ Super Star,Midsummer,and Sweet Charity April 30th and May 1st from 1-4pm Teatro LATEA in NYC!
the real question is, was Nelly there?
You thinking ima fall,dont be so sure
One move is keeping a single title off the shelves; RandomHouse's move is probably keeping many many others off the shelf. Go figure.
If you like Bloody Marys, be at Sac Jazz Jubulee Turntable Junction 11 AM on Sun. 5/24 for the Bloody Mary Contest .
Haven't been on here in FOREVER!
What did I tell you? My novels are like Lay's, once you pop you can't stop, LOL! Wait til I release 'The Shuffled Hustle II'.
We've got a few months. We'll think of something.
What is defeat? Nothing but education; nothing but the first steps to something better. - Proverb
The SVU angle was actually about adults, alcoholics; sad all around. I pray daily for strenghth to protect my teen
I see all of you are waiting up for the Easter Bunny too.
Started the great migration to bring the music collection in as FLAC. Anticipate finishing in 2013.
Bring Your Own Wine... Tuesday April 12, $35 - Theme Champagne
anyone have any favorite band blogs they read?
Going to watch a school play with <3
i need some headphones.
There would seem to be something inherently illegal about Walker placing fake candidates on a ballot.
My sister is in town haven't seen her for months. Much better than going out anf losing money.
I wanna go back to LA so freaking bad.
Watch out! might be on you. RT : Lmao, people still make diss-tracks? Play in traffic, booboo ass.
Xtravaganza EXCLUSIVE : Chelly - I took the night !! Right now on . Thx
awesome!!(: omg I can't wait till summer<3
same and at my aunts house
Wewant to extend our network of individuals who would want to cooperate in building independent music! Is that you?
check out BWB's CD "Groovin"
i've always liked "i'll be" by edwin mccain but hearing the acoustic version makes me like it all over again! thank you pandora :)
Hungry. Too late to eat. Damn.
The chile is so tasty! Thanks for coming out to the ! Happy Thanksgiving!
What is your level of obedience towards God and His requests?
#Vols are getting spanked and the #RedSox game isn't being shown on Fox here in Atlanta. Guess I have to take my medicine & watch this loss.
Good luck! Hopefully it's not a zoo! :)
RT : Kids under 19 no longer denied coverage for pre-ex condition – thanks health care law!
do any of my twitter peeps use scrivener? thinking of making the switch.
sitting alone in the atrium. fetch.
good morning Stan.
i really dont no wat to do i cant sleep
I'm glad you can get laughter off my pain lol. It's ok though.
Have you tried our new Nut Brown Ale? It's a new addition to our fall Craft Pack.
Bah! do you know what we're doing this evening yet?
so many comments so little time.
All comedy situations have to get more terrible, the minute you get over it, the humor is gone.
I'm curious, how tall is it?
lolol, we really sat there and had an argument about whether or not tupac was dead or not haha #ilovejazzy (:
MLA in Philadelphia
Another magical night at the K
Happy 40th Birthday Jill!!! =D
Long Tail of the Big Bang - sounds like a Chinese folk tale
I am ashamed. But I had a train to catch.
4 total points in the first 4 min, is this a #B1G game??
Cleaned all day.. it feels so good to sit :)
oh yea love you too, I guess that's payback for that burnt grilled cheese
Why am i still in this house
Phooey. Was hoping some FX enthusiasts could help a sistah out. :-p What's on the agenda for this weekend?
IF I COULD HAVE ANY SUPER -POWER I WOULD CHOOSE THE POWER TO REWIND TIME SO I CAN LIVE FOREVER
thanks FUR the follow Nam, i appreciate it :)
Clams Casino - I'm god <U+266A><U+266A>
do you date a girl named Drew?
no i missed you :(
In America, we will eventually have a President that used to play Pokemon as a child. Scary.
Tonight... DRINK.EAT.DANCE @ THE ATTIC W/ DJ SWAYZE & ONASILE. NO COVER!
stop what you are doing and take a time out!!
seeing that garbage has a new album out just makes me want to listen to curve.
RT lol aw<3 ever since we took my dad to Lins that's the only place he likes going to now.
good luck :)
So much for bucket of rain.
Oo got a disipline essay! That's more writing I have to do..just because I flicked my pencil across the room!!! Gawwh
Wear more funny costumes.
are you dead
well i think I would rather not hear about them. Seeing as though we will be living there next semester.
I need you to patch your friendship up because there can't be division in the Nation!
For some reason, I don't think he's interested...
Health food makes me sick. ~Calvin Trillin
should be in your inbox, just fill out all the info so we know we're getting you the right shirt size and all that
You, who invented virtualization, I love you.
my best friend practically lives down the street from me and i still never see him D:
You mad my nigga, Shit its hard not too.
We'll take flattery any day. RT : Powell Library is so fancy and beautiful... I almost can't stand it
i went to west high they ain't teach me how to spell!
just watched the pilot of "game of thrones." you have my attention.
If you just got your team a run you shouldn't give up a home run with the first pitch. Gorgen did.
next week!
Need to get going on this again.
I'm Going Backstage & I Get Things Signed & Stuff So I'm A Make Something & Have Them Sign It For The MB Fans
absolutely gorgeous.
Big achievement always occurs in the framework of great expectation.
thanks for the furniture recommendation! :)
Me too. *shudder*
hey!! Long time. How is everything in aa these days?
RT : Success is buried on the other side of rejection. ~Tony Robbins
Excited to begin my new journey as assistant wbb coach at Cleveland State University! So many great ppl to thank
U go get ur friends, n il get my friends, n we can b friends throu this evry weekend
RT : As we let our own light shine we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same~Marianne Williamson
Today's crazy is brought to you by all the letters in the alphabet (rearranged to spell 's name).
How Are You? :D
I hear you! My own moves around my house have been a regular 'Grapes of Wrath' of knit-office space acquisition.
Playing whiffleball at lax practice >>
We assume you've lost a Super Bowl bet a time or two. What's the best punishment you've heard of for losing??
RT I want my drum programming to be on some other ish!! like murderous. so yeah. thats why I study. <- I can help wit that.
depends on the house, but w/ WWTT: It's...lower case if still attached to ellipsis. And then... Capitalized if not attached.
: did the instructor participate? in what capacity?
if your not following me your I'm not following you. and all that bull you follow me I follow back most don't follow when you follow them
Neither: Probably just makes you a well-adjusted human being! #Bachelor is the ultimate schadenfraude. Like therapy, but cheaper.
Punk'd!!! look on face is priceless!! lmfaooo way to go !! XD
In Sally we see the burgeoning of the feminist movement in that late '60s/early '70s.
where are people watching the Champions League Games tomorrow in KC?
Spent the day sightseeing and resting in manila Chuck gifted his beloved cajon to tribe so ordered a new custom made one. I start my return
three DAY WEEKEND
Cuz, I'mma call you after 5pm Central Standard Time, OK?
What a good run for For all the negative energy from the media he stuck it out for the cameras.
lmao. I said I be busy not ballin! <U+0001F602><U+0001F602> more money more bills!! FML!!
you've done plenty!
CAKE DECORATING PIPING SCROLLS DESIGNS amp TECHNIQUESHOW TO MAKE ROYAL ICING RECIPEWEDDING CAKES - cake decorating ideas
Hahaha you guys haven't uploaded your video yet or announced the album news :(
Google+ won't mean anything at all until people start using it to talk about things other than Google+. Whiz-bang doesn't sustain sociality.
99% of people in this world are Stupid. Luckily I'm the other 5%
Me:"hey give me the ball." Jesus: " no it's my ball it says my name on it, see WILSON." ha
brilliant - I was expecting a big mad steak !
Move over! takes that shizz seriously.
If he's on my projects, I prefer he sticks around. U could resort to that disguise we talked about-then u wouldn't look like u.
hello world!
RT Totally had a fatning weekend, today I start fresh, with diet & exercise.
just woke up 0.o
agreed. still haven't watched this week's.
was there anything that was cool or that you liked about it?
I wanna watch #workaholics :(
Chi talking about providing computational access, not read access, to primary content. Googlesque.
Thanks for the RT. I hope you can visit the Rose Compound again one of these days! The last Old Chub beer is saved for you...
when I get asked to prom they better bring me chicken nuggets
Lets get 9,000 plus #followers before may is over he was on #americasgottalent N a great singer one of his fans #twiiter:)
My friends Feike and Larry just got the new #iPad delivered here at work. I think I turned visibly green as they opened them.
winner winner, chicken dinner.
Idea: Fire Currie today, keep Martin & Snyder tomorrow?
Coming in about an hour. When is the interview with Xtina up?
Or-- all those pple make music for babies, and that might also be true
I sort of want to favorite this, but I wouldn't want you to think I was mocking you :( Feeling your pain.
": smh" why you gettin an attitude?
It also makes me LOL also:D
I'm pissed I just turned and snatched my lashes off I wanna cry!
Do you think you would like me better if my name were Biscuit yes/no
Big day tomorrow.. stay tuned for the latest! Tell your twitter friends to follow us as we step it up a notch here at Found in Town.
Hey jerks I work for, if you can't attend a meeting at a certain time, stop accepting my meeting invitations!
is my Jack so I guess that makes me Rose, that means I will never let go
New topic - Gots me a little itch!
Ima Check Yu Out Now Bra
Titanic in 3D? Maybe they'll see the fucking iceberg this time.
I Believe I Can Fly....then I went faceplant.
Delightful Diner Dinner :)
My colleg Prep presentation though>>>>>>
ULL will look to defend its SBC Tournament title and record the fifth conference championship in a row for the Cajuns.
you guys in route?
this tweet + your mario icon = funny
Barbershop flow lol
lemme know if you need a mixer on that record.
Kings of #Party Rock
is excited about the upcoming new recording!
On the way to a grants workshop w/ for VA Tech faculty members at their Ballston, Virginia site.
Its almost Valentines Day! Get that special someone a great gift at Bath and Body Bistro 110 MORNINGSIDE NE.
WTH is up with the replay systems in GB & AZ?
i just know
Don't forget that Scout + Megan are in Santa Monica...
learning a code language with your best friend, and then falling out over something stupid 10 minutes later :'(
Listen to this Monday 4/23 to hear tell it like it is as comedian, mayor & farmer - not necessarily in that order
u have followers and Raider Family in L.A. too.
Q1) narrating your work so others can discover common interests and expertise
Today will be a better day...I'm trying to stay positive and pray for the best
Oh wow!! That makes me happy :)
hey! I actually might! I have a yoga class that ends around 8 so I'll text you after <U+0001F60A>
Total love fest at Loving the Circle City as we parade through our favorite things about the city!
Happy Friday, friends! Looking forward to a weekend of hiking, wine tasting, camping and fun. Life is good! Hope everyone enjoys their day.
that's what I thought haha
fuck you. Fuck this friendship we have too!!
"Live simply that others might simply live" EA Seton. RT : Morning!
We are here to learn the greatest wisdom of mankind, yet we choose to gossip and rebel. Tenzing Norbu
RT : It's been a tremendously exciting day for me. I am thrilled to be back with the Denver Broncos!
#NYGiants ball! It hit his knee!!!!
I swear, everyday when I get home from school I get a headachee <U+0001F621>
If you imagine walking 6 blocks SW from Jesse's house, you'd be on my doorstep.
I'm not attractive & I'm lame :P
Be sure to tune into MADMIC SHOW 6:30pm tomorrow for our exclusive interview about the upcoming Winter Film Awards!!!
Let's talk "behavior rules" at
Sit in at trenton for home forclosure meet at irvington public library 10 am tommorow
Thank you for the bday msg
you have a couple of hours left hang in there
To all the moms, happy mother's day. Enjoy your day tomoro. Thanks to all of you for being so amazing
Closing session of #tcbsm4hr Day 1: SoMe adoption resistance? Dig age not coming - it's here. Worry not about ROI but COI - cost of inaction
computer, arch...Arch....ARCH!
Awesome! from SMCPros on Fox 9 talking about Twitter! Thanks Tyler!
4 example, idiot cops/lawyers/judges/liars/perverts/ everywhere slobbering infected thoughts, setting hog like examples 4other people's kids
There's not enough outlets in my classroom for all my students pencils
$4.37 a gallon in unleaded gas! That's like pouring (2) Starbucks lattés into my gas tank!
where r u headed?
shite. I may or may not have forgotten about today. I have an appt after work. Tomorrow?
i take it back RT in omer asik i trust
Why is it we always want what we can't have???
Damn cookies.
No prob! I have told a bunch of my #writing friends about your blog too:)
Thank you so much! Baltimore thanks you! “: Just got my mother to vote for you! That is 3 out of 3 from my family!”
Absolutely. It will be on the web at 7:00pm so can hear the whole thing then.
106F. I am melting.
Hi it depends on our client however, we usually won't recruit a person back 2 back within the same month. But keep applying :)
I love good music!!!!!!
love it girl! xx
invite to you come meet the candidate for Cleveland Clerk Courts today 5pm-7pm Grumpy'S in Tremont on west 14th
“: The people pissed that Hunger Games characters weren't white are really going to shit when they find out about Jesus.”
Godspeed astros! Safe travels, much discovery, and happy birthday !
exactly, my daughter didn't play today so tomorrow should be great. Like you said a new day
Whatz good.. S/O The Invisibles!!
Crack cocaine is NOT a prescription drug!
Just playing acoustic on the sidewalk for BBOKC visitors. You can set up a tip jar too! CC:
This may be the last event in this building before the #NHL draft in June.
successfully was in the sun for 3 hours today without getting burnt. thanks indian river for getting me tan
I was never sleep... RT It's 2012 and racism is still here smh #wake up
We enjoyed our parent school tours of Chavez Prep PCS and SEED PCS this morning!
"Can the Latin word 'cum' still be used without misunderstanding?" - Favorite question of the week.
Cant wait for Rezurrection
Because Notre Dame has as more proggs and pro-aborts with tenure than believing Catholics?
Saw it. The heart’s eye; frenzied, baffled bent,before the decimate sunof argument. One lean soldier, fraction of your revenge.
safe travels and best of luck. if u get hungry in miami, stop at jimmys dinner on 125th. its like 5 minutes off i95.
"Bridge Burning" by is so friggin' good! Can't wait to see them in New Orleans for JazzFest!
Could have died 30 seconds ago...
Looking forward to seeing some amazing shots! Thnx evry1
No thank YOU. -BF
right on i got like five bios to write thx i will be retweetin wen u announce ur done
Woke up still feeling off kilter. Hope this workout helps me get it together. Hugs to for the late night empathy & direction
Filming for Rock Out Autism today!
Rise and weet!
u asked 'what teacher makes $100K with benefits?' n we told u! U know ur jealous - come join us! FREE* health care for all!
I go to both. But I'm not going to just go because everyone else is going. You have to go because you LOVE the music.
Word from our printer is the May issue arrives tomorrow. We'll let you know where advance copies can be found. April's still got a wkd left!
has west been traded or signed from p squad
I LOVED it! How's Nashville? I really want to visit!!!
u think ur feet r....man I hope their grater is ready to go....
Dear God: Please help me to reach my full potential in this life.
RT ": I never step touch without stretching." Safety First!!!!
The thing I love most about being a Socialist is that unless you have your Master's from an Ivy League school, you can NEVER join the club!!
Loves that all my fears and worries go away just from the sound of your voice.
Why did they make us carry our books??
last day tomorrow get out at 10:30 and than get to go home and relax before the big game!
#MyBiggestFlaw Is i Have a hard time Letting Go
Trading in some shitty/old games for Tales Of Graces F tonight. RPG time is killing my Marvel game >:(
Demanding the kids go to counseling, just so one can insure victim status is just wrong. A step below Münchausen syndrome in my opinion.
And you can rest knowing that you LIE and support terrorists who target innocent civilians. Their blood is on YOUR hands.
The grind ain't enough you gotta mix it with the hate.
Got my sister to massage my sun burn >:)
The best part about tax season is getting to violently shred every last piece of paper that didn't go to the accountant.
we're working on that...;) cheers!
#Weight-Loss: The #carbohydrate-rich meal stimulates the production of #insulin, a hormone that helps to store
IMHO the best part is the " You shoot first!" line.
Happy Easter everyone.
Office Olympics update: Curling is about to begin
Talent and dedication aren't always enough. Exposure to those able to raise your game is a must!!
Have a great birthday!
lol now go to bed
Hey Everyone, be sure to join us for our last Actors' Lounge of the year next week. Wednesday, December 7, 2011 at 8:30pm.
Stefano=yum Pia=OUT THANK YOU if Stefano or Jacob got the boot I was going 2 say the show is rigged. Actually the show is still rigged
listening to #SaySomethin right now :) love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3
community grill!!!!!!
aw man, tease! Looking forward to seeing it!
"Manic Monday Follows "
I love when company's websites are down for maintenance + they give you a coupon code for the inconvenience! I always go back!
It's official. I have just received an email from Sony saying my details have been stolen via PSN. ...More pissed I can't play COD online.
I am tracking swirling winds right now from De Leon Springs, Deland, Lake Helen and soon Orange City...heads us
Dang, ATL airport is huge! Must be 10 active runways... The air traffic control people better be caffeinated and on their game!
Our responsibility to ourselves and the world is to seek out knowledge and act on what we learn
great! There 4 a minute I thought if u don't know what a #BBN meant or a #8thbanner u was duff not a wildcat!
congrats Jayme!! Can't wait to see you perform at the 88.9 awards. That is such a great night.
my vote is Garrard.
Happy Holidays! I have been neglecting my Tweeps bad this season... But I'm back! Anyone have big plans for New Years?
I agree with half that statement! <U+0001F61C>RT : I don't play when it comes to my #Lakers &amp;
yeah im sure but I did check the account and I think someone hacked it
Nice font!
it's cool lol I was really just laughing
Merry Christmas from KoreFit!
Every time I look up, Mike Bibby is laying on the floor on the offensive end.
woo! field day tomorrow! well gotsta go to sleeperzz. night night.
itchy itchy bye bye. smooth skin, oh my, I feel good :)
God damn it! Skygrid tweeted a bad link.
Lmaooo Maxwell is playing in the parking lot .. Weird.
The Twenty Won Sunday RT : gota name an ice cream sundae tomorrow at ghirardelli square tomorrow... any ideas???
yeah we should jst make poster and put them around town lol
Been stuck on I 75 for going on 4 hours and haven't even gone 10 miles.
Ion even call this bitch a hater no more I call her a
Getting ready for tomorrow's big public workshop in London with our good friends &
(the part being expropriated)
I know you want to watch the pacers tonight but can we please switch back to the voice? Eggs are done :) love you!
hello everyone :)
off to a free grant writing seminar at the Foundation
PickUpLine: Smash an ice cube and say, "Now that I've broken the ice, will you sleep with me?"
yes yes yes
Unless it's ping pong
i was just happy to see a replay of it online so quickly since i wasn't watching
Anyone know a good resource for online book groups? I'd like to start a private one for long distance family.
hey! How are you?
at least your not leaving forever!
home again. How sweet it is! (Even if moms at work)
There's just something about you that makes everything okay.
great product. You need one for every room in the apt.
i was!! boo...#twitter is messin' up & not showing my mentions!! so i just got this...sry for late response! have FUN though! :)
Worst thing about /UF story: The blatant, implicit deception. Writer knew there was no link, brought up athletics to shift blame.
"I am NOT going to hold my butt open!"
I'm not sure what passive income generators are in this space, or anyone who even talks about it that way
#TwSIG Twitter is community centric. Community is developing. Building community. Important part about being in real time helps.
just to save 25 sec
According to my mother 10:30 is "almost lunch time"
Off to morning worship and then to work for the rest of the day. I am s o thankful that I have work to do when others don't.
On average a 500-calorie slice of cheesecake will take jogging for one hour at a five-mile-per-hour pace) to negate it. Ouch!
thank u
but you're not following me :(
interesting idea. But what if the students don't realize what works best for them until they have invested the $?
We'll be at Bale's Marketplace – Cedar Mill today from 3–7 p.m. sampling Brew Dr. Kombucha!
Mistle toe belt buckle >
And, as ever, I'd like to thank my children for my sore throat and stuffy nose. Love ya.
RT : Prediction: economy matters more to 2012 than bin laden capture. If unemployment's still over 8% Obama's still quite vulnerable
You might want to check with Kat. She might have it....
Have you bought anyone music lately?
cuz it was obvious they saw them illegal hits.U may want to listen to sportsradio in MKE sometime..could help with ur show
i was creeping on your dads twiiter, he loves you , his tweet said so ;)
thanks for the mention! Wm Dobkowski
looking for music. Ck us out.
I feel deprived...I never learned anything about fuse or circuit breaker time curves...
#scratch that! && are my newest Bestfriends! Haha
Thanks for the follow!
#BostonArtist About to drop an exclusive Memorial Day Mixtape with called "Match Up - Philly vs Boston" Tweet Me Music
Oh shit yeah. Show needs Michonne.
We would be very interested in working with you to help enhance your website. Feel free to contact me at
do you watch Justified?
On the way home and enduldging in headphones to listen to music d^~^b
A new study shows that a left-handed person is more likely to develop schizophrenia over someone who is right-handed.
#BeforeIGetMarried You must have success at keeping a job and a place for more than 6 months...
You know my name, not my story. You know what what I've done, but not what i've been through.
#friendship “A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.”
Rather than studying, I spent my last half hour defreinding people on Facebook
Planning pitch opportunities for new TV & entertainment subsidiary
Both LA teams closed.
Hope there will b a chance i will meet them ,
These comparisons need to stop - they each have a different way of Being.
Just met another brilliant Afro-beat musician/producer from Portugal, I smell collaborations!
I love Victoria's Secret.
My room smells like Raid bug spray
Corona O'clock
so what happens now? where am i going to? dont ask anymore...
Monday means luau night ! Come on by for some ono poi, kalua pig and more!
WE JUST WATCHED THE VOW DURING THE CELTICS GAME
New website is almost complete! expect news SOON!!
wish I could help XD
2 and a half men is really America's #1 comedy?
Back to the office just in time to catch the end of #sachat (finally!)
Good Night Philadelphia!!Another Paper Champion Down!! That's 2 n 2 Dayz!!!! Money can buy you a lot of things but def not a championship!!!
RT : Visit www.bealsandabbate.com for preview of August 19th's show "Paintings & Sculptures" featuring Nordwall & Ethelbah!
So should've been in the finale more :P
But He was pierced for our transgressions, He was crushed for our iniquities; and by His wounds we are healed. Isaiah 53:5
": #stella"how many left
Those moments where you want to scream really loud and break something.
BEEN @ CAPACITY @ PLAYHOUSE ALL TABLES ARE SOLD OUT!!
We're sorry. This comment has been censored by sopa.
Neva B Afraid 2 Fail Ryt In Pplez Faces. Failure Bringz Out d Tru Strenf In U Provided U Stay Comited. B'sides, Human Memory Is Short Lived.
Tony Siragusa is the BEST
Im Starving..!
Tell New Orleans that I miss her.
Nice! My sisters were born 23 and 24 years before me. I was a surprise ;).
Well look who it is :) Welcome to twitter fellow #Canes alum.
Facebook users spend avg 405 min per month on the platform. Google+? just 3 min/mo... even Myspace is higher (8) [comscore Jan data]
kudos to string cheese, if I had the resources will take on #ticketmaster, such an epic monster rip-off, fees are 50% of the tkt.
Awesome!!! which 70.3 and how did it go??
haha I aint tryin to take no ones bike... Im not that good on them! Haha
We're joining Pinterest and searching for the best resources! Tweet us a link and we'll check out your boards to follow.
We are in a "making" time where the rules and laws need to change, ie 3D printing, says
#ThatOnePersonInSchool who is SUCH a BITCH
all gone
Seems I'm now Mayor of Kulturez on foursquare. No idea what significance that has but yeah I guess it's kinda dope. =P <3
I agree! I'll be legit sad if they don't perform it though. Regardless of their upcoming new songs, they just HAVE to sing it.
Anyone else really enjoying the new Blonde roast at Starbucks? I'm normally an Americano person, but I'm mixing it up.
um what?? :'( are you saying what I think ur saying?
Treat the people you love, the way you want to be treated
Shoot me with your word. Kill me with your eyes. But still, like air I'll rise.
Why is it that you follow me yesterday and today when I go to check you out, you no longer follow me? Did I say something wrong?
dude you got out of DC fast...
Want a beta invite to ? Let us know & we'll let you start #Spooning with us Wednesday night!
Omg. 2day is so hot outside.
glad to connect!
Heat lose tonight, LeBron easily becomes the 43rd or 44th best player in the league. Probably. / Nah. Still top 40. Barely.
are you new to twitter? And thanks I hope u can some sleep.
Your so helpful
First I park my car, then I fuck your bitch.
Congrats to for winning a free Unify license! That makes our final winner for the day. Thanks everyone for playing!
are you ok babe?
No you're just a ginger! Haha
watch the game yet?
Sorry folks! #WhereisTim canceled due to severe weather. We will be back tomorrow though!
Naw I feel you. It's a shame though, because we're gonna need him regardless of who we match up against.
Tonights agenda: Teach our #cat catch how to jump up and catch a hair tie. Mission almost completed. Video to follow.
Proclamation presented to Beres Hammond
Good morning hope you have a great day <U+2665> (:
#juhomecoming is TOMORROW! We can't wait to see all of our alums back on campus!
we're in Chicago!
Any idea when Hulu Plus is going to be available on TIVO?
I do. What's the registration fee?
I freaking love youu to bestfriend. (:
"We share the earth not only with our fellow human beings, but with all the other creatures." - The Dalai Lama
that was a past event and I was not witness to any of it! I was on the calm bus!
Squeezing in an episode of Sex and The City before I start my weekend officially!
hahaha i love how both of us are on
everyone needs a Taurus in their life
Dont feel bad:(( your so amazing and i love you xoxoxo
oh okay
You should all come to Vegas with me.
I'd be happy to help you out! Could you please DM me your contact info? Thanks.
That decorative garlic plant smelled good when I bought it, but is now assaulting our olfactory organs.
Holding down the fort today (1-5) at the Read/Write Library (). Come read/donate/hang out with some zines/books/etc! (& me)
What does mediation mean to educators? Some answers: tools to interpret; frameworks for analysis; translation; technology; scaffolding.
-- Smart people use their creative minds to AVOID jury duty, my friend
Miami Stress Buster is now providing medical massage services covered by health insurance. Call to see if your insurance covers massage.
Closer to the Cardiology Unit
Getting ready for a job interview. Pray that I get it.
Sey we got backed into by a truck & her jeep took it like a champ!
I wish they would bring someone in! I'd much rather listen to singers any day
Uh oh , have you tried our #GlutenFree pizza yet? A damn fine pie for sure.
I have to agree! I also like when in the middle of CTMEOY Frankie looks up at Bob. And Bob Crewe's rant.
just saw him last week and I have to totally agree.
A great day..visiting Busch Wildlife Sanctuary and Loxahatchee River Center..Joe (Tami's Hubby) grilled out..yum..ate cake from TooJays
Dan, Simon is very sick. can you find a phone and call me?
"We were together. I forget the rest." --Walt Whitman
My mom just asked me if Indiana gets cellphone signal.
Been working as an academic librarian exactly 1 yr. today. I'm still in one piece and love my job (mostly).
No, but there will be a Humpty Dumpty devil-your-own-egg bar and sweet butter “Eat Me” cookies.
first of all: have you read it?
#allgamejobs Any Level Designers with A FPS Experience want to be a part of an amazing project on the west coast?
What type of epithelial tissue is found in areas of the body that are subject to a lot of friction? anybody know cuz google dont
303 assists the last 21 games for Rondo... Unreal. 14.4 assists per game in stretch. Over season he's averaging 11.5 dimes per night.
There's only one senior standing up front. So all accolades have to be about him.
PEE STREAM, Y U FORK AFTER SEX?!
RT : It would make me so happy if Facebook's upcoming stock market ticker symbol was "LIKE."
Thanks Aga! Please try that entry once more. :)
Our fatigue is often caused not by work, but by worry, frustration and resentment. ~Dale Carnegie
File>Print.
Go follow if u want a auto follow bck!! Oh and and and get 100 followers!
Phocylides~ Give no decision till both sides thoust heard.
ima leave that shit alone and just chill and text
Congrats on being a Bengal
#wcphilly #day2 : How does code make it into WordPress? Bugs, Features, and Enhancements are all handled differently.
Thank you for your friendship. Looking forward to 2012. Talk soon!
NFL Experience is amazing. Could spend hours here. Much of it in lines. But tons of fun.
your just mad because I keep Beating you in that game
Can these next 2 and half weeks until exams just go by without me wanted to pull out my hair?
make it about missing us.
I didn't know that superstars sit out at the end of games... Blake Griffin is a scrub. All he can do is dunk (and flop).
Whenever I watch the Clippers I root for them to lose.
Can honestly say I haven't been this bored in quite a while
just lost a follower. they can go play in traffic. (:
you know they're not sold out at ravinia, right?
RT? FAVRE ON THE GROUND FAVRE ON THE GROUND LOOKING LIKE A FOOL WHEN FAVRES ON THE GROUND HAHA
"where do butterflies go when it rains?". -
We're pretty good at reuse. In one case, converting old doors into exhibit panels, thanks to the in Texas.
Anne Tyler~ It is very difficult to live among people you love and hold back from offering them advice.
": I over gingered my kale! #dinnertragedy" too much ginger? No such thing..!!
I'm so excited for this weekend but more excited to start training with you looveee youu bifff
For sure! RT : I'm so inspired by #10mph documentary. Life can teach you a lot if you just go out and live it.
brother sent us pictures from his pod/cell at king county work release. It really made me miss my cell. #DidIReallySayThat?
Nice to live in a world where retro photo simulations are worth a billion dollars.
The last 5 minutes of Forrest Gump are so damn sad. And I know it's the last 5 minutes because they have the #sagawards ticker at the bottom
I really don't feel like going to class today.. UGH
Invest your time wisely, for it will affect your quality of life 5 years from now
cool! iam from usa !! how old r u?
No, but we made blood orange ol' fashions ! Anything with is delicious. For the love of local alcohol!
Wild first half in Waco!!
almost forgot...my birthday is in 2 days. crazy!
Something a lot rarer (I would guess) but equally as beautiful? The bus crush. It's like seeing a unicorn win the lottery.
People just anything...
Our 4pm FREE tour will be starting in 20 minutes! Get down here!
The great friends that I grew so fond of are just memories to me now.
I don't have enemies, I mean there's people I don't like but they don't know I don't like them.
Tell us your New Years Resolution! The best answer wins a gift bag loaded with goodies from ABP!
What is your favorite travel destination?
That's why you were supposed to learn how to use the potty years ago.
Just finished my upper body workout. I didn't like my stats from yesterday's treadmill workout so, I'm trying out something different again.
It half price mondays at Salon Prodigys
haha...glad I can help
we got cops called on us and got pulled over
Oh my! And how does one get struck by lightning twice? This is so sad :( RIP Seau.
They say bitches wear that shit so I don't even bother
Still some time for tailgate parties! Power up those TV's with the PowerHotSpot from SolisEnergy! www.solisenergy.com
Cool man! I'm on Mil St but say hello to
: We second that! Thank you Mr. Kristof for being a voice for so many who do not have one.
can i watch the previous episodes online
You go with your two feet bare
aw thanks guys :) Sean, hope you have as much fun in Portland as you did in Vancouver!
Me and 3 females in the CL
Did anything funny happen online today? We try and track what the cool videos are so help us out!
My body needs the sun bad! <U+2600>
Haven't been on Twitter much :[ Will be on more during the summer though! Which is in about a week! :D
imma look it up fa sho... u tryna roll ?
Only me and can have a conversation in text and on twitter at the same time. Everyone else is restricted to pick one.
Thank you everyone for such a successful review feud!
Function over form
Getting ready to head out to Fresno for
Just made 3 left-hand turns to go around the block, when I could have made 3, much easier, right-hand turns. Why did I do that??
But I just want to be perfect like her.
You go to Danville..
As bad as it was, as bad as it hurt, I thank God I didnt get what I thought that I deserved, sometimes life leads you down a different road
How 'bout Bucky getting Ben Brust? Think there might be a good rivalry between him and Vander Blue for the next few years?
Just fork the highway on GItHub and put in your own interchanges wherever you want them.
I love editing. <3. Especially when the manuscript starts off well.
Catch Feat performance May 12th in the BX, SEE FLYER 4 DETAILS
thanks for coming out to the show!
Cops say man steals crab legs from Tops in Canandaigua then leads cops on slow speed chase. They catch him & the crab legs in Bushnells Bas.
all day!!
sweet pic, bro.
When ur mentally n emotionally consumed with sumone......no one else that comes along matters or even phases u. (Stolen)
RT : "Don't let someone who gave up on their dreams talk you out of going after yours"
totally agree, I need solid shorts to keep the comfort factor up.
Hi! I've been terribly here lately...just watched #DWTS on hulu...loving the new cast! How've you been?
What do you call a parking lot next to an Armenian church? ... "park astudzo"
Taking care of drunk girls :l
always a invite
RT : When you can merge intent with interest, you've got marketing magic. Customer Intelligence launched by
Watching The Descendants!
We are curious to know...Should we add #smokingcessation to our program?
Cleaning cycle over. On to making split pea soup for dinner!
If you're honest about your weaknesses, your credibility and persuasiveness increase.
Keep your eye on Kon-E-zee for its May 1st Roll Out in Florida
My mom piss me off smh , I hate when I drive w.her omg
A cozy day in the studio...
I want in on your lottery. Number 3 for Harmon Killebrew. My favorite baseball player.
RT : A3: Maybe tying in AR/LBS contest for fans in-stadium, unlock clues that can lead them to try on actual ring
Just finished the whole #HungerGames trilogy...
You said tomorrow yesterday...
Thank you for the retweet! , Keep fighting the good fight against the absolute fraud that is
Yum. Thank goodness they're coming to Fremont so I can sneak away for lunch now and then!
Goodnight I love you <3 sorry I had to work tonight
actually this store called agaci. It's like forever 21
You rich fucks need to suffer too.
No more drinking for awhile my Libra scales are losing balance
Live Remote Broadcast from the El Rio in the Mission District starting in 10 minutes
just realized that I saved 90 dollars and 29 cents at jcpenney yesterday
that i know. i don't support them. I can't stop admiring the courage of YSR. Atleast TRS didn't dare overact under his rule
Watched #MidnightinParis with #owenwilson. Pretty cool movie tho I'm not a huge fan of Woody Allen.
Talking to the moon.
Congrats on the funding--good luck to you guys in future!
I've been over you for a long time. You know I don't have the best confidence. So why do you constantly tear me down?
"I wish I liked anything as much as my kids like bubbles. #knockedup "
We have so many new faces around the office lately. #growth is such a good feeling. Welcome ,
Experience is what you have after you've forgotten her name
Writing this "Taxi Shit" shot list
Man, #ASCO - great ideas for utilizing #technology for internal/external stakeholders...#CPD and #CME!
who was Jessica Chastain?
Columbia: good to review what hasn't circulated in 5-8 years; lots of non-English materials
only love march, because of basketball (:
thanks Ryan! Looking forward to ALSD...
First impressions of #linksy: Double rainbows and honey badgers pwning your social sharing tactics.
Good morning!!!
We / ActingInLA just got our 100th follower on Twitter!
What happened to the value of human life? Stop the violence and senseless killing!
not at the moment...are you?
#ideachats Geek is the new black!
Yes. She isn't too creative.
This free iPod sucks
Can't wait for that game to start!
Has anyone been to the #Gaultier exhibit in #Dallas? I'm debating...
You better! : Hope you had a nice workout hope to get mine on the slide later!
Call me
He did so well last night. Love his singing and his character! Seems like a true artist.
Move to Arizona? Hm..maybe!
om I love you.
Gunna destroy respiratory today!
Just started watching 'Archer,' so I guess now I don't have to try crack.
How do you convince yourself to do something you were told not to do.
ate at Five Guys. they have the BEST fries. that will be on my grave, "but they had the BEST fries."
Love Love LOVED your comic Touch Hater's Club -- Good stuff!!!
Is the giving smoke bombs to some hapless tube RIGHT NOW?!?!?
Wont save ya no extra RT : Eat ya girl up fa breakfast
Thanks so much!
Where you can ask questions, are encouraged to give feedback, etc... because chances are you will need them again!
Going to bed!
bruised bone,pulled ligaments&I broke blood vessels so I have blood leaking in my hip<U+0001F630>No gym for rest of the year!
"Without rest, a man cannot work; without work, the rest does not give you any benefit." - Abkhasian Proverb
keep hunting for tickets though cause ya never know.... :-)
Staying unsure of my overall purpose (a rare state) but looking forward to 2011 $ tally only b/c specifics, whatever they are, give comfort.
There should be a rule that whenever a Bush endorses anyone for President, a siren would sound and they would get a pie in the face.
Zack, I'm not a matador so take the bull outside
Just re-watched Gandhi. If you haven't watched it, or it's been a while, I urge you to watch it
RT : Guerrilla Marketing is about low cost, high impact, creative marketing that generates a profit
Louisville does
Did you know? BFC members get automatic discount on ALL items, plus member-only sale prices on selected stuff. Membership pays for itself!
damn, I mean you sure know how to paint a town ever since you came around its obvious you shut it down
bring Morgan to Boston please lol
Amazing bike ride with And I even got a cute little decal! :)
Mike O'Malley!!!! FINALLY!
Just came 1st place in the 1st annual Student Teacher at the Conga Club !! ( Israelinda Guerrero,Dahiana Oliver). Un abrazo guys ...
I could have stayed at home and got out the BUTCHER KNIVES and F.. myself up without paying for the hospital stay. NLD Mom/cancer survivor
you forgot Van Hansis!!! Def the best. Adrian was awesome.
WEDNESDAY on METROWATCH: Victoria White of the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation discusses the organization's Emerging Leaders Series.
and so sad! poor Damon.
Getting ready to see NKOTBSB in DC! Woo! :)
thanks for following Conrad!
Rewriting #SportingKC history...actually I'm editing the club's history for an interactive class project.
SPRAWL! That's the way I'd do it. :)
theydisrespectful.. he gone have to kill them niggas
Meet ACTA, the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement. If you depend upon international audiences and the free flow of information online
Finalizing our logo and working on the new site. Good things are in the works!
Chris Masters was better...
Emilio Pucci. (And stuff I don't need at Target.)
Congress does the unthinkable....something right! House passes #JOBSAct 390-23. Congrats to all who worked on this.
Can't wait to watch NY1 in the morning and learn why there's a search chopper hovering 100ft above my building and Impalas circling my block
going to opry mills(:
love the photos!
I get around - TUPAC
What if I stay in and look out the window? Does that work?
Who wants to go on a Duck Tour?
You are completely wrong!!
it's been awesome! Just really busy... I'm loving it!!
Thank you! I really enjoyed (e-)meeting you all and the opportunity to present.
me either
Feeling creative
Haven't said this in a min, but um- Boston!!
Some great tweeters
IRISH-FEST in Milwaukee!! If I don't see you at the shows(Sat at noon, Sun 11:30), I'll see y'all Monday. Gaelic Storm tonight!
": If you had to pick one last-minute gift from , what would it be?" Picked up on DVD last night for $12.99!
Dying a part of my hair red;)
The new NC Conversations includes articles by Phoebe Zerwick & Rob Amberg, photos by Christine Rucker. Download free-www.nchumanities.org.
Why am I trying so hard with people? I'm done with it. If they wanna talk to me, they'll make an effort. I'm busy enough.
Ok #ROC when did the Orange Julius store leave ? More then 5 years ago right?
I heard Obama got a boner playing golf. Why is that news?
what doesnt kill you makes you stronger
#youknowwhatsannoying when you are really hungry and no energy to cook.
u unfollowed me
If I Come Around You Alot & You Make Me Smile I Got a #crushonyou or
Feeling old?
So today some girl came girl come to me and was like "hey are you still obsessed with ?" my response is "of course i am"
RT : So Sean Payton suspended one year, effective April 1, and Tebow traded to Jets.
Thanks Kyra! With a belief in the great and a lot of blood, sweat, and tears, art is always possible.
should do another Skype contest soon! I forgot that yesterday was the end of the contest and I forgot to enter:'( I starte ...
hahah I should sleep now .
Congrats!!:) : I did not relize how much I would love doing this musical.
You're so freaking perfect. <U+E022>
The #IWS2012 panel is about to begin with 's Sara Basson, 's Doris Cully, from and AS' Shirley Malcom.
oh,,and I patented that idea,,so,,,dont try to steal it.
Nice one sugah
hit end workout by accident. I just finished a 2.01 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
got moved to 9pm tomorrow. We will still be there around 6 though to hang out!
RIP RT : Goodnight, Maurice Sendak, who made bedtime magic time.
Eric Clapton Unplugged
Welcome, it was a great post!
you are lame
I am going to use my recent experience with in my next book about poor customer culture. I hope they survive unlike
My evening mug of warm honey and cinnamon water is delish and comforting!
CBS wins tame Tuesday: Ratings mostly soft overall; ABC's 'Practice' hot at 10 - Chicago Tribune
Have to stay late at work to reboot a misbehaving server. 1st one here in the morning, last to leave at night. At least I have tomorrow off!
Today's diversity event at the Univ. of Pitt was a success.
A planted thought sprouts a tree of curiousity.
blessed and thankful
A wife or husband is only waiting for the -ex to be applied.
The feeling when u hope what u r doing is right...
my paper copy has the regular copyright statement on it :(
Threw up all over the bar last night
Pure fuckery on Mothers day
My name is Nia M Diaz nd. . . I LOVE FOOD !
Wth? Why does s.a. Slack aS* so much.
Reading Michael Pollan's Omnivore's Dilemma. Like many before me I will say "It changed the way I eat."
Yes, forgot to mention & Didn't know about , tho - thanks!
Gettin off work early today.......
Thanks for sharing!
Happy Birthday dear!! Hope it's the best one yet!! xoxo
my sent emails from the last 2 weeks just DISAPPEARED? What's up #google?
Marmol no longer a closer? Hm, bad move Sveum, bad move.
this morning was a definite fail
Thank you Angie. Very good topics and flow tonight. Have a great rest of your week.
Reeling after mixing a great show with Grammy Award-winning songwriter Loudon Wainwright I. Gotta get the whole catalog now!
ima go see you fuck shit up on friday, we gotta chill like the old days lol
can't wait to get mine
Thanks we appreciate it!
Topic 1: Let's talk Montreal - is there anything to be scared of?
Hey Good luck at state! I love you! Kay bye!
Helpful suggestion: double the staff behind the cost check.
we deff failed that <U+0001F609>
just w.e. I think it's just a meeting
20% u-6 unemployment, economy on the brink, washington is bought, and this is the best criticism you've got?
Feeling real bad....wish I could fall asleep
NEW CAR YAYAYYAYAYAYAYYAAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY :)
It's official. Pierced Zebra needs to hire seasonal employees. Email me at piercedzebra at yahoo dot come if you're interested!
R.I.P. Dick Clark. There will never be another 'Rockin' Eve' quite the same as Dick Clark passed on at the age of 82.
“: 2nd treadmill run of the day starts with 'Til I Collapse...coincidence???!!! Thanks pandora and eminem!” yes!!
I truly don't understand how intelligent people ride metra regularly: they're a textbook example of inefficiency in so many ways.
One of the best breads @ Firehook Bakery, available on Tuesdays, is Russian black bread.
is determined to "Step Up To The Plate!" BATTER UP!!!
Live for today...Plan for tomorrow...Party tonight..!!!
Looking forward to working with tomorrow!
More importantly, when do we start our BLOCKBUSTER MOVIE POOL?
Going to see Hunger Games tonight; wonder if it'll live up to the hype.
You manufacture your future in the factory of your mind.
Muppet Treasure Island: still epic.
data viz: helping people see how they fit into systems
Rap-career for those of us too short for pro sports, revenge against girls, and those with dreams beyond the 9 to 5 for minimum wage
Black Beans and Rice with Chicken and Apple Salsa Recipe from Bon Appétit
ahaha how come ur up so late?
Losing followers left and right it seems. If you still follow me, #thumbsup #yourock if you don't, #fuckyou :-)
RT": Momma said don't trust these hoes"
oh jeez I thought so! Happy birthday girl
why don't you see that we are perfect for each other
No one even knows both sides of the story and yet they still keep judging....
you sound like a keeper.
I have the best boss in the world.
I wanna beat the pussy up up up up
yea nd u was suppose to call me bck
Talking bout Grandpa Fred.Ask if he wants a banana.He eats imaginary bananas, says"I thought it would be under the bed & over with by now."
lost in thought.
- the conservative position would be to privatize or at least localize education and get the Govt out of the way
It just dawned on me that when I conduct presentations, I say "But um" as filler. Must. Fix. Pullin' a
Rule of the day: Don't get in the way of a man and his son's birthday cake. Not sure what just happened there...
Having the same feelings about #cdp21 and #c21nonhuman. But youre right, its important to resist the urge to be everywhere at once
Big day ahead. I'll be busier than a cucumber in a woman's prison! ;) x
i don't wanna do my homework can i just watch
Happy birthday to my partner Fence
John Lackey at The Place with performing and The Angels just landed 30 mins ago and they r all filing in... Whatta Place!!!
"Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul." -Henry Ward Beecher. Sweet dreams, yogis.
Waking up early for a wrestling tournament just like the
nah, she just graded it as it was :p :/
With the announcements just coming today, we don't have answers just yet on the best way way to get the new iPhone.
why are METS fans abandoning ship??! Yes, we were only going to lose 17 games all year...?? LOL
Agree--social starts on the inside. : I think it may be our job to train RT
All this & i didn't even smoke today.
I've never been to a Thunder game. #sadtweet :(
Rail projects are a go in Illinois, Iowa, and Minnesota. With any luck we can get back in when we recall Walker.
I'm thinking about trying to put together a course that's sort of an into-to-R for undergrads-- have your undergrads done much R?
MAYBE I'll break open my Season 1 disc set for my Vancouver flight.... MAYBE.
Bev just put all raincoats on sale! 35% off, and just in time, it is cold and wet tonight!
Thank you, Alan!
Campbell Cnty District Judge Karen Thomas, NKYEC BOD receives KY Bar Association Award
Check out the Indie Rock Invitational tonight! www.gh-iri.com
welcome to the sphere bro!
The Dish Hopper AUTOMATICALLY records your entire prime time line up for FOX, ABC, CBS and NBC, every day. 350-6428
I don't want to be here right now, I just want to be with you.
you're at Torre del Greco often! Is it a place with many restaurants?
have you made any cocktails with Jin Ja? It's a delish ginger drink and I want to mix it with things!
Jus woke up
But what will we do with all the guns? Maybe I can go to gunsmith school and then make art with my skills? More sustainable?
Following the Japan penalty, USA kick into touch
"Never Without You" Fan Comments: An amazing song to mark the passing of an amazing man. Fantastic job Ringo!
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
well dang...this stinks
i wanna #dancedancedance with you <3
sounds good man.
- Love the Rottie puppies on your Twitter background!
I think i"ll watch the #superbowl in #Mexico. Indeed, #margaritas!
Just painted sheets with the kids at the library to create a set. So fun. It made my Monday!
Morning ! Just referred your runway, style and production services to colleague - she'll be in touch!
which type?
How were the waves earlier? They looked pretty good on the cams!
Thank you for the mention.
I feel like saying "I love you all" havea good day!
She must be quite the literary princess if all she recommends are true crime books...
If she doesn't realize what she lost within a short amount of time and lies behind your back like a KID.
Hi Sinnamon ! We hope you are GREAT ! :)
Home maint, lawn care-When my future husband helps me with these things he will never be taken for granted after doing it on my own so long!
Tx u so much! We love u too!. Much as we would like our supplier doesn't carry this line of cookies.We have put in request.
#10factsaboutme 1) I shall not steal 2) I shall not kill 3) I shall remember the sabbath and keep it holy <U+2665>RT if God's law is the only law<U+2665>
On my way to work. Imma need a prayer to get thru today....
Will be at the Opolis tonight checking out The Costanzas! Come say hi!
EB! Along with some Boyz II Men!! Come on ;-)
Did manningham say we work on feetwork all the time in his postgame press conference?
Getting ready to start the forum and we have a great turnout!
I am the #antiRomney. Me for President!
thank you so much! Sorry for the delay, I'm playing catch up right now
Home repairs, Maintenance, and Remodeling done by polite, professional, craftsmen. Need some help? Give us a call
Gossip girl season 3
me wearing this suit fulfills the fact that looking classy is the same as looking sexy.
Happy Halloween all you kinky perverts out there!!
#WalkerFailure sez God has a plan for him, but what about the 65k, incl 29k kids, who were to lose health care under his plan?
Summer vacation is just around the corner and I know my family will be traveling. Suitcases are hard to store and take up a lot of...
RT : One of the best pieces of advice ever - nurture every connection, even with your bus driver
oh well, it's done. -deletes from life-
Thanks! I've been looking forward to it but especially so after this week!
“If you only do what you know you can do- you never do very much.” Tom Krause
Y let WIND influence ur WHOLE life? U need ta hav SOME control. That "whatever will b, will b" is nun but Fairytale Crap.
Metal object moving about + a super powerful magnet irresponsibly driven around town=another mystery even a fetus can solve.
We feel an epidemic of snow flu coming on. It's supposed to start in earnest about midnight.
OMG I am so excited about seeing breaking dawn tonight can I geta RT I anyone feels tha same
Omfg i just love this music
Is it ever NOT? RT Its a #Hendrix day.
i feel like sh1t
Ms. Neal is such a creeper... and it's probably entirely our fault.
the titanic<3
afternoon Robert, congratulations on getting into the top 300
please tell me I didn't just text some random person
Haha I know her better then her own "boyfriend"
Such an awesome shot. Looks like me golfing.
Thx RT : I can't say enough good things about Super fast & totally affordable. Hannah got her new passport 2day.
When you wake up with an awful headache <
Thanks! Glad you liked the info! (It really is pretty helpful...)
Better call it a mite
Phones and email are back! We apologize if you could not reach us yesterday.
RT : The obvious is that which is never seen until someone expresses it simply.~Khalil Gibran RT
Bard is fake life. Just be an 8th inning pitcher. Plenty of money to buy a pool and a model wife like Buttholes.
I know this is 2 days late, but you are my hero.
Library website launch on Monday. Work this morning. #Longhorns this afternoon. Work this evening. Work Sunday. #\m/
text me qurlllll ;D
just hearing or seeing your name gives me butterflies (:
That awesome feeling when you know summer's coming.
Realizing if I were a character on #larkrise ... it would be Dorcas... sans corset, post office, or lady parts... #whoRUonPBS ?
Btw, I'm not mad at OKC. This is their year. Lakers management doesn't deserve a ring this year. OKC will never catch Kobe's 5, so all good.
#russiandolls the rest 5 episodes will be shown on oct 7 at 8AM and then the rerun starts on oct 4 at 9pm on LRW chh
amen I live here now and that's all I hear for freaking excuses Katrina
wedding cake tasting made a good substitute for breakfast this morn
LOL - No, that was in Winston-Salem, NC this morning. Burr!!
I feel like everytime I try to give someone advice and they don't take it, they end up regretting it.
Staff got some great ATL-GB NFL playoff photos today. Too bad for Falcons. Looking forward to J-E-T-S vs Pats tomorrow.
All right New York...Look no further New York's hottest club is Splash. And were not talking about mermaids although I could be wrong.
"Never give in. Never give in. Never, never, never, never--in nothing, great or small, large or petty--never give in,
that wasn't so bad. cool.
then, almost Bless You. ;)
I decided I didn't like my outfit so I came into work an picked out a new one
hey , RT And share the savings! Qponomics EXCLUSIVE: Save 40% at The Limited this weekend only! Search "brands" for The Limited.
the cocktail "sundaes" sound great. What did you think of the ice cream?
oh boy I cant wait to hear it!!! Ill call you shortly
In DC about to do my thang. God is good
The feeling of accomplishment comes when being retweeted and favored
try it
Absolutely! I'm pumped whenever we get a great bball game, especially when there are 9 solid prospects in the rotations.
Kate Beckinsale is so hot. Half of it is that accent ;)
I'm very social, but lately I've preferred the quite life. Some wine, a good book, a scary movie, & some cuddling beats shitfaced any day!
Just back from Everest and Annapurna base camps. Have articles and photos ready to go. How can I get them in Rocknrolla? WEW
naw I ain't mad is funny to me
Volvo&#39;s &#39;mean green&#39; truck breaks two world speed records - Auto ...
why does yalls conversations make me giggle?
That's f#cked up!
Jerry Coleman just read the worst lineup ever.
Thanks for following!
boat was last night. Was big hit. Really amazing weather which made it better. Warm (70's) with gentle breeze. Awesome
Got woke up for sum bullshit...n decided to take my ass home.......
#odd arcane laws: In Massachusetts, it is against the law to put tomatos in clam chowder.
That doesn't even make sense.
In Jersey Tail-Gateing!
Coach, he is well liked by us Miami Heat fans as an original Heater -: NY Knicks Josh Harrelson = Pat Cummings? Old time Knick
you my friend are hilarious! just getting used to this twitter thing (alaskans go figure) thanks for the laughs!
Also missed the fact that RDJ was tebowing before he went out to present with Gwyneth Paltrow ha!
In Titanic's day about 80 million pieces of mail were handled by the Sea Post, via NY Harbor.
the vibe is ever positive in monona/madison area. support is everywhere ! i love hearing about gatherings nationwide, rallying in support
I've loved and i've lost .
It's appropriate that MONEYBALL is nominated 4 an Oscar as it is about how mediocrity is undervalued. Oscars love to award just base hits.
Dunkin Donuts coffee is so hot that I have to wait like 4 train stops before I can start sipping it.
It's Fat Tuesday! Be careful tonight, drive safe!
This should be a fun weekend...a lil rain never hurt nobody :)
Good Morning Tweeps =)
Love Caffe Medici in Austin! This is a pretty cool place to pick up an evening Latte or glass of wine.
I need some followers asap
*Hug* right back to you. Have an awesome weekend. Thanks a million for staying in touch.
Dave Hoyt of Timbers Army joins us on NWSports tonight at 7:05 to talk about team
Holy crap, Mitt Romney is rich! Never would have expected that.
LAS VEGAS CUM DOWN TO DEJA VU AND JUST GET IN FOR 5 DOLLARS, 5 BUCKS THATS IT!! ITS LOCALS NIGHT!! 2 FOR 1 DANCES ALL NIGHT!!
Definitely! Very excited to watch next round.
Do what you will, blood. Soon, it's gonna be the whole of the law, know what I'm sayin'?
.Email address?
I just want dknees.
It is time to worship the Lord. He is calling your name knocking at your door. Answer Him today in worship ttp://t.co/JrJi4le via
it's funny how money changes situations...
Ikr, its kinda late anyway…so I guess I will write an post! ;)
I have a 102 fever
hey!! How are you doing? Long time no speak :D
I have been good, just taking care of my little girl and working. How have u been? It's been too long!
Grab a #McCafé Mango Pineapple Smoothie and head outside to soak up some sun!
When you love what you want more than you hate what you have, you'll stop complaining about what is and start creating what can be.
One crow weaves among The drizzle-wetted pine trunks In gray morning light.
Another great day to get an out door workout in if ur near #NOLA . Final Four , festivals and plenty of Magazine St exercise options. Go!
Your Voice, is what Keeps me up and running ; Day &- Night. Ryan, You're amazing. Don't ever, forget that. <3
Anchorage police say the people behind yesterday's Fairview gas station armed robbery are 12- and 13-y.o. boys. Clerk says they stole $85.
billy madison
Oh whoooommm I kiddin. I won't finish tonight. Oh well
2-0 baker down with 25 minutes to go
Follow back ?:)
Breaking out of the 666th tweet...
Men have cup sizes?
Whoa, must be Burt Reynolds or something RT No word on who's throwing out first pitch but MLB has scheduled a 5-minute standing O
I sent Kit a note offering any help I cold do. The video I reposted this morning really struck home. sigh.
I think I popped a blood vessel
Are you in the Midwest these days? If so, come visit Chicago! You could eat well and drink very well at my restaurant, Moto.
Everything is so much funnier when you're not allowed to laugh.
Look at all the great proposals by and Moya Bailey! Keep 'em coming!
Okay I've finally "made" it... I'm at a party with Lindsey Lohan. Hahahaha!
It's like Tahiti outside, except without the crystal blue water and white sands. I want an ice cold Mai Tai. Tiki Tiki.
Sorry we missed you. :( Yea, there's another down the street, but hope to see you @ ADAMS and Dearborn next month!
Getting pumped for #TurkeyDay in just over a week!! Big travel plans or staying in South Florida this year?
This apocalyptic weather is putting me on edge.
Chris Raschka slams standardized tests to the audience's delight
I got Hannah a new scooter for Christmas I think it might be time for me to take a ride lol
caffeine is ok! Not quitting CHOCOLATE. It is something in the coffee oils. I had tea and chocolate. Still hurting.
When asked"What do you want?" do you answer with what you want? Or do what others do and answer with what they think they can have?
caught the interview on WNYC, that's while I'm now following your behind. Interested in the SBSW workshop, "HTBB"
Thanks! Welcome to the world. Happy on sale date to 's Occupy Nation and 's Jackie After O.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. John D. Rockefeller #Entrepreneurs. Embrace fear. Today courage has your back.MDM
Peyton who? Curtis Painter just had an efficient drive down the field to tie the game!
just to let you know... Boyfriend video> every other video to exist
Baby show me by the way you hold me .... <3
Going to see her tonight m...
Uneeda Burger has gone from very good to amazing!
RT : I was born to 1 birth mother, but I've been blessed w/ many mothers who helped to shape me as a mother. It takes a ...
Did you know that you were snapped by the google earth streetview cam? Totally stand out in your jersey!
Announcement #1: The first four languages in the "Love in Any Language" series will be: English, French, Romanian, & Finnish!
- some days feel very much longer than others, I agree. But she's already a little girl - not a baby!
Is soccer still on for tonight? If so what time?
What's so good about picking up the pieces?
OMG!!! Why do migraines have to exist??? They hurt so bad!!! :(
What the heck is this
Forgive me if I stutter from all the clutter in my head..
Thx for sharing! love! : “: "Great mothers build bridges instead of walls." - Reed Markham” wow I love this”
are you going to school today?(:
Dear Landmark Guests, Does it look like I care about your urinary habits? I barely care about mine. Love Jose
I know you will rock the house! Have fun.
Extra long workout as a result of dropping my keys on the trail and getting to backtrack to find them.
I know I haven't tweeted much lately. Busy busy writing. On a deadline. I will be back in May!
Thanks for the RT!
Morning Ken!! Up and at 'em!
RT : Keep an eye on Washington RB Chris Polk, for the #Redskins. 2nd at Wash in career rush ydg. Not an opinion.
cool. I look forward to hearing who the player is
Thanks V!
Valentines Day is almost here! Get her a gift she'll love! Bath & Body Bistro 110 Morningside NE.
I'm needing some new music... what's your favorite song right now?
oversharing/commenting/tweeting usually. Tonight I've directed it to continuing to learn Spanish.
Love bumping into <U+263A>
Follow supper !
"#Literacy is not a luxury, it is a right and a responsibility."- President Bill Clinton
Damn cant believe u lost today. I was expecting u to go 162-0! I guess u cant win them all. Tough loss today & great start this season
Maria Sharapova wins in the Italian Open.
Thanks we appreciate the love!
omfg i swear i spend all my sundays watching soccer, italian soccer, mexican soccer, english soccer, any soccer is good ah.
Sure thing!
Intelligence is not a science.
Everything I own is pink.
Sunday mornings contain a magic all their own. . .
"I heard you're looking for a gentleman is it okay if he's Australian too?" you're to cute <3 spread the message! #simpsonizer!
any tweeps awake?
The groundwork of all happiness is health
where can we find the actual interview? The link that you provided lacked the good stuff. Thanks
“He who rejects change is the architect of decay
Please ignore the DM I sent you. Sorry for the inconvenience. Hope you have a great day!
"Okay! Where's the rest of the Mexicans?"
I TRYED TO BE FUCKEN NICE BUT YUR PUSSHING IT KEEP GOING AND U KNOW WHATS COMMING LOOK TO YUR RIGHT FOR A PREVIEW >
Surely if Egyptian liberals & leftists make enough jokes about Islamists on Twitter, they will defeat them in the upcoming elections.
If only Anthony Davis could block Kimmel from ever being on TV again.
I'm not sure what you mean, I shoot Canon (5D) and as long as you have the Composer for Canon mount, both optics work with it.
Now that everyone's left for awhile I'm feeling relaxed.
omg u look like justin bieber!!! aw eww
So work on the new house commenced today--before I even own it--with my spectacular father starting to strip wallpaper and paint.
Happy Thanksgiving! We look forward to seeing you!
“: logical fallacies are incredibly fun to make up! #nerdygirlproblems” I agree! (except I'm a boy)
#BestFriend! #IMISSYOUSOMUCH! Where have you been?! I'm worried sick! How's Nanda and her sis?
Chekhov's gun = elevator.
Swag*·* bahaha I love u so so so much<U+2665>. Follow me on keek please: elizabethcb.
RT : What exactly did people do at conferences before there were smartphones?
"I'm from TX, and this Hotel is.........". It will get better....oh wait, you fly American....never mind!
And the best title award goes to Slump? What Slump?
Fall is tailgating time!! Make sure you are flossing after all that BBQ, popcorn, nuts, & munchies to prevent future issues!
it never signed me out of formspring haha thats where im tweeting from lol
thx for the folo I live in your district
Fo sho! I'm already Sippin. I'm bout to start drankin!
is so musically creative!! #TheVoice! Ugh tough choice, but as long as one the guys wins I'll be happy!
I agree! Luv ya! RT : - so glad I was able to worship and pray with you! &lt;&lt;hugs&gt;&gt;
Wow this penalty shootout is intense between RM and Bayern.
So. Much. Sleep. To. Catch. Up. On.
Final playoff game this weekend, GMEN V PACK. I would not be surprised if NY pulls an upset...I just can't pick it. Packers 44 Giants 24
": some alone time? I'll want all day!!!" Wont your fingers get calloused? Or waterlogged?
oh my stomach is growling x.x Those sandwiches look so good!
I'm hosting a regular food truck festival in Downtown LA every weekend. Think you can help or put me in touch with vendors?
The rangers
I love this dark and stormy weather!!!
Ah I see. Makes more sense now. Well I do since I grew up in Morocco. It comes with the Moroccan upbringing lol.
The reason why the Mexican sombrero hat is so wide is to provide shade for the entire body
Pbout 2 play b-ball with my sister. I'm gonna run her into the ground! :)
i'm still baffled that fox is allowed to put their lies on display as fact. HOW IS THAT RESPONSIBLE??
Hope to see everyone at Collinfest on Saturday! De Queen, Arkansas here I come! :)
When you have the perfect chance to kiss someone but you don't <<<
Good day congrats to all the #UTC graduates
u should totally follloooow
I just found on twitter
Oh, we'll need a cheering squad! :)
im on sum new stuff 2day who with it
Diamonds on my neck, call it the ghetto's guillotine.
does anyone have uglier URLs than you?
Reading Hummingbrd's Dghtr- great! Uncanny similarities in trek north to my family! Naya/Sina/Sonora/AZ More later-
yeah. Idk why though.
Everything is going well buddy
No, it's ni-ni time.
The #TeaParty failure to rally behind one candidate has shown what a failure they're going to be in November.
shut it! And we are winning still....
Happy birthday to our Director, Dr. Jim Pitts! We hope you have an amazing day :)
#GrandpaFred Doctor, this urinal tubing is, shall we say, giving it to me. What did she say?
Ok lol o.o
"When I first started P90X, I weight 800 pounds. Now look at me!"
with my niece, watching the game.
In the studio... But not in the bed, i'm really in the studio. Lol. Making new music for all of you!
I'd be happy to - can you follow me so that I can DM you? Thanks so much!
How are Ronny and Donny enjoying military school?
Man, I'm headed to the Academy right now!
IKR!? I want to watch his interview today but i dunno. He isnt helping at all
your tweet me sometimes sexy
Also why would ESPN piss off FSU? Don't have exclusive deal w/Big 12 yet are exclusive w/ACC. Shortsighted. ESPN should have protected ACC
Not all my fault. Z is playing like shit too.
my .02c WRA esp. important to small biz not in mdsn or mke who don't have access to resources like we have in bigger markets.
Rain, Rain, go away. Please come back some other day!
I know I missed some of the dialogue. And I saw at at midnight so my emotions were intense.
Red~ Get busy living or get busy dying.
that's my problem with AOP. Nobody seems to know about any other useful application.
thank you for entering! We have shortened the original tweet for easier retweeting. Winners will be notified soon!
you are so welcome!
#Pacers trade to bring former star #GeorgeHill home to
Ima get momma juice a big ass gift basket from yankee candle!
I hate when I run into somebody that knows me but I have no clue who they are lol. # ummyeawatupdoe
when the next iPhone is out. Yes.
#stpatricksday music with the Galway Guild and Bareknuckle Boxers. Best enjoyed with a Guiness!
Goodmorning twitter crazy how there is only two more days until my birthday im so excited
Really struggling this morning no time to workout I want 50 pounds off by Christmas things have to change fast.
what's argenta? this city invents a new hip neighborhood a day. cant keep up!
RT : #JMacUp is a combination of 3 awesome things – Jesse McCartney, his song “Up”, and it’s for the Step Up 3D movie
That's really good.I also wanted to say thank you all your hard work,especially with the global warming info. you provided yrs. ago.
Thanks to the fantastic #SouthAfricanTourism team for a great #INDABA2012. See you next time.
Been in a mood all day
there r cute !!
Are you on the DASH diet? We want to talk to you. email .
Leadership should be born out of the understanding of the needs of those who would be affected by it. ~Marian Anderson
That would be great! That's cool. I'm 26.
Some people are in love with the idea of love not the person there with..
I dont think he means princess in the way you think RT : My teacher calls me princess, at least he knows his place
First speeding ticket.
Jen says shes truly saddened. What about her? Shes a sibling in law.
Cheers 2 U RT Glasses up to new amigos
Ball don't lie.
fuck wit me!
but funny.
What if it's not air you're smelling, but your boogers?
And oh yea melo has 40
Hey Frankie what are doing?
I just wanna cry
Latex gloves brugh.
I'm so pissed that #Ringer isn't coming back. I LOVED that show!! Plus, Sarah Michelle Gellar was titties!!
Well done!
" i do this for tha music "
call me weak it wont make you strong
trying to figure out this whole twitter thing
I hate when you're watching a music video and you can see that they're miming. Ruins the video. Jason Mraz you pillock.
Broke 200k in #templerun #newhighscore how the hell do ppl get in the millions?!!
are you enjoying bejeweled?
I am upset that the jazz in this area in not being supported!
i would do really well if ever tasked with the responsibility of cooking dinner for a vegan 6-year-old.
sounds negative
I didn't know you had the option! I thought ALL scrantonites (scrantonians?) had to go to parade day. :)
#HappyEaster, world! Easter brunch with several families we're close to. Ready to stuff my faccee.
What if when a player flops, the opposing team's color analyst gets a free 3-pointer? I'm for that.
hi Joe! So so week mostly because of time constraints. But the morning weather has been fantastic!!
Listenin 2 Pink Floyd " Money" & watching Wiz of OZ, the munchkins are hilarious starts & free seating, indoors! (via )
“: There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time we fail to protest.~Elie Wiesel”
Out at the Hamnett bout to fall asleep...
Cheers to , two for two today
Here's today's, "Yes it's Monday, but I'm awake!" What city has the most hotel rooms in the world?
nice work!!! keep it up!!!
Just about to Chris Andersen's house. #nuggets. Already have seen officers in unmarked cars.
I should have seen it coming. The moment I 1st logged on to Twitter, it told me that Whitney Houston was dead. I should have quit right then
lol ...I actually really LOVE going to baseball games :)
All my work Ashley instincts just almost shushed this room during intermission cause it's so loud
ACM night at tomorrow, March 1st. , , and Oxford Town. Music starts at 10pm. $3. 21+
Would love to see list of reasons why facebook+instagram. Would have given Google competitive advantage?
“ When a girl falls asleep texting you, it doesn't mean you bore her. It just means she didn't want to end the conversation.”
Can't quite seem to make that work. Used =IF(Cell > 0, cell/other cell), and it works but returns FALSE for anything w/o data
Noushin THANKS for your message and all you do to help those in the cancer fight!! THX for referring anyone you treat who needs us :)
Spent the last hour classing up our house for our annual formal party, now about to tear into some Doritos Locos Tacos.
wow little man is busier than super mom lol
watch out! Whiskey jam tonight starts 8ish until 12..winners!
Y I shouldn't
Lovin Life and the people in it!
that's a joke lol ": Faithful women ALWAYS win. ;)"
" we are not the coochie crooks "
Who thinks the Red Sox will get swept this weekend?! It all starts with a bashing of
We see what we want.
Enjoying Joe Lovano's Bird Songs w/ Us Five. Saw Lovano and Us Five 2+ yrs ago in Village Vanguard. They have come a long way. Impressive!
RT : There's a helicopter above me in west Ft. Lauderdale. Peyton Manning must be in the neighborhood.
Evidently ESPN no longer bothers to talk to Les Miles for a quote. They just broadcast his Twitter feed.
FISH. YOLO. FUCK NO I AM NOT GOING THROUGH THAT PAIN.
R.I.P. Joey Jimenez. You'll never be forgotten.
I need to go to sleep its freakin 2:12 am!!!!!!!!
yes please share. I'm too curious now!!!
That awkward moment when someone you deleted off Facebook tries to add you again.
follow me please2
/sigh - the geekiness is clearly on overdrive when you think you saw the phrase Dr. Who in your feed, and discover it was wishful thinkin'.
Mills also wrote book on WLBT case--in my #dissertation. [-]
#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn When ur girl aint tryin to give u no pussy! Or ur Whack in bed! Or Ur Dick Small LMAO
NYC-bound. Been in the same metro area for one day short of 3 weeks...longest since Aug. '11 when I was in DC for one day short of a month.
Compulsive you say? I'm a compulsive fan of my followers and I'm so glad you're part of the gang. Have a wonderful weekend!
oh no! Deceived by the #pala2011 stream!!! I will save my fan girl moment for #ala2012!!
Always in ohio when I have to work overtime -_- RT : Columbus, Ohio - THIS FRIDAY - Skully's!!!
Today is my last day as Mr. AHS. I'd just like to thank everyone for the opportunity, I wouldn't trade the experience for the world.
still cleaning my house from top to bottom. I will take it to 6 am.
But seriously. Come help me pack.
you really got it! The commercial was shot at the studio above my workplace
Hello Sun! Very frosty morning. Lots of housework today. Dog park excursion later. Labrador rolling in frost.
when are u coming to the east we really need u there cannot live a day with out u <3 #iloveyou #boyfriend<3
i wrote my nhs speech. it sucks balls. let's see if i grow the balls to actually say it. :(
The famous quote about conquering something "because it was there" does not apply to Spam sandwiches sold in malls. Danger, Harvey.
Kittens don't have their full vocabulary of sounds until 3 months... then it's over 100! (a dog makes about 10 different sounds)
I can't understand why he keep pronouncing Memphis like Memfus smh I wonder where that's at? Lol
you are on a roll tonite with the kanye west!!
Anyone know of good source that asks: Is it better to be immersed completely in L2 to learn it (no L1), or to reinforce learning w/ L1?
Description: Seeking participates for a large focus group to be held mid-July
RB, he will be 18 on monday.
I thought that you were talking about at the office. I have a no computer before leaving the house rule works great.
Day 2 and she is beating me like crazy. But I love each moment of it
40 yrs since the greatest Saga, cinematic master piece released. THE GODFATHER! Anyone knws me, I prefer Mobster movies over gangster movies
OKAY BACK TO BUSINESS, GOT A SWEET16 MAY 5TH, ITS GOING DOWN, IM BOUT DAT $$$, DONT NOBODY MOVE BUT ME
It's been good so far. Wat about you?
Winos Havin' all the fun!
being blind causes me to rely on some people more than i would like to but got to keep the faith, didnt achieve somethings i wanted this ...
Yeah we should believe everything Andy Reid says to the media.
im sitting in burger king listening.....yay
By the by, does Monday always = hitting snooze at least once? I need some good wake up jams. #mashups maybe?
"When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breath, then you will be successful"
Thank you for the weekly #FF - always much appreciated and brings a big smile to my face :)
I wonder if people even bother reading your tweets or just fire away dumb questions that you have answered 100 times already
shoutout to whoever whatch 106&park tonight but u goota follow me
I'm dropping y'all some dope tracks!!
Student assistants just finished counting map cataloging backlog: 834 maps in 25 languages. Glad they aren't stacked up in a pile.
Savings Tip -Air-dry dishes instead of using the dishwasher's drying cycle
James jealous me to eat McDonald XDXD Loll
The block below me does one most years, my block cant cause we are on a hill.
thanks for comin' through.. let's connect back on tha streets..!
somethings we will never know !
hey it been a long time we talk
I cant wait for highschool!
Love meeting people on twitter!!! Some are seriously the sweetest people ever!!! <U+2764>
that's really something. I just want my work pc to distribute shots of espresso at 10am and 3pm.
light a couple candles.... Set the mod.
make a wish make a wish and say <3
Like bitch please !
I wish I was in that class with y'all so badly.
RT : Come to "Art Opening: Baltimore: Place to Place" Friday, November 4 at 7:00 pm until <br />Wednesday, November......
hang in there!
PS - Did you know that "Andrea"/Laurie Holden is Mike Cohen's aunt?
Also: in relation to every tweet I've tweeted tonight I am fully aware
lost my cousin in sept. She was 27 and 6 months pregnant, complications frm CF. Aunt&uncle hav alot of faith only thng that
Thanks to all my new followers at home & abroad. Really looking to expand an already great network of brilliant ppl
I'm in a mood.
Iduno abt that one~Ya Mama jokes seem too Black, lol. Richard Pryor maybe ": "Yo Mama" jokes were invented by Shakespeare
Listen ppl are gettin on my nerves talkin abt "ooohhhh we shouldnt celebrate.death, and we as christians" blah blah blah....
My 4-yr old indicates his approval or disapproval by saying "That's a check (yes) or an X (no)" with appropriate gestures.
: - happy birthday! Love you!
USE YOUR WORDS.
what do you have going on this weekend?
they compete for bacon
Hip hip hooray for
TODAY: "Sunday is Funday" in Rio Rancho! Free fun, cheap food, tons of booths and games. Noon-4, Loma Colorado.
Hey we met you in Atlanta after your Salute to greatness award my wife and I performed for the afterparty.
The pink bats appear more...florescent than past years. Or maybe its just the HD.
I need it to be summer
Be sure to check out video list I just retwt'd. One mentions "calculus in real life" !!!
i actually choose not to marinate myself, but am of the belief that all Chipotle deserves the right to choose.
When Ryan Adams Segues into Salt-N-Pepa: A Journey Through my iTunes.
Congratulations and good luck finishing up!
Sweet, doctors visit was $135
That's easy. You're "Art Talk with Edward Goldman."
when will my dream will come true? the'll never follow me: /
Nice play
French Toast Slam @ Dennys >>>>>
Cannot. Fucking. Believe what is happening in the UK. Arrests instead of free speech and now Geert Wilders banned. It just gets worse daily
#ff - you should know this guy, trust me.
damn you're so hardcore. ;)
Choose to have a great weekend! BE CHOOSEY
Hm. I've been her since 7:30 a.m. and this is the first time I have been at my desk. I wonder what the rest of the day will be like.
hey Mi Corazon its Jr you should follow me
Flashdrives...that's a GREAT idea, thanks!
A man who exposes himself when he is intoxicated, has not the art of getting drunk! ~ Anonymous
Happy birthday, !
Savings Tip - Unclogging Sinks add salt before the baking soda and vinegar, and make sure the water is boiling, it will clean the drain
What kind of name is Catness? Going to see the #Hunger_Games tonight. O boy...
Okay and Sure :D
Well Happy Early Birthday Then ! Haha (:
Filming a segment about Sojourn restaurant on News.
OhioSt v Wisconsin what the hell?
I need some forty yard dash to get me through today. how soon until the next write up?
And the 2012 #HardRockRising winner is #3DudesChillin Congrats to them and thank U to all our 2012 band participants ROCK ON
Yes, I noticed this a long, long time ago. Are you just noticing now, or did 'mac point this out to you?
Getting Whataburger! Finally I know what and say when they say it's amazing!(:
alas, no. this is it.
Can we please revive our COMPANY for Sondehim's bday?! Amirite et al?
today's action may be tommorrow's habit
wait that was when gabbyy played bingo with rg<U+0001F602><U+0001F602><U+0001F602><U+0001F602> gab we hit the hay before that happened
RT : Illinois Hospitals Generate $78.7 Billion Annual Impact on State's Economy - MarketWatch (press release)...
seriously considering getting a crab cake for our wedding... #delish cc:
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. ~ Nelson Mandela
Rachel, seriously. Die.
Since Im in #Austin Just picked up 's new book Life is yours to win. Going to vs. tonight.
wet hot american summer...so many great/funny actors in this gem.
@ Mugsy's on Richmond.
Hate all you want playa i still spread love!
Damn, been off Twitter for a month. Schools over. Warm weather is really here. Launched a garden yesterday. Headin' out to Frisco on Thurs.
Per Randi Weingarten, 44 percent of American children live in an impoverished household.
i like a bad bitch who keep her bad bitches with her ;)
College FB atmosphere at #LSP today...Sat aft, drums beating, fans clapping and cheering - makes me feel 20 again. Is that why I like it?
Come and put your name on it.. # cake
DC ain't but so big how come I don't run into some of y'all nowhere
nah, friends don't take friends to , only lovers do.
what are you directing these days?
I literally die every time #KristenWiig stabs the Eiffel Tower in #Bridesmaids! #Toofunny!
Reading #oomf tweets thinking "why? :( ".
Nice night for a walk. Too bad I’m in the wrong city for that.
Talking to realtors about our poor buying choices in 2005 makes me furious. I just want to burn all manmade structures to the ground.
Why did I say what I did?
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact? They're trying not to attract any more undue blame then they already have.
If you ever have a chance, you should witness the #TuskegeeAirmen recalling their actual experiences!
wish me luck :)
I like that made the same victory face yesterday that he did when he won his first stage there
pissed that you went to a Rusko concert!! I think we're even now lol
What a terrible, terrible accident. I've never heard of one of those chambers blowing up like that, but w/ all that oxygen...
oh yeah, things and stuff I guess, but I'll be fine... besides this damn phone is having so many problems right now anyways...
Thanks to the internet, I found your NaN Cat, because I knew someone, somewhere, HAD to have put the two together.
2nite Im fixing Buffalo Wings, Deviled Eggs, Garlic Mash Potatoes, and Bake Beans, Deliciousness Cometh!!!!
My life is over. <U+0001F62D>
Woo hoo! Picked up my new DVD player from #LATISM tonight!!! Thank you #mifordlatism !!!!!
Aww that sounds like fun!! :D Who are you going to dress up as? :)
more dead authors for your list, : Reorb.it's fellow travelers include the wry , & (just joined us)
I got it! The appreciation is mutual
Hi! Still confirming but targeting Saturday at 8:30am at Dove Valley
I, for one, am glad of the name change. That Darth_Dust shit was silly. Next, get rid of the damn underscore.
And this is what makes me upset.Horrible day Fml.
HOLY SHIT! CENSOR MY BALLS, SOPA!
I miss you too!
may being (actually) 21 in chicago this year bring me lots of new learning experiences.
yeah, I just stole the definition for pastry icing off wikipedia. That should fire someone up
your killing me Petey!
is back online, and Blogs@ Baruch with it... sorry for the downtime.
Saw your great Pinterest video on Yahoo! Can we send you the demo site for It would be great for Upgrade Your Life.
#schoolsoutRT My sorors and I are gonna be at #TheVenue tonight for the party!!!! #SchoolsOut come rock with us!
Yeah luv u & there is nthin i cn do re it. its like suicide candy.. im in a drk ally a blind ally, only yr the 1 who cnt see...
Page looks great! We could really get a sense of the restaurant's brand.
Really enjoying being at 's #Gigs4Good for Good people doing good things!
It's not a heart breaking loss, #Mariners deserve to lose because they can't finish it.
Let's do this..... THE TIME IS NOW! LET'S GO MAVS!
Build Your Own Deck
Free screenings this week: The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, The Pirates! Band of Misfits, and Touchback.
“: Ain't no love in the heart of the city. tonight lehgoo” hell yeah!
living the dream, I see
who is at live sporting events right now? What's going on??
Newt Gingrich dropped out of the Presidential race...now we can all go do a happy dance!!!
your welcome. Really exciting original sound. Cannot describe how amazing Romeo and Juliet sounds from a listeners perspective.
Keeping fingers crossed for Haamlicher Schlemmer- will hear tomorrow if they pick us up!!! Signs are good!!!
Now's a good time to go beast mode or whathaveyou. : Seven runs in ONE game! Brewers averaged 2.7 runs in previous 10 games.
Sitting in this room with all these people reminds me that I hate people
Have you seen our new Gift Cards? They're the perfect gift for Valentine's Day and they work at the 13th Floor too!
Looking forward to seeing some of the work our graphic artist is doing. One of our clients is going to be very happy!
Smile: tell me you love me let me see who u really are not some cover up. Ur amazing. Im glad that god brought u into my life
OHIO 4 teams in the Sweet 16. 2 here locally in Cinti!
. was great when he spoke to my class at Mizzou. Also
The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost
Were Frenchie, the pull-toy dog, and Fred, the Maneki Neko, properly supervised when they attended the sleepover with the Marathon Two?
That's great to hear.
One beautiful day today. Took the bike out for a long ride.
Tell her we love her <3
My leads group heard Jennie Poppenger speak about her biz helping people with Social Media. She works with businesses and with people...
Chinese guy at the leg press: you don't own the machine until after your 150 sets are finished. LET SOMEONE ELSE USE THE MACHINE.
YUNI DRAWS A WALK!!! OMG
Bet lost. Beiber up. Bull shit.
The Michigan Difference
love hate relationship with owen d. young. saw some amazing sunrises from the 24 hr study space.
are you and alexis dating? lol or are you just taking her to prom
HEY MAL....Hope the BEAUTIFUL LADY has a BEAUTIFUL DAY in France.....!!
no they told me on the phone that today is the last day?
Good morning swag
there about 8
Ads that portral #multiculti talent as target see better results via YES! is good at this
agreed, and too lazy--please send my way!!
I went 3 1/2 years and just spent the time working on myself and building better relationships with family and friends.
Ugh , what happend to that beautiful sun? >.< #hate the rain -.-
no way you have a twitter!!!!!
Great presentation today. You know your stuff and presented very well!!!! Have a GREAT weekend!
I remember when guys used to be #Romantic <3
Hey, the shoe fits and you wear it very well. Me? Yes, I'm a proud conservative & I will always look to protect my nation.
I hate when bitches stunt on they pussy saying its tight , it stay wet , its sweet .. bitch ! STOP IT .
Although the seminar schedule is tight, I was able to wander through Times Square after the evening session. Great energy here!
Now that I'm back home, regrettably, SKYRIMSKYRIMSKYRIMSKYRIMSKYRIMSKYRIMSKYRIMSKYRIMSKYRIM.
What a week! #lotsgoingon tonight's event with was so insightful!
Your song Bezz in the Trap is stuck in maa head <3
Ah! Bonnie Raitt performed "Right Down the Line" on The Colbert Report recently. Wonderful! Must buy Slipstream!
1.I <3 One Direction Turn On: Guys who are emotional Turn Off: Guys who are full of themselves
Did you know that when you type the letter "F" into Amazon's search box, a terrifying thing happens?
When all else fails, fuck it, just show Ward vs Gatti. That'll keep em watching!!
you disappoint me.
UN Sec-Gen Ban appoints Major General Robert Mood of Norway as Chief Mil Observer & Head of Mission for the UN Supervision Mission in Syria.
Every time I park in the garage at work, I say a little prayer that I'm actually in a parking spot.
coordinating #BOOST sampling events in FL, cant help but sing in my head "I drink a Boost for breakfast, an ensure for dizzertt"
I love myself exactly where I am right now in my career. I am on the right path and things are lining up for me.
okay but please dont get mad
2 entrees = a free appetizer at in May. HELLO datenight! Proving once again: Best way to your lover's heart is the
Had the pleasure of providing a week long seminar in Greenville, MS .. Pageant Winners (Pageant 101) workshop!
Whenever I go shopping with my dad he gets me everything I ask for. My mom never does.
ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain freaking...
I just realized that I don't like LIL WAYNE style of rap but his word play is #Dope!!!
Probably July
Maybe the Philly fans that brought their brooms can do something good with them like sweep their shitty streets on their way home.
All day neuroscience = awesome.
My head is pounding like shit.
Grand Theft Auto 5 Release Date Is March 9th? Much to Grand Theft Auto fans' dismay, the fifth installment in the open-world crime series
Im ALWAYS on my
Speaking of, I've always wanted to have a THATCamp with an evening THATCampfire. That would be pure awesome.
Thank you, Sophfronia!
Thanks for the mention Sean!
it inspired me to make mushroom lasagna tomorrow :)
As if in response to yesterday's tweets, recorded a site today adjacent to a cleared well pad area. Likely at least part of site removed.
I've been so spoiled all weekend.. Don't want to go to school tomorrow. <U+0001F614>
Oh yea so the world ends this year fuck I've still got alot to do no joke
Oh thank god it's over. My cousin made me watch
#FF What other Seattle restaurants should I be following? , , , ,
Last weekend as a high schooler!
I'll be there. BTW, best way to alienate the Bay Area: shutting down the bridge. Smart move, calling off the shutdown.
Bored this morningg but last night was on point I hadd a great new years in new york city !
What would Kirk Cameron do?
please follow he was my vocals teacher. thank you for the support
Dont feel good at all!!:( Really sick:/
Are you following and we aren't? Send us an @, we will fix it!
I hope you guys know that I will follow you if you just ask. ;)
I keep hearing loud booming noises outside I'm kinda getting scared
Our purpose is to work His purpose, not our own.
You just focus on getting well, k? We'll be here when you get around to it. <3 u!!
Just because i moved on doesnt mean i wont be here when you change your mind..
u cant tweet anymore
Boom! Therein lies the folly of relying solely on spell check!
Hitting the stage at 7:30 pm TONIGHT is Orange Avenue at !!
This isn't even half of my dreams.
Watching my kids grow is amazing :) can't believe my baby girl will be 3 soon and my baby boy will be 7 months old next week!!!
#AUSTREAM when austin gave me a shout out :) made my life complete !!!
I focused on exercise and staying healthy in order to get back out on the ice
Me?! RT : Guess Who's Making a Special Appearance on News4 at 11?
Ole lame ass nigga...why u mad at me?? Sucka ass nigga.
they probably are. :/
This 1 guy would let his dog shit in the halls&just leave it there.2guys kept arguin with him,telln him clean up his dog shit
:) haha you should
lol i know but i cnt keep him out my closet! He said he like the way my stuff fit better...it shows off h ...
Come into the room and watch me Whip up Sauteed Salmon w/ wine, herb butter and cream sauce. Mon at 6pm www.theroomlive.com New SINGLE CHEF
Never apologize for thinkin bigger than yourself
no sorry):
Finally getting ready for today... Still a bit psyched by that nightmare I had.
Why is Kevin Stalling's from Vandy teeth the same color as the gold in their uniforms?
oh how I want a heather vermilion milkshake
Dragon soul absorbent.
Still looking for folks #dcm13 highlights!
Fuck. Full now
Wow. The Communications Blog had the largest readership over the last couple of days since the Aug. 16 launch. Thanks for reading everyone!
ADAPT X Camp starts tonight at 7:30pm...it's not too late to register.
#inshallah everything will be okay ... n that's my personal sincere
nice shoutout in the journal!
let's go to the mall
Im in the blue and yellow of course
Was LeBron just wearing a hat that said "MVP"? Gimme a break.
Don't jump the gun. Wait until you hear "the rest of the story" :) you might like it......
Team Boobylicious Babes!!!! Visit www.komendenver.org to join my team or make a donation!!!!! Your support is much appreciated!!!! Xoxoxoxo
let's go
whoa, I missed Avril Lavigne's birthday!? For shame! ;)
My carpet smells amazing. Good night.
Angry much?
Diameter of hair: 0.1 mm
... But one of the best ways to bring big ideas into reality.
!!!!!! Lmfaooo. ": White people: "OMG I LOVE THIS SONG!" Black people: "OH HELL YEAH N*GGA THIS MY SHIT!""
Sweet Dreams Twitter #kisskiss #nakedtweet #bedtime loves you!
Today we are excited to have of join us in DC at the #cysummit for an exciting announcement!
#Facebook has more than 750 million active users, with the average user posting 90 pieces of content a month?! How much do you post?
are you still there? :)
Wait a minute, Mark Thewes - Josh McD's best friend from High School still works for the team?
i did follow him
If a guy that was about to die in the electric chair had a heart attack should they save him?
geez. I guess that makes sense though. I did get a bunch of older Preds cards (Blake and Blummer were 'hot rookies' lol)
Awww. Welcome back stateside, cuz! I wanna hear all about it!!
T1: Well professionally we are on 5 social networks. , , , (new) and
1 to 6 tonight mention this tweet and get an iced white mocha HALF OFF!
New York accents make all words 10% percent more aggressive.
any idea when you are coming back to FL? Hope that you have a Great weekend!
back in miami and already raging
Family went to Dale Hollow. I stayed home...got a haircut. They won't recognize me when they get back. :)
It's okay. I am too. Just look at it like we've lived two decades. Twenty more & we'll be 40 and 40 more...oh god..
Wilbon said " San Antonio is ( pause) god!" bout time!! Turning non believers into believers!!!
I like this ZPL that you speak of. Perhaps I'll have to give it a try...
Can you suggest any readings or resources related to the intersections of "...Art and feminism? Crafts and Librarians?"
New Philadelphia Students to participate in Law Day - New Philadelphia Times Reporter New Philadelphia Students to participate in Law Day
#RedTails was excellent, treat yourself (and a few of your friends) this weekend
Huntsman: Took flack for serving w/ Obama, but it is a tradition he was raised with.
That moment when is having a tweetspree and replies to everyone<3 .. except you ._.
Go get #aintnohalfstepn it's the truth
u ain't never lied Quest Love!
RT : Last 'what's in my UNIT' prize was IPod Touch. We have over $1,500 worth of prizes @ LeffsLuckyTown tonight! 5:30-8pm!
yeah it didn't sound too good, I listened anyway and it was great to hear you get it fixed
Thanks for the follow!
I used to also use Americana, but i'm not sure if they're still in business.
RT : WOO awesome day. Heading to for my monthly massage AND its beautiful weather out. Relaxation is priceless!! :)
Pulling in to Birmingham. Heading to practice at UAB. Excited for the opportunity to get better today!
If you're a cook or culinary student in the L.A. area and would be interested in a stage/intern/extern opportunity in June, let me know.
but what if you legitimately have money, but don't like walking around like a walking lick.
follow back
'I have great faith in this next generation that they will tie the personal to the political' Nancy Keenan on
Baders get a pair of hits in the fourth but strand runners at first and third, After 4 innings, Wisconsin 4, Michigan 4.
Yeah haha it's good
That would make us sad! :(
thats not going to feel good in the morning ...
Good morning world. Off to work
in Chicago with , &
you are hardcore! We didnt know the marathon stakes would be this high!
the pool at sxsw at the hotel.. that shit was not that cold.
We were just voted best #tshirt website of the year! We awarded it to ourselves, but hey, that still counts.
congratulations! October babies are awesome. ;)
My little pwney.
thanks for the holler :) can't wait!
your so full of wisdom! The true value of mahogany and the true value of our minds! you are like an owl! haha
It must be new biz Wednesday at Inc. A new client signed and two requests for proposals in one day!
hey whats been going on AT THE HOUSE..?
THIS --->": We need to be around people that make deposits and not just withdrawals. - #Lifeclass"
well, I have to walk in the rain so it's not too fun
#alancooper Show value by getting very focused on something very small and show improvements.
Do you have any baking buddies in Iowa to do a July wedding for my sister?
Tell me why nd i n class nd shane allen snoring in class like a big ass dog on some meds lol #GetYoAssUp,
Happy International Women's day to all of the beautiful, strong, and independent women in our lives
Back in action after incredible week and everyone: keep in touch!
After all our talk about how Die Hard is one of the best christmas movies ever I got a shot gun for christmas! Its destiny!
Yes I have.
I spin weekly what's up
*positive thoughts*
RT : Great news! Ryan Braun just stated he would match donation of $500 to the family of Officer Vrtochnick!
Don't say fuck my life say
I hope I get really tan this summerr<U+0001F601><U+2600><U+0001F49B>
I am not easily impressed at all man. At all. Your music is the best.
Good morning. Lots on my mind today...mostly about worrying about my kids and being a mom as all us moms do.
Looks like fun!
Lmfao. Someone took the diamond out of my moms wedding ring and she is P.O.'d. Wayy too funny.
Josephus Daniels~ Defeat never comes to any man until he admits it.
nuthin I'm goin to panama city not next week but the next and I was supposed to get them new js but they dont have my size
Clippers bout to lose
Another awesome day with my Leadership Miami friends. Really proud to be part of a group of such good-hearted, smart and passionate people.
If you swallow poprocks right away you can hear it in your brain
RT : The family we raise usually at some level a rebuke to the one we came from.
So Barack thinks he's gonna beat me at 'Words with Friends' too?
IF you Love, Despise, or Don't really care about PONY PRODUCTIONS then repost or retweet our last comment!!!
<<<Follow>>>> new updates of my journey of my future brand going worldwide!!
since when do you tweet all the sudden?
oh yeah bringin all the boys to the yard!!
pretty sure you're the best neighbor ever! Haha :)
music nerds unite!
Which one is better SAG or AFTRA? What would you recommend for an actor?
and Happy New Years to everyone out there celebrating!
I've heard about them a bit but honestly I don't really know much about them
RT : Gonna be at Vamp tonight to support and #ItsOn "swag"
I feel you bro. I feel you
Do not concentrate on the finger or you will miss all that heavenly glory.
Thanks for the blog post!
Wow we are busy. Thanks for the no show. Joshua
Cindy Jones-Nyland joins Heifer International as new executive VP of marketing & resource development.
is this you Lore you look beautiful
care to explain?
Have you seen the new vid?
When your gonna give someone a kiss on the cheek and both people go for the same side and almost kiss each other on the lips
Good morning everyone!
Cool! Sometimes people are pretty nice.
She is super pretty!
On the wake up!!!! Get up early to enjoy your Friday!
CANCELLED "Darby O'Gill and the Little People" Today @ 3pm
whats it like to play Sam again in 2012?
angies party with the graduating class & our favorite others (': <333.
Now skrillex im not mad at you for having an overall not very good new album. I'm just disappointed.
no. no i don't. i must never learn that horrid phrase.
My 10 minute opening argument is 20 minutes long.
Greasy hair, pale skin, stick skinny, and a sexy brother. No wonder world domination was Loki's plan
I seen that Nickelodeon is bringing back Figure It Out. Thank you for bringing back and ruining my favorite 90's show.
Overslept. Looks like ima take a day off from school.
ah, yes! What kind of music? What do you play?
Ask Dev about the story... RT I'm drinking like still takes care of me, then my bill arrives
All You People Hatin On Are being really dumb & immature like foralll what the heck did she do do you? Problly Nothing! so Stop!
Amanda Ahlstrand, US Dept of Labor: local officials may think of WIA Youth funding as complement to school system, esp. for dropouts
take out the battery and put back in :)
Trying my public transport testing again. This time to South Bay. Nope, you don't really need a car here. Just time. Lots of time.
oh...i just got home and turned it on in time for the grand slam. #GOCUBS! :)
trust I'm a goon!:)
Creative really needs to follow through to landing pages to share a cohesive message.
Angie is quite a talent!!! xo
Mutiny on the Bounty Hunter
that's rite deny the truth you know we're the better team but it's cool feb. 8 will be here soon enough
You can always order online, but if you want to see Gourme Mist in your local grocer make sure to tell their customer service!!
We had to submit birth certificates for all covered dependents last year. Seems to be a growing trend at colleges & universities.
I saw you sitting up straight while keeping the abs tense at work today.Good job burning those extra calories and working on posture!
I hate being this way ; but life gave me no choice !
got it! Email to claim your prize.
There's none near me. That's why I have to go every time I come down South!
Big job for 2012 is going to be USING Big Data. Drilling down and making it implementable.
Thank you! The Beauty Pass is great!!!
I fucking knew it!
I was planning on attending the GIS session, but I may stop in to get some more ideas. I'm presenting at 11:00.
As a Christian, sometimes dating gets difficult. But knowing God is in control and the other person is a gift is well worth it
THURSDAY! 6pm! Free Bike Ride and a Beer! Starts at the shop, ends at Von Trier!
2nd Annual Pigs in a Blanket includes an entry w/an actual pig's head & feet.
Yes i know !! How are they gonna stay in contact with their fanns !?!? Im gonna miss tweeting them ! :(
I was like "Why are you so obsessed with me"
Time to workout!! :) have an awesome morning everyone!
They have four, FOUR, rings in 12 years. The Big 3 have 1 COMBINED in 9 years. There is no argument. Now go win one for Texans! Pls
GO BLUES!!!
I remember when Elliot Smith died and everyone was all "hey what about the troops huh!?!"
The world needs more drive-in theaters
Security Tip: Use a small amount of lighting on the interior of your business after hours so that police & security can see inside.
WOW! Way to go Giants!
I just read last year 4,153,237 people got married. I don't want to start any trouble, but shouldn't that be an even number?
Just two of the etsy artists featured in our shop.
Got the experience wii game last night...omg so fun!! And what a workout lol
WHOA!!! Gorgeous & busy Cafe Momus set at
me and jayden are going on the 18th for Matthews first Bday :)
We're at the Red Stick Farmers Market this morning. Come take a picture with Huey Long!
I can't stand pumpfaking ass niggas....they make my head hurt
I'm done smoking. I swear on everything.
I'm just gonna drop a duece wherever and whenever I feel like it.
send 'em Graham.
SEO evangelist - More than one time I have taken the time to explained step by step to business owners how to improve their online marketing
dats what's up it's all legit?
Yikes! Sorry you lost your bike!
Great 1 on 1 call with The Party Godess, Marley Majcher. Excited to put it all into motion!
Airplane! Pilot
the night is your woman - and she'll set you free.
Good morning and happy Friday all!
Juice Newton
oh pfft. we're going 5. and delpo's tossing his cookies. this is NOT boding well for the argies.
RIP I miss u Momma Hicks
Mike Maddux's mustache is epic. Derek Holland's not so much.
Double xp goes on until tomorrow.
I need tickets!
Follow for a solo shout out if you did tweet me belieber
Confession ; my hand sweat really bad , for no reason at all . -____-
Far Rockaway Home sweet Home...........
The more and more I hear about how poorly lindy ruff manages players, I am even more convinced he must be fired.
Is The Color Morale doing another album...?
Yesterday's sessions should be up by the end of the day today and today's sessions should be up tomorrow, as per Susan)
Mike Maker on Hansen after #KYDerby "We didn't have the best horse...we weren't good enough."
This game is pissing me off <U+0001F621>
Hey wanted to give you Jodie's Twitter..She didn't know how to do the whole follow thing so here ya go
You're welcome! Thanks for the feature!
twitter hacked?
I used the recipe you posted, which calls for equal parts juice and rum. o_O Needs more club soda…
on for sure
Congratulations Beyonce & JayZ welcome Little Princess.
It's a pride thing. If you knock a guy out. It boosts your self esteem. Gets you helmet stickers/other rewards.
180 GWMS - 3 saved!!! Harvest time!! Thank u Lord for changing our names!
And now, I begin to learn this twitter dealie ... Yay, technology!
when you comin back to the bay
farmers markets in nj flourishing
I love multi-age programming. My daughter's school does this in class work, too. 5th graders mentor KGN students.
For whatever happened, I hope you at least get a smoothie out of the deal.That was my favorite prego treat!
Year one of grad school done. Seeing my family for REAL for the first time in a while!
you got the same minion as me!
RESPECT A WOMAN WITH A BIG PURSE JUST KNOW SHE ALWAYS PREPARED
DERBY SPECIALS 20% RED TAG SHOES THAT'S RIGHT ENTIRE STOCK OF LEVIS SHOES 20% OFF 4443 CANERUN ROAD
Hello there new friends, much love!!!! xoxo
Today in #Bway histroy: 1954 - Julie Andrews makes her Broadway debut in Sandy Wilson's The Boy Friend.
Also told me to stow my iPad for takeoff
me either. something very small and most likely on my foot. but I'm down to do it before I change my mind haha
- No problem! =) I was at the game last night, rough one. AJ pitched well though.
commercials for engineering cars during desperate housewives - interesting
Know any good jokes about Sodium? NA ;D
Tick, tock, it's a clock.
just when #BananaRepublic has a good sale they run out of what I've been waiting to buy.
Damn, 110 degrees in Independence, MO today!!! #WTF?
There is no "old Austin" or "new Austin".. Austin is still the same person. He's still the same kid we fell in love with. He just grew up.
#Orlando rentals are cranking! Let's go investors
Winners today: Faulconer, DeMaio, Frye, Lightner, Emerald, and Gloria for standing up for what they believe in.
hey! Play nice
. Combat! I like Vic Morrow. Jennifer won't usually watch military shows, but she'll watch that with me.
just shake ya rump
Newark New Media Innovation Lab: Meetup #2 Tonight. Hope to see you there. (BrickCity Coffee 6:30)
Great night hanging with my boy ray hamilton.
Who got the new twitter on their iPods? I hate it!!! #givemeback #oldtwitter!
Texas Rangers, Saints, Grizzlies, and Memphis Tigers.
On The Fone With My Bby
Fun RT : It's #ThirstyThursday Go grab some cocktails and food at in the best place t
Hey, Sheryl. The west coast is just a place to call home. I'd like to take a trip by motor-home and refresh my mind. You?
I think they ate drinking to much DD !!!!
RT : The TRUTH Is... EVERYONE Is Going To Hurt You.. You Just Got To Find The Ones Worth Suffering For. ~ BOB MARLEY
Been awake for an hour and a half and still in bed
are you coming to Indy?
www.chicagodjnetwork.com “Chicago DJ Network” is playing my music.
honestly justin deserves better friends
I miss you too babe :( congrats on your last tweet about being clean, so great!! <U+0001F49C>
I guess I'm fake. Everyones telling me I'm fake so im fake hahahahah
Just had the most painful 5 block drive of my life...MUST retire these shoes!
Likewise. I could watch this every day. lol
Yo yo at my show. And yes there's shrimp
Our goal is to create the conditions for students to build collaborative relationships to advance their plan for change
yo. Why didn't anyone tell me peezy was on TV today? I thought it was tomorrow smh #fml and he's hoopin+trending?
I talked to him once in the past two years I think. Hbu?
thank you! <13
I can scarcely believe that LAMs would be considered to have significant competitive advantages over anyone
Just had an interesting & humorous convo w/ an aspiring photog. "Very nice bokeh" sounded offensive to her until we explained what it was.
Come to Universal City Walk, this Friday at 7 PM - Finalist for #KIISFM Breakout Star for chance to perform at #WangoTango :-)
I am almost all yellow, with red thrown in for good measure.
RT - What risks are you taking to discover the life you were born to live?
Dont trash your old computer!
Struggling to find a Genius playlist I'm content with... come on apple... tighten it up
what a great time, opening for Faun Fables. Nice full house, I played well (imn-s-ho), had good sound, they were awesome as usual.
WE ASSEMBLY IKEA FURNITURE IN LESS THAN 3 HOURS. NO MATTER WHAT YOU. Bedroom & Living room, furniture
I feel very strongly that a BA should analyze business, and a UXer should design the user experience
#PRODUCTIONTIPS Mixing with Headphones: Avoiding Disaster
nahh that just meant what he was saying to them..he may be better on air than he is at coaching
Stumbling is not the same as turning in another direction
Um really Grey's!!! If they killed off McDreamy :(
#dailyfeedback Songs with percentages in the lyrics - Soul Coughing Taj Mahal
MT TONIGHT | WisEye is covering Common Cause in WI w/Sen. Larson, Rep. Richards, former SC Justice Geske and Rep. Honadel
What are you planning for #springbreak 2011???
that's great:)
I don't know a good new name that's why I went back to this one
“: What? Is it spam day on Twitter?” it's utterly ridiculous, you can't tweet anything without getting a spam DM
I love my City
no!! i want my #21back xD
Today feels like a Monday, even though it's Wednesday. Stupid training classes have be all jumbled up.
its eyes look so dead!! Freaky.
.... Denver is ready for a big mean ruff yo ass up tight end ... Let's do this Thomas !!!! The new broncos are here!!
Song of the Day: "Time Stand Still," by Rush.
debs having a bbq on the 25th do u think u can come? n i ned ideas on what i should make . any help will be great thanks !
Correction on the hashtag RT : We do all of this at Georgia Tech
What a shitty friday..
Happy #StPatty'sDay Prom Princesses! In just 1 hr we'll kick off our 2nd Prom Fair of 2012! Be sure to tweet us!
Hope everyone has a wonderful day!
Happy birthday star!!!:-)
In this season of gratitude, we are thankful for your friendship and support. May 2012 bring health and prosperity to all!
so much for that thought! Is Pats D that good or Ravens O bad? I go the latter.
The happiest people don't have the best of everything...they just make the best of everything pursuing their goals in life.
aint no love in the heart of the city.
You need to go out. Lot's of awesome restaurants in the area. Ohio and Kentucky side.
I LMFAO at people who type LMFAO and/or listen to LMFAO.
I Love You Forever Hubby.. :)
Yes sir. Amazing
thanks man;) glad you like them!
Instead of the #Bachelorette they should call it D-Bag Survivor Lol
not nearly as lucky as Big Show. Nash nearly killed him delivering the same move.
matt drills was easy as heck today.
I love the start by the #NYR but they need to keep the pressure on
I DON'T KNOW IM SO CONFUSED!!! Bc now I can follow you. I'd be upset at the difficulties, but the problem is solved.
- Too broke to fly this year! How can we add a ticket for me on Santa`s list this year.
Its our world, its just is two.
Dear Big 12, once again, Cards prove a better program than WVU, same as in football. Must have been the burning couches.
Heat down 10 that quick
Water from the drinking fountains is fucken gross!!
I cannot stand these boring as hell, Dodger announcers!!! I miss K&K!!!
Salsa Night tonight at QBar!!
#ColorMeBlack in full swing
This week's #phillyhunt question: In today's Inquirer on the Inquirer Express page, what is the first headline in the Entertainment section?
this is for me this is for you our fuerza our strength & our truth
haha yea I don't take it anywhere near a sink now
Thanks for following us !
you ain't about it i'll take you out!
Reading about teleportation and sh%t. This is straight outta sci-fi. Evidently some Chinese scientists have teleported an obj. 96 k
“: Apologies, excuses, I hate them both.”
really like Doug Collins. Seems like all class. Good man.
Really satisfying sidewalk squirt session this morning. All clean in front of my house.
My dad just found out about Aporia today. I didn't want him to listen to it but he heard it and actually likes it.
I mean, would it have killed them to write some things down for posterity?
Loving this weather!
. Welcome to twitter!
Wishing I could have been outside more today and hoping it stays nice for a run later tonight.
leaving the bar I'm in Houston when u coming to c me
Pork roll, egg and cheese is absolutely amazing right now.
Parents at Bed-Stuy's ABCD school are already lining up to protest the school's potential closing. DOE set to arrive for a meeting soon.
Eating a waffle dog at Eat the street- food truck fest Honolulu m
Who’s comin to Brews & Bites in !?
#arresteddevelopment is trending, yay! now if it were only trending as much in the real world, it might not have been cancelled.
RT : S/O to all 1,300 of my followers by the name of 'Jasmine' or 'Jazmine'-*waves*
This account is kinda boring compared to my other one..
Patrice O'Neal - many of your rants on Colin Quinn's show still makes me laugh me to this day. We will miss you you fat bastard.
retaking my physics math tomorrow. i need to take this seriously now...
Thx - Happy hunting on the last day of deer season in MD! Please do this again (we missed the start). God Bless America.
NEW SHOW Apr Sat 30 Mudhoney, Bloodloss, The Monkeywrench, Green River $25. Tell Mark you love his work!
you bet!!
“: Pacers can suck it.” did you hurt yourself jumping on the bandwagon ??
HERE WE GO @ PLAYHOUSE!!!!!
On the road again.. Thanks Donna & John for letting us invade for a bit
#futureready Hope new ed.plan grants every child virtual portfolio/1:1 Support kids as creators/college material/innovators
RT : Fantastic! MT : We are planning a Personal Digital Archiving Day. Hope to host one in the next few months.
My dog woke me up....ugh
I live 5 minutes from Stage AE should told me I woulda held your shit for you lol Im also a medium sized RA fan lol
RT critical blood shortage. Please donate if eligible or ask friends to give. One donation may help save up to 3 lives. More i ...
aww you okay?
It is Liverpool Jim's B Day today. Friday, Dec. 30 145pm Liverpool vs Newcastle United
Murderous black cat from Stephen King short story
is meeting a man on Monday about booking the "Moving On" CD release party!!!
“: Alil bored tho” same lets move around
GAMEDAY!!! Baseball hosts Western Carolina at 630 in Game 1 of the Wingate by Windham Invitational ....BIG Weekend Series!! GO FINS!
Good luck to the ladies competing in the Miss New York USA pageant this weekend!! I'll be watching it online on Sat & attending it on Sun!!
Books on human body, killer whales. Diagram of a plant cell for a 7th grade project.
I've hated them since the days of Danny Ferry.....
Remember happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely on what you think.
Well tolerated and does not make me sleepy. Works well for my seasonal allergies.
=( The concert is a month away, I have to get 25$ to go.. oh and the ride to get there and back. not looking so bright=(
HERE WE ARE!!!! 370th TWEET! LET'S CELEBRATE!! :D
Good point, I don't think you can use the survey to populate itself, but once you get going, could have weekly offset perhaps.
interested in more Poe?
What you say dosent matter anymore.
Don't change for anyone, because your choices and who you are are a stronger bond than being perfect.
N-n-n-n-new song coming soon! Sorry for the delay!
is it weird i dont want to end my screenplay cause i dont want to say goodbye to my characters?
I got the new nano in pink :) But... I'm considering trading it in for a touch.
How we (MMR) assist you: The most common benefit to the homeowner is the prevention of foreclosure because loss mitigation works to either …
How can u put yourself out there and get mad when you're called a slut?
Loving ! Glad to know you both! :-)
#IlikeObamacare because when my sister graduates from college, she doesn't have to worry about being kicked off my parent's health insurance
Nicely stated.
We hear posted the best time in the Senate in the ACLI Capital Challenge
Good Morning! A good painting to me has always been like a friend. It keeps me company, comforts and inspires. -Hedy Lamarr
I'm with you, - I can't hand over another penny to AT&T. I use my iPhone as an iPod Touch and carry a 2nd phone for Verizon.
#UHtaughtme that fire drills at 4am suck major a**.
Two on, one out... Maybe the #Brewers can at least close the gap a bit.
having an inseam shorter than the 3rd John.
All these old ladies obsess over Dr. Oz. So funny.
Asked Husb if he wanted anything special for his b-day. He said, yes, a nap! Ah, how the priorities change.
M, what's that smell? Oh, that's a turkey roasting in the oven. I just couldn't wait for turkey sandwiches.
jo no se!
you should start working on your skills. #TopChef might need some fill in sous chefs
we like seriously need to move there!
still seems like HR could stand for Human Relationships
Thanks TCM. Appreciate the post! B.A.R.
That movie is pretty darn good.
I really hate my neighbor's dog. It's woken me up too many times.
i read all those, please, what do you think i'm running over here
PerkStreet April Personal Finance Pulse: Financial Savvy is Sexy
Another big improvement this season is the costumers have figured out how to dress different body types that make everyone look fab
Anybody else having trouble with #fiverr? I'm not getting any response
Oh, let me know what you think after you've tried it.
cause its probably about you, you dumbass.
that argument me & my sister just had < < smh
You have to check out our latest breaking story about Cal Ripken. We'll have some video up on Monday as well.
I mean i have been trying to have her follow me.!
Damn. Just realized a book I picked up @ the library sale is part of a series. Guess I should stop now that I'm only on page 3, huh?
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana say what banana say
Director of Fellowship Programs Nicole Stahlmann reports on 2011-12 competition year.
<U+E312><U+E112>HAPPY BIRTHDAY <U+E112><U+E312>
Big winners in Madison were Anatevkins with 64 points. A winning team made up of essentially 1.333 people.
TFT is officially launched! Huge updates for your back office marketing tools are now live.
RT : Amazing conclusion to my blunder: They aren't charging me any crazy fee! Man what an awesome service. You...
I won't forget your generosity *in my best Godfather voice* #ImWeird :>
Damn you need tto do better
Now thinking combo pizza will never be the same.
Great, I am in the wrong apartment. That is embarrassing.
Everyone gets a big #hug today...Cuz I said so.
it's 1/2 price pizza night! mention CROSSFIT215 and receive 1/2 off your choice of our quattro formaggi, spicy ham or broccoli misti pies
I'm not religious, but if you're going to show me Jesus he must be a hot, ripped, 30 year old badboy.
If the number 2 pencil is the most popular, why is it still number 2?
I am ready to be done with the flu now.
What week will throwbacks be worn this yr? & I are thinking of using our throwback logo that week!
RIP Adam Yauch
RT : Smiles never go up in price or down in value. - Joe Moore
Congrats to Jean Dujardin on his Oscar win! He totally deserved it!
Your teeth look REALLY white.
#FF our great twitter friends
I'll stick with club soda. It's closer to booze.
Beautiful spring day in NYC! Who's going to go out there and shoot it?
do you want to go the the beach in the morning and the get lunch and ride up together? :)
yea sistah girl. I'm ready to get dowwn with my bad self!
ha! Thanks!
MG - if you ever get a chance, would love to hear your thoughts on Grouposts!
Here's to, perhaps, my last brunch...
Having some field trip fun at ! The butterflies are frisky today.
very leftist. That's your message? ,)
Dude I just wanna get home and sleep , I havent been home since yesterday and I havent sleept -.-
I'm actually gunna miss having MCAS. We had no homework, that's the saddest part <U+E411>
i need sum more followers <U+0001F614><U+0001F614><U+0001F614>
Mixed messages - social groups encourage participation in social / political / religious online, but not jobseekers nor businesses
Hey there! Welcome! Let's chat live when you have time.
Gearing up my engines for my fourth trip to beautiful Austin, Texas, and my second trip to SXSW. You, reading this: you should come on down!
Thanks! I really enjoyed reading this post too...
Thanks for noticing!
indeed give me 10 min
please hurry
Cherish your ideas and your dreams because they are the children of your soul, the plans of your ultimate accomplishments.
Event tomorrow. Prom swaggin.
You should be renamed "Common Pillock" after that move
Nope! Just need to be in the general vicinity and serving Milwaukee area brides. Just added you! :)
Okay I really need to go to bed now
Wow. Do I ever need to make that my mantra?
Thanks for coming and for the nice tweet!
Thank you Anthony. Hope you are well. Have a great Week! XOXOXO
maybe any time is too early for Faraday and electromagnetism lol!
Please Follow Me Austin I bEGG YOU EVERYDAY! Please Follow me!
Good luck in Dallas, buddy. Will miss you behind the plate this season.
Great! MT : Today the Justice Center is training Harlem faith leaders on prisoner reentry with the Interfaith Center of NY.
#BitchesTheseDays --> Act One Way Around Somebody And Another Around The Other Person =/
hahahaaa You So funny !!
- to solve problems & promote open exchange of information.
The guy at 7-11 is gonna hate me, I just pissed in his clogged toilet and almost overflowed it haha I can't help it I had to piss BAD
I've always said that 07 was the best year SC ever had and will ever have.
is helping me fuck shit up so i don't throw my phone at a wall!
You act like a snob and treat people like shit no wonder you're alone!
That was definitely a top 25 Cardinals moment. But players who get paid to be on the DL don't make the cut for top players.
I know that feel.
Prospective works for Juvenile
If i could be the girl version rapper of i would be so raw ! Lol
your on a following spree?! Omg. If you followed me that would make me the happiest girl in the world!
I'm sorry I am going to miss the event. Have a great one!
Never get it,,, cause I dont like zoom
Happy Halloween
naa, Ima come to your hood soon(: #Chris day
“: "I don't want to go to heaven. None of my friends are there."_____Oscar Wilde<U+263A>” love this one...
all i could think about was you you you
My husband is irritating me.
That's why I am pacing myself while reading the Hunger Games series. I am a little more than half-way through Catching Fire now. #OMFGLOVE!!
We have two species: Those who want lots of people to follow them. And those who want to follow lots of other people. Which are you?
don't forget the controllers... don't let him lol >>>
Have any of you seen Class of 1984 in 35? If so, I'm beyond jealous...
or Blake Collins is not ready for college.
You were in my dreams last night. And even there I was head over heels for you. Still breathless every time our eyes met.
Fletcher says he'll work with people of every party and "won't be beholden" to the left and right extremes.
I can already tell I'm not going to be seeing battleship.
Nice to see you! Que pasa?
WHEN YOU’RE EATING AND YOU SEE SOMETHING FUNNY.
Law n order svu is my shit
Everyday comes closer & closer to you leaving. <U+0001F616><U+0001F625><U+0001F623>
“: (does that link work? on a plane and can't test it, low speed internet / first world problems)”I can't get it to work!
Stop coming out the house half naked -___-'
cool stickers!!
oh we are so badass it's not even funny watch us do 360 ball up without a base :)
Read "The Monkey's Paw" yesterday then watching the Hitchcock short film today. I'm wondering which my students will prefer.
You're welcome.
nothing, what's up ?
in regards to the boy cave
Ok so the Chocolate Chip Frappicino from #StarBucks is awesome!!
I honestly really miss my bestfriend and I wish she would have never fucked me over like that because she was the best friend I ever had tbh
per Ty Rattie will not play in Game 2 tonight. But He did not suffer a concussion on yesterday's hit.
LOFL what a puss
Playing a gig tonight with at cafe 1001. There will be food, beer, pretty ladies and handsome chaps. All invited.
** 150k + ** Plus Bonus - VP of IT - Charlotte.... Enterprise IT Infrastructure experience a Must. email:
Sounds like newest wrinkle showing in #Badgers offense under OC Matt Canada this spring: 2 TBs on field at once (both M. Ball & J. White).
the worst is when you see a female wearing ed hardy.
I miss Jim! And you! We were all wondering WTF, which clearly didn't bode well.
I don't know about you guys but I have one of the coolest boyfriends on the planet.
two days left..then a week of relaxation
#FF for great info and advice on presentations
It must be spanish night at Breezeways ... smh, its wednesday ... theres no need for you to be goin this hard this late.
Sox sucked too..uggh.just finished US vs Finland earlier. Wow! Shutout.
what. Am I not good enough to txt anymore? :P
So it's a beautiful day and is having a festival and I'm working. *pout*
1,000 years from now anthropologists will be trying to decipher the strange practice of youth standing in bathroom mirrors making duck faces
Chilling some ice cold #DosEquis (I am interesting ...), watching #Ravens football and toasting my old friend ...
Our pleasure. :) :) :) Thank you for the #followback too! Talk soon!
sometimes I do depending on my mood and energy level
thanks for the follow-back, love!! Hope you like our music :)
The pregame drinking for #Buzzcation has begun
Nice! I see some good stuff from !
Any lovely ladies want to do Share 4 share?? ONly doing it for a few hours :)
if you didn't live far away I would hang with you bro. Maybe go to sports bar shoot some pool and have a few drinks:)
sad indeed..ps what agent is so important he can't use his real name? That's douchey
Hope you guys used protection! Har har.
howdy Miss Ami ma'am!
Another big name for This time it's ! is working hard!
What's wrong?
Thank you for the delicious apple pie from
Watched Terrorvision on Netflix streaming, It had Lovecraftian monsters, survivalists, lizard jerky, punks and swingers. I recommend it.
Excited to for my first Happy Hour tonight!
Thanks Keith! I also see the great things you do
pick a day (:
#L1C4 = Lose One, Cry Forever
I am so bored!! lol i think im going 2 hav a cleaning attack on my room :/ Grrrrrrrr My OCD kicks in when i clean ;)
yea it is. I may call on you to come visit or may need to see Chicago so I don't get too sucked in :)
Love is a gross exaggeration of the difference between one person and everybody else
Thomas Kinkade, popular painter, devout Christian & lover of God has died, at the age of 54. Peacefully at rest, walking alongside Christ.
It's not how good your work is, it's how well you explain it.
I'm not a pedo bitch. Wait till he hits puberty and widens out. Sexy is in the trunk of my car in a sealed bag
Man.....Steelers should be playing next.
I will use this Twitter account to make announcements about the forthcoming Neumann college -- the newest college at USC.
lets hope for the best today girls;)
Hi-ho hi-ho it's off to work I go.
Best of luck on the last three weeks!!
chillin bruh knocking did grad school out!
G'night world
well I guess you'll be doing Monday in the hallway... ;) and it was quite awkward, it was the one girlfriend who doesn't like me...
Latin...Latin active!
im a pro at back massages haha
The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity.
Woke up in a great mood till i realized im missing the carny today,oh well...
Hey, me too.
Bears finally starting to turn it on. Come on, Bears!
It may be better as a book for some of your corporate clients but it was a great read nonetheless.
Taj leading the charge! Let's maybe just do better in the second half ...
I leave twitter where it's at... On TWITTER!
yeah yo. I should be done by 430
This ain't no funky reggae party, five dollars at the door
Just got your DM. What are you looking for? I'd be happy to help you out. --Aaron
#backintheday Cartoon underwear was the shit.
Just hit inbox zero, and heading to my first ever Rosh Hashanah dinner! Happy New Year, y'all!!
griffins irish pub
finally got my #beats headphones today!!! :D they're so comfortable. Thank you!!!!
you're now embarrassing us all. I thought we had a deal that you would stop making lame public facing jokes
yup- he sure is! And he is pretty amazing at it too!
haha "I do drugs"
you get the track
#ItsAboutTimeWeLetGoOf Whatever this is.. or make something out of it
Now that my evening plans have been canceled, I guess I'll just watch another movie and knit this hat. So pretty much what I did all day.
If that's a night game we should be able to make that happen. Hey You Guuyyysss? #teamidiots 6/23
Today is our inaugural event with CA Insurance Commissioner Dave Jones. www.MiddleClassTaxpayers.org
Haha....was bout to cry listening to love drunk.! I miss nativity.!
Happy Monday! Don't let the bad weather scare you away, we have wonderful lunch specials including an Oyster Po' Boy Sandwich for $12.95!
Brother is in town. Meeting up for lunch...what a nice treat!
Homework and Talking to this kid in between :3 had a great day. but i know tomorrow will suck/:
easiest way to get glassed in sunnyside on st. patrick's day: order a bushmills.
Give your agent a hard time and you'll be looking for a new #agent in NO TIME...
I hear theres going to be a few good car ads during the Super Bowl.
Looking forward to the event! Thanks for all your hard work finding a cure for Cystic Fibrosis!
#Jing is a nice Windows alternative to
Tomorrow, our latest lunch meeting @ Goose Island! I've got a tip for our merchant processor. Will we kill it with 7 guests again? :)
The hardware store has canning supplies for all you home gardeners.
So... is we going to the movies or we going to the 99 ?
Maybe and will follow me today? You never know. I guess I will keep my fingers crossed ALL DAY LONG (:
If you think you can do a thing or that you cannot do a thing, in either case you are right
D-SLR takes some of the most surprisingly incredible video I ever seen!
that is not enough pages!
Hooray for autumn! Happy Equinox everyone!
I'd do anything for it to be summer right now. <U+2600><U+0001F3CA><U+0001F3C0>
are you in Mississippi yet?
#APtest in T-minus 4 days...
There's always gonna be an uphill battle.
is gonna slap one particular ignorant, lazy, obese, wellfare abusing, lying moron if she doesn't shape up or ship out!
that sounds like pure misery. belch. glad you got home safely. very smooth sailing on this end -- no probs at all!
*obligatory tweet about day drinking instead of that silly Broad Street Run*
Just looking at scenes from home (San Antonio) during Spurs game doesn't help the fact I miss home so much.
Heading off to #AASLH10 to present with and on our teacher collabs. Lkng fwd to historical enlightenment!
I have them electronically and can share if you want.
Thanks for the feature! Quick correction - photo is from our dig led by Dave Gadsby but the hand is archaeologist Adam Fracchia.
Asking myself what am I waiting on in life?
Low waits! Low rates! Cars ready to rock you to your destination right now!!
I really should go to sleep... *sigh* but I'd rather just lay here and pet my kitty. :)
Visit this free promotion site on my profile if you need more follows..hey follow4follow? will trade. :)
hello ladies and Gerry!
Can't even eat the cherry on top of my shake.
SATURDAY = STEAK NIGHT
A Happy Friday to all.
I'm going to ride this one out with D'Angelo tonight ...that honey mix of Brown Sugar & Voodoo. Amen.
The Text Analytics Summit has kicked off! is 1st up, giving a TA overview of the technology, solutions and market
check out our fb page for the courses on our wine dinner. Also, for v-day resos, get them now, we're almost booked!
Now I'm kind of curious how this cinematic abortion came to be.
Goodwill Industries - Big Bend, Inc.
come on... A little Bronson Pinchot from "True Romance" ?
aw. so wish with all my heart that i could go!
Happy Birthday darling!!! I'll send you a special invite to our exclusive preview party for our big launch! Rock your day!
and are sexy
Great day for a walk! Can you believe it's nearly 50 degrees in Jan.?! Stop by to see us at Lake Bluff! 1300 N. Prospect
love you!
I am doing fine =) And you?
chase will you teach me how to dougie?
Back to work tonight..let's get it in..i love my job..i love being a cook..
Take a look at your company website on your smartphone. If it doesn't look good, consider developing a simple mobile version of your site.
Just got finish eating cearl
Ah, that explains it. I did first time I was invited but never really came back. :)
80 percent of the houses sold in Pike Township are under $150,000. 20 percent are above $150,000.
Follow/unfollow bug. Don't know who I'm following anymore. Like a stalker not invested in his target.
love the new bottles! what a hoot. maybe I will stop on my way home tonight...
Just got done at the court club!! Haha with my step brother hunter!
Home from 4 hours dancing and I'm still not tired
is earning back her girl card tonight by watching "First Wives Club" and "Pretty Woman" she's never seen either! Shame!
“: "ABA is not a religion. It's something we embrace because it works"...Rob Horner, ABA:I Autism, 1/28/2012”
Anyone using have a good way to create HITS from ? A non developer way since reading the docs is like C++
I only charge $15 per beat . Plus 3 for 2 deal
on referenced the "Democrat" party. Is "ic" really that hard to say?Do Rs think they own us if they rename us?
I'm addicted to
I love u! Lmao! Plz marry me. Out kids will be smart and light skinned.
My Heart Will Go On!!
Oh ok haha yes I agree we need him. But no worries he signed with the Packers again.
I Wanna Trace My Fingers On Your Tatoos.
Never take life seriously, nobody gets out alive anyway
Negativity is born in the gap where love has been excluded.
Great game SAINTS! We luv you in ABQ NM
*tear* I want to thank not only god but Jesus for the day I followed you :')
The two of u r such perfect exampel of what a every girl could B.
If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes!!!
This weather calls for a margarita.
by "understand" do you mean stare at feeling a strange mixture of longing and happiness?
I have never even seen the movie before i wanna see it wanna come with me and my friends this weekend?? plz it would be fun <3
Basketball was fun!!.
Please follow me <333333
I wish twitter worked on my phone
Night is here again to tell me that Time is not on my side.
omg that picture for your thumb clip thing is so cute, follow me If youu like(: Avan and Victoria make a cute couple
Drake && Josh Marathon At My Place :)!
Thanks bunchies dude! :)
“: Life is choosing what you're willing to eat from the compromise buffet.”
She just did it again, without a blink!
I wanna see the dictator so badd
Thanks for playing our song!
Thank you for your kind thoughts and retweet!
Good evening Wicked Tweeters, we love the month of October. Not just the mysteriousness of Halloween,but the creativity that presents itself
We're happy to see so many members included in the Going Green issue, and more!
Thanks for following!
So true, Ben. The odds are higher on those neighborhoods ;)
Bad things happen to them also, but the good things always out weigh the bad.
How is your morning going ? RT
+1 RT : The should have a news taco trailer.
Bout to learn how to ride a dirtbike! I'm SUPER amped!!!!
I miss u like crazy
ok than tell hin 2 tweet a tweet 2 me
IM GOING TO TEEN HOOT IN 4days here I come , and yay I cant wait!!!!
Here is the person to talk to about ticket prices. Brent Thiessen:
now that everybody can have instagram........
I ate way too much food today and I should be ashamed, but no I am not.
going to lie and say they aren't? you know the funny thing is, the school will make a big deal outta this argument goin on.
The discovery of a new dish does more for human happiness than the discovery of a new star. Brillat-Savarin, Anthelme
There's more people on Facebook then there was on the planet 20 years ago
Mall with Ariana. Swag. (:
Man up anthem!
..... YOU'RE supposed to come see ME. Remember? Smh. is gonna beat you too.
good luck 2morrow. Brush the haters off. Do your thing. I'll be rooting for ya!
WE NEED TO RETHINK-RE-ENGINEER AND REDEPLOY OUR PLAN ABOUT OUR LIVES HERE AND NOW.
oh you should try one this year. They are so nice :)
Sometimes #oomf gives me no hope.
I don't know if it's the low attendance or what, but both goals seemed rather anti-climatic.
Two children from a Brooklyn Montessori school bring change they had collected to Lonnie Bunch and stop to hug the Obamas. Crowds says Aw
Another day of what do they people have in common - Pat Benatar, Jim Croce and Rod Stewart...it's their birthday today. Happy Birthday!
Disgusted at and live i have stopped auto remewal and they are still charging me i dont even have an xbox anymore!!!
I'm sorry hunn. I'm too far away right now.
omg ill gross. I see this way too much :0(
Im In The Hov Lane ...
The girl who took the Tim Tebow cardboard cutout to her senior prom probably did so because the real Tim Tebow wouldn't put out
Dear Automatic Flusher: I'm still sitting on the toilet, please refrain from squirting water all over me!
What are you doing on your day off? Don't forget to invite your friends to #partyrock Wednesday, Feb 22! Doors open at 6. Free Blue Man Tix!
I really like the new
Wat u been up to
What is your favorite music genre?
Don't forget Slash!
any body we know?
Interested to see what happens at this press conference in Brazil @ 7a today w/ Chael and Anderson. My prediction: fight is moving to Vegas.
#ThingsThatBotherMe This new Twitter layout what happened to simplicity?!?!
Grateful for another day to rise & grind. Let's write a dope story on page 117 of 366.
Smile... It confuses people
You know nothing Jon Snow
Quick Fact: The United States ranks 49th in global life expectancy but 1st in health care costs.
How do I take a break from reading papers? That's right! DRAG RACE!
I want to go to LA
So who else is in town still?
Someday I'm going to drink sangria with this woman!
Basement flooded over the weekend... pulled up carpet to try to help it dry. Might need to replace the carpet. - litfuse
#idol in 6! Nervous! Don't wanna see anybody go!
do u follow back?
Yesterday: -17 Today: Not even wearing a jacket. Flagstaff you are a strange place.
Thanks! MT Our #FF goes to these great museums!
Just because i have a #Mahomie account, it doesn't mean im not a belieber, aidanator, psanderette or any of the others. i am.
I don't feel like doing anything today, but some moves must be made
And no, we don't know where it will lead. We just know there's something much bigger than any of us here. -- Steve Jobs
Nice Sly Song!!!
Watching the MAC Championship has convinced me I don't like basketball. Watching deliberate fouling is not fun at all
SHOUT OUT FOR SHOUT OUT??!
Thanks babe. But wait, are you quoting Silent Hill?
what event?
Snug as a bug in a rug
you should walk out to our song "suffocated by the light" give it a listen please!!!!!
we're about 20 miles along the San Diego Freeway to the Convention Center, let us know if you need anything else!
Watching stepbrothers with boyfran (:
Are you curious what your house could be worth in 6 months if the market stays on the same path? 1-800-731-7041 ext. 2308
$108m on the military, $16m on education. Priorities! MT If the U.S. govt won the $540 million lotto, it would be spent in 75 min.
#DearScooterBraun NEEDS TO COME TO INDIANAPOLIS,INDIANA 4 #BELIEVE TOUR
Humble opinion: lawyers more effective sticking to law than designing efficient insurance markets
man the shit that we be fightin over so irrelevant, i dont even remember tho i was prolly hella bent.
New article about Khem Birch up at thesportsgame.blogspot.com
bad day to be a BBQ grill
His spells won't work until he turns 10 and gets his owl from Hogwarts! Isn't that the way it works?
:D That makes me a happy lady. Hope you're doing well <3
hey where you get your watch at!!
Thank god for selection Sunday and everything it stands for #wideopenfield!
but u make me laugh.
Museums continue to struggle w/engaging social media users while trying to control the message. Time to give up control?
*sniff* no more crying :') :)ILYShawty<3
we lost ZBO and was a top 4 team in the West lol. We can't lose Marc though. Rudy or ZBO are both expendable
Brain Floss: 5,000 years ago people believed worms caused tooth decay.
Nothing like replenishing the supplies, well-overdue night of chillin ahead
i thought more sleep was supposed to make you feel more rested?
Working on my album. Summer project should be done by September.
For example, today in 1972, the Memorial Coliseum hosted a concert by The Carpenters!
The Line's female singer was rude, ungrateful tonight.. She didn't listen to Jewel and didn't represent. He should have been solo
This might be a first. is live tweeting a Baltimore City Community Association meeting. pretty awesome!
4 questions to ask for transformation #3 How do we do it?
Not sure field goals will get it done. Pack needs 7's and stops.
Thanks for the follow, Amy. Hope you have a wonderful weekend!
were u at tucker last yr?
<U+2606><U+2605>Tomorrow last day of sophmore!<U+2605><U+2606>
in the store house of my creative mind are many many innovative shoe designs and all it takes is for the design world to tap into it.
I'd be happy sitting in the motherfuckin corner of the arena for the BELIEVE tour just as long as I get to hear that sexy voice of his.
lol I know just messin with ya fellas
“: First time using the butterfly pull-up during a WOD - total game-changer! Watch out Fran. #CrossFit” get some!
Mom was amused. I told her she gets two Mother's Days this year. :-)
Mauldin high '94. Mike Griffith the e-commerce guru here ... i miss all of the mauldin crew. Bugg if u out there hit me!
Thank you panelists Marney Cox, , Alan Gin, Lynn Reaser & Dan Seiver & moderator for the ED&S roundtable today
Planning to >> hiya! : Are you going to join our #REOnline chat?
the little joked out..
i wish I could go!
Okay okay I know tomarrow I will start my diet.
hey are you little Chloe!?!? :D
Just heard thunder here in Edmond
exactly but they hit me with the bible "man is the head of the house"banter.I showed respect to their beliefs but disagreed
YOOO!!! Been working my no-ass-at-all ass off. Trust me. That's not good when you're a skinny ass white dude.
A+ customer service from the Dallas CAD.
Heres another one for every win : #ROLLTRIBE !!
omgg I love this "special thing" you sent me today <3 Shaun its amazing im so proud of you
Just saw orcas on my to work. How's your commute?
just saw one of our zombies. Alexis on channel 5 Beach Body
Most beautiful city on earth... what is it? Leave us a comment below!
...and that editor feared undue exposure would mean that the farmer's wife would run after them with a carving knife...
YAY, bring an Australian! :D
Bought one of those huge pillows for dogs U see all the time a Costco, but 4 our cat. He's looking like the Hugh Hefner of cats right now.
beautiful day for the last day of the orchid fair
" Yo love is like a drug that I cant get enough of!"
Camas High alumna takes on Indian water pollution - The Columbian
Mason <3 purr
that is a great age. You should come here for one of our camps. LOL!
Nice game by Phelps..now lets score more runs and take this game
all I've got are my orange boots. Lol I know emily has some legit ones but she's probably wearing them.
Self-reflectiveness over the game design process is refreshing. Yes, we're human, we make decisions, and mistakes.
you know that crazy ass nigga would cave his chest in. Lmao
nice well keep it up maybe someday our crew will be on stage performing with you lol
ahahaha, i have to be up to get my hair done again tomorrow at 8:30 lol ;) gosh, talkin to you is amazing :)
By text? Classy.
whats up with this pots video?
COME ON BROXTON
I never have, but I know I could. Do that all the time. 1st half of 1 word, part of the next
Have two tickets to a play in NoHo and my date can't make it. Anybody want in?
I gotta #Grind money don't just fall off trees and nobody is just gonna hand it over to me
answer your phone..
I know. But at least I only need to redo one portion lol
Fun presenting to the group at the annual meeting
UI designers! Seriously are you around? email me if so
No idea how is going to survive 4am-2pm retail shift followed by 6pm-6am police shift. #christmasmiracle ?
Mention Twitter and get a slice of our Lemon Zinger Cake for $1.00 all day FRIDAY.
At Red Sox game... It's gotta be 50/50 Red Sox-Rockies fans...They already have the "Let's go Red Sox" chant going.... Only 1 pitch so far!
. Heh. Never did really get the nap. Interrupted by phone call...back at the work. Who was I kidding?
Listening to the best Elvis devotional I've ever heard, by Bruce Springsteen. I finally get it Bruce, thank you. The king, boss
Just know my beloved are gonna crush 's silly team today. And guess who will be there for round 2 tomorrow? THIS GIRL.
Working with is actually really fun. The streams add-on is phenomenal. I'll be licensing that every time.
This late and Im still waiting?
If last night indicates how Little 5 is going to be next weekend consider me a happy camper
aw yea! That's why we love you Kobe <3 ;)
and tell that thirsty trick to @ my twitter name so i kno its real lmao dat song have me rollin
I almost bought a mango the other day, but I didn't know how to eat it. Like an apple? Peel & cut? Skinless?
Swear I Hate Hoes...
Join a Recession Proof Company!! Work from home and make extra cash!
#Must follow
How in the world did Saved By the Bell make it past season two? It is like pure garbage. Just a
Ur like jordans on a saturday I gotta have u and I cant wait
JUSTIN BIEBER SUCKS ROBODICK!
I'll be 30 in July. Pretending that it's not happening sounds like a good idea to me too.
Loving my moms home cooking right now
Definitely. RT MKE needs a live music revolution.
but of course
cause I don't want it until I'm serious with someone.
why o why is my whole body sore???
When I'm frustrated in my creative work, it's usually because I've overlooked/omitted/neglected something very simple.
Thankful for the win!!
I've found I'm most efficient with 12 minute power naps. I'll leave the 20 to the cats.
but then you call it GOOD DEFENSE lol
RT : #Google has $43 billion in cash...
Got 's board, haha. He left a note too. Cute ass ~
Kimora Lee Simmons & Family Splash About in St. Barts (PHOTOS) Who said you had to spend Christmas in the snow? Kimora Lee Simmons soak
hey bill.
Tune in tonight to 's Friday Night Flava. Got some fresh new music on my mix along with rest of 106 Mastermixers!
Incredibly predictable (see ).
Don't forget: the #TTOT hashtag is your connection to the community during the week, as well.
Yeah man, it's time to defeat 7 evils exes
Last call at 1am. Aaaaannnnddd go!
White Mississippi boys with saggin' gangsta draws...???
I'm playing the CNBC Million Portfolio Challenge via
#Awake is now dead ... had potential but procedural aspect was too redundant and answers about crash hard to come by
#artservicesguild art installer David Adler busy with #abmb clients. Will u be at the fair(s)? Looking forward to any in particular?
I'm so sleepy.
#howtobehappy The less you give a fuck, the happier you will be.
let me know what you hear!
Couldn't ask for a better person than to spend my weekend with :)
MT : #GPsOSL OpenStudy offers a peer to study with, tools to enable collaborative study, and access to the best OpenEdRes online.
Austin Mahone is sexy and he knows it.
enjoy life
In my MBA program a few years ago, we generally agreed ~$4.50/gallon would be the point people would start changing habits. Will it be so?
Makin straight butta in the studio
Also, I suspect many here r allowing AHB as 'they r the ones that survive'. I've seen some ferocious bees in some yards
Got home til after 6 then had to wake up to make breakfast at 10.. Just stayed up since then lol
what are the broncos real chances of landing peyton?
Instagram worth as much as the Boston Red Sox.
IF YOU AINT AT SOUTHPAW TOMORROW THAT MEANS YOU DONT LOVE GOD...AND CHILDREN AND YOUR PROBABLY DRINK OUT OF THE TOILET LIKE YOUR UNCLE JOE
I've been w/ Verizon for almost 11 years and have never had a problem. And I'm hard to please & enjoy complaining.
Thanks for the shout out!
Stop into #firefly and sit out on our gorgeous patio overlooking historic Main St EA and have some iced coffee!
Trying to get to Denver Co. for the weekend for the Wisdom Course. Anything you contribute would help me. Cynthia
call me
End of Summer ALL WHITE PARTY happening at CRUSH this Saturday from 10pm-2pm! Music by DJ Steve Thomas - don't miss the party of the year!
Just saw a guy in a wheelchair nonchalantly rocketing down a quarter mile long hill...awesome?
Busy days, but very productive. The best part is that I'm now on vacation :-) Hope you have a good weekend, too!
Welcome to Water Street ,
yep, all 500 of us! Staying at the ladies are upstairs snoozing an will be shopping while I'm in meetings :)
working hard on my book and then hitting the audition road
Thanks so much! Glad you like the book. It's definitely one that's remained a favorite for many poeple.
I ask you a question I already know the answer to just to see if you'll lie to me.
Suddenly overcome with feeling of inadequacy: can't remember "15, 16" line in the "1, 2, buckle my shoe" sequence.
Then there's retro-acculturation, Latinos that are reconnecting w their roots and have turned from Hispanic to Latino, like me.
Giving up on the Badgers already?? RT : #Bucks are fun again
Provide positive feedback during an entire individual workout. Reinforcing growth and improvement is just as important as the reps put in.
yeah I thought about that challenge but I don't want to die from it
Happy Birthday Dad. I miss you!
15 minutes until the polls close!! vote now for our HC nominees for #homecoming queens!!!
I could beat you
right now with Seattle Alumni - Come have a glass It's #HappyHour #WAWine ^aef
Give the credit for good employment and economic news to #Romney. If he had not been attacking #Obama on jobs nothing would have been done.
Article in latest Peer Review links Equity Scorecard work w/ LEAP framework for inclusive excellence bit.ly/1zqeZq
RT What are some cool apps for the iPhone/iPod touch?
COMING SOON: An undo button, ok ok we should have though of that first time round :) No one's perfect ...
only 7 more hours of work for the week then about to go Hammah Montana
I have to do adult insurance things today...boo! I just wanna play on a slip-n-slide!
What you pay attention to, strengthens.
Now watching Fear Island w/
Not block, more like remove inappropriate pictures.
lol ! I know , I've eaten those too but i think we only had shrimp at the moment !
"The road to success is always under construction"
Heading to to set up for the #hallofhonor tonight. Looking forward to it!
Tonight in Clovis, friends and family of Kathy Lawson-Arrendondo—who is missing—will gather for a vigil, holding phones instead of candles.
nice nice .. nah tomorrow
If A. Brown can nail down the WR3 spot for PIT he may be #FantasyFootball relevant
When I try to sing Worldwide Choppers, it's ridiculous.
jamming out with my buds
thanks for the tweet, ash! Appreciate it
make it rain, baby! Make it rain!
Big thanks to our newest followers!
Look up the show on Netflix called Peek-a-Boo. No seriously. Look it up. I'll wait.
My printer has its own email address and access to the internet, which I was fine with until I caught it looking at www.kinkyinkjets.com
Well i'm freaking shaking right now xD It's cold in my house. Like an igloo. Turned on the heated blanket, have some coffee. So....G'Night<3
Free Webinars www.tdmwebacademy.com ; The best training you can get!
UMKC Libraries sends a special Happy Birthday Shout-Out to Amelia Fortner. Thanks for all your hard work and dedication!
Waiting for that Loiter Squad to come on.
They work for me as long as its not used everyday.
Off to the airport to make my triumphant return to Minnesota!
My young son asked me what happens after we die
We gonna "Hide the Liquor" tomorrow night at Cathouse
Kevin Love drops 51 against OKC. I've said for long time Love > Griffin; and it isn't close!
Spinnin Music at CopperTop in about 1 hour! Come get a drink/food and say what up after you Shred!!
Wishing my friends, family and followers a very Happy and Safe New Year!
Honored. Thanks! Or thanks again ( #sleepless memory loss)!
thx for the twitter anniversary #FF. didn't even realize it!
saturday! I'ma have my phone & $&
Trying to get my kid's band to play White Stripes, "Seven Nation Army".
Haha, I didn't see that one coming...I should have, but I didn't.
My ass cant hang i cant text 4 the next hour...ass falling a sleep while tweeting
i am the coolest 29-year-old ALIVE.
Anniv. of Robinson Crusoe - the first "realistic" fiction. A time to reflect on storytelling, and how all people respond to a good tale.
safe travels!
-.- I left my Beats headphones on all night...and I am all out of batteries
Broke 200k in #templerun #newhighscore how the hell do ppl get in the millions?!!
The same one in which that performance is described as a "great performance by an English club"
Dane County drug task force: 810 "very high quality marijuana plants" worth about $400,000 found by farmer in a town of Mazo corn field.
And that person is almost certainly Gary Bettman
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: Comment on remarks friends make. They are more likely to look at your links & recommend to others.
is one of my favorite comedians. No doubt.
So proud of
You probably aren't the only one.
Green N Brown offers eco friendly and organic products that let you make better choices for yourself, your community and the planet.......
#Pisces A slave unto there own desires and imagination, hard to resist, with eyes that show the deepest of hurtful disappointment.
awesome! I'm from the USA :) did you get a reply from Jennette?
Any chance you guys have an old school #12 Fan jersey just lying around looking for a home?
Psshh. I'll take one now (:
Currently talking to Peixoto's agent, asking the tough questions. All for you
lol they are playing the lakers
Wireless on Copley Lawn approved/ready by Spring '12, double-sided printing 5 cents/page - Kevin Murphy, Interim CIO
Insulin is a hormone that helps control blood sugar levels
RT : There are over 60,000 alumni on ... connections await the Big Orange!
I'm Tyler and I'm a sexy bike.
To bad the aren't playing on their home turf. I remember when...
I didnt mean to retweet. Just come hangout with me. We can be friends
Rehearsal was intense to tonight. Singing music aint as easy as it seems. Been rehearsing all night. I'm sore.
Just got the call, I'll be guest judging the Hot Body/Bikini contest this Friday 5-8. Come check it out!
hahaha apparently it is! Hey wanna join? :D
if the nerd population is segmented, yes. Most people respond to emotional reasoning not date
&&#35;35;show the REO Entertainment adventure continues Club Globel Cannon Drive Beverly Hills UCLA Realtor and USC at&t executive up 2 bat…
Thanks for the follow Cynthia!
I've watched that show like twice and didn't laugh at all that show is so boring
pretty sure Yankees blew it just to irritate red sox nation
Mass Effect 3: you are buggy. I'm gonna buy you though. In fact and I are buying a 2nd Xbox for co-op.
Ah I'm in there!! hahaha!! Great post!! LOVE IT
RT : Shift your diet to local. Just getting even 10% of your food locally supports your local economy.
I love you all
u always got me want'n food drop....lol....
deleted because I keep remembering more. I know too many awesome people if that's the only qualification besides occupation
idk it's like a messing up twitter day haaha lolz
Monday means awesomeness in week-speak
Unlimited texts necessary for teen parents! RT : Teens send 60 texts a day (up from 50 in 2009), according to a new Pew study.
Single-family originations should total $340 billion for the fourth quarter
Just heard a man talking to a kid "how many quarters are in a dollar? Exactly, 8." I'm concerned for our future...
Happy birthday to my leader, the man I base all my politics around, Barney Gumble!
"78% of bus. & orgs believe the value of a job candidates environmental knowledge will increase in importance as a hiring factor"...
so excited to see tomorrow.
lucky you I wish I got a follow/tweet from James
Lots of fireflies!
hey Tomorrow's instore has been postponed due to illness. We are working on a new date soon.
I know Thompson. I don't regard him highly--he and the minimalists by and large misuse archaeology.
So happy to have you in Green Bay. This is gonna be a great season!
you walked away afterwards ! -_-
#SometimesItsEasier as soon as you embrace the fact that anything worth having takes hard work, true grit and perserverence
....feeling lost hurt disrespected and confused pissed and mad and i just dont know what to do
Where the fuck is Djibouti? Has this firestorm of popular Islamic protest been staged specifically to provide a geography lesson?
Presumed Innocent is such a good movie. I really need to read the Scott Turow book.
Samba - Little Brazil at the Ramp San Francisco Fri, November 5, 5:30pm
I've been running 3 miles every other day this week. Will see how much it helps me out tonight at Kendo.
Nothing worse than a nosey ass guy...
:-) I hate seeing those "disclaimers"
If you love someone, be brave enough to tell them, otherwise, be brave enough to watch them be loved by someone else.
Happy mothers day to my beautiful mommy and all the other moms <U+0001F498><U+2728>
that's the last depressing tweet btw. i know how annoying it is to see this shit on your tl
Thanks, I think. ;) It really is such cruel irony- being the face of fried cheese curds. But it was super fun to meet you!
Alcohol ban in Manchester ahead of tonight's match
it has!!! Today has been awesome!
can't wait to get on the desk with Vitrano! Now hopefully I wake up on time:)
So, what are you #writing today?
let's just say there isn't much left and I am the only one home!
“A man who procrastinates in his choosing will inevitably have his choice made for him by circumstance.” -- Hunter S. Thompson
Thanksgiving upon us... Great time of the year to stop and reflect.... What are you thankful for?
Not true. Why do you think that?
No matter how crazy the world gets, "Livin on a Prayer" has remained the top choice for young women at the karaoke bar across the street.
yeah lol our dumbshit editor posted that.
Are you already up there?
haha i do :p and shut up!! I dont pay attention to what im typing
Ringin it in with tequila in Austin. No place else I'd rather be. Vamanos 2012
Watching a re-run of Antonio Cromartie struggling to name all of his kids is comical and sad!
sadly, yes.
Spread the word~ im following EVERYONE that tweets me #FollowMeRomo :)
And the editing begins!
Hahaha woooot. Btw I was up all Night hearing things and people talking outside at 4 a.m.
It's on right now here!
"Stupid questions get good answers."
Happy 4th of July - we are here at the shop loading up a wedding - what a fabulous day for a Wedding at the Point Defiance Park!
Online teaching shows new ways to teach face-to-face.
Today in 1915 the #Yankees put on their pinstripes for the 1st time.
Boulderfest July 24 25 26 @ 100 Alexander St South Wedge. 30 bands over 3 days and its FREE. Stop by and have a great time w us this year.
I fear change.
I need a Clear mind cause I've Been blind to Long..
hey! thanks for the follow!!
says war sucks when you loose someone fabulous..
Thanks for your support!
“: Yeah, She is "no joke". See if You can get Her to #CMChat. "Now" would be good! > ” thanks!!
Don't believe Niecey Bash son soft ass on tv crying because he getting a tattoo acting like a little girl
dirk almost got his head knocked off!
Cool Vatican Library stuff you just posted! Thanks for posting! Love the pic of manuscript in the handwriting of Aquinas!
Amazing idea Cosplay fashion with Joan Rivers! "is the princess Peach or is that Burtto?" lmao
Why is it there so much interest in limiting the #of marijuana dispensarys in the wards but no interest in doing the same for group homes?
Glad we were able to help!
black people don't play hockey.....therefore not sexy
Green Corona, Red Cornoa, Poo Corona.
It was a great event. Did you know #song1 was extended to May 20? There's still time to visit! RT Cool photo. RT
He is the truth, is a superhero
Pu-er tea can be sold in loose leaf or compressed form. We hand-roll our Pu-er tea into balls that can be easily brewed about 20-30 times!
NFL lockout over?
Best Hair Care Solution For Falling Hair With Haricarelover
This "Home of Tomorrow-The Moon" illustration is kicking my rear end. I may have to split it up into two separate illustrations.
The clapping/not clapping, standing/not standing pomp & circumstance aspect of the State of the Union is fascinating.
then isn't that good?
I just spent a minute trying to wrap my mind around fact that the latest culture-war issue is, of all things, contraception. It hurt.
Yep! I have the Google doc & will be sharing today!
Then you're probably 8 years old. " : what if I have an extreme addiction to Slurpees?"
I will attend the Mobile Track at Computers in Libraries #CIL11 3/23/11 to learn about big trends in mobile tech
welcome Rhonda Christensen to Tweeter!! We give thanks to the new iPhone! Pass the jellied cranberry sauce!
Haha no! I'll explain how it all works another time!
#Celtics finally the celtics are catching up!
I do! Big ups!
"For the past 3 years, email newsletters and alerts have been the number 1 source of information for hill staff, esp. morning"
malibu and soda = drink of the summer like coconuts in muh mouth
Stop eating your cereal off the table. Keep it in the bowl.
Crazy ish going down at 46th & Fremont: at least 4 cop cars, two cuffed guys, one violently yanked from cop car onto asphalt as I passed
C'mon man!
Texas multiple mamas? If they wanted a hit show all they needed was this NJ twin mama ...
thank you! Remember pain can open the door to peace and compassion. For ourselves and especially for others. Rock on!
Somebody's acting out tonight...but ya see I know how to handle you...<U+0001F60F><U+0001F60F>
Hahahaha I have green eyes.... :) LOL.
Jimmy Howard has allowed 2 goals on 7 shots now today. USA's Save Percentage for the tournament has to be in the bottom half now.
same goes with me! I'm not always with him.. I'm always at work is what it is!
Let's DO THIS #Brewers!!!!!! #FINISHem!!!
Omg! Michael Weatherly on #TheTalk is hilarious!
none of my hw will ever get finished if I was still working out here with that ho bag in Monterey.
My Dad would berate me, and rightly so, if I kicked a club like Tiger just did. Grow up.
Saw a police officer today using what looked like an iPhone to record the testimonial of the person he'd pulled over on the highway.
follow me io follow me how does that sound to you
It's almost noon! Time for Paula Time!
Still working and talking to our candidates about the amazing jobs we have at TRAVAIL Newark. Busy - busy - busy!
Mirena I don't use that
Retweet if u got some bomb ass pussy n u know it
HE TELLS ME HE HAS NOTHIGN TO HIDE AND YET HE CHANGES HIS PASSWORD
#HackingEdu is underway! Thanks to our sponsors for their support of Four Peaks Month.
No one is superior or special in the eyes of God.
Whenever we are at the same place we will kick it.
BIG few weeks coming up. Working on music.
tweeting .. Is 2012 really coming?
yeah.. not a big baseball fan but movie was well worth it.. here's what happens at the end......(ah never mind!)
good morning!
I ate from the food truck at the #InnerHarbor #DowntownBaltimore today, it was so good! I will be back!
It's the joomla way! Booze & community I'm self medicating.
So close to our next Facebook drawing, I can feel it! Only 11 more fans needed before we raffle off an upgrade to Version 9.1!...
The Rock Show comes on right when we get off the phone. >>>
Stupid butt lips. Are they trying to be Bing or something?
#Redskins #NFL #Facebook Follow us on facebook www.facebook.com/redskinfans
Great #PR resolutions from 5 Resolutions for #2012 for PR and Social Media via
How many chocolate eggs can a 2 year old fit in her mouth?
Insted of you calling my phone or texing me, You fucking tweet me
Only one more Monday left this year!!
- Roses are on their way! See you in June!
I know right :D
Back to the dr today. Sttupid sist!
hello there my friend!
omg! Thanks for the follow! Means a lot! I would also love it if u could ask ur amazing wife to follow me as well!!
Distributing Sealogix Fish Oil makes good business sense. www.5StarFishOil.com
when you call me baby that's when I stop texting you.
Historic Anacostia is rocking!
Curious. Does anyone know whose opening for A$AP now that LEP are off the bill? Or are they back on?
FRI Entree Special:Prosciutto Wrapped Irish Salmon on a Bed of Sweet Corn, Fingerling Potato & Wild Mushrooms w/a Smoked Tomato Butter Sauce
Have a marvelous day girls:) xo
depressed enough to listen to coldplay dot com
I hate people who say, "Of course you can trust me with anything, I wont tell anyone" ...and then end up telling what you said to the world.
Speaking in French. c:
wow! What's wrong friend! U illn!
And honestly...if you weren't at the conference...or the Showcases...you missed out. Big time.
When are you coming to florida?? I LOVE YOU! Your my idol! I got people to buy #alltherage :D i listen to it everyday. Its addicting lol
Can't dispute that turnover!
I missed the opossum - man we hunt everything in this state
I've been waiting about forever for some new MS. Maybe a U.S. Tour soon?
if only I could tell you what I REALLY think..
"The best way to prepare for life is to begin to live." ~Elbert Hubbard
Welcome To Fantasy Island (that's in my best Mr. Rork impression)
Emoji - ing with <U+263A>
X'in my next class
Star Mentors engages Jennifer Milan who has 1# I-tunes upload positon in Italy- She is burning up the charts - www.digistarmgt.com
Looking forward to the Army-Navy game!!! See you all there.
okay sweet! oh and i still say make a video for postcards... :)
Happy Birthday Ellen!! Do you have a special birthday dance?
Caradine on Mental tonight, they didnt make any mention of his death. No respect at all...
Its hard to believe this.
Please god let today be a good day :)
Wen you stop givin a fuck....... Your so much happier... So fuckin tru;) ...good morning
I'm didn't want to do it, because I'm really happy, and didn't have a question I needed to ask. So just asked, "What do I need to know?"
Watching clint #dempsey and the cottagers take on chelsea in the west London Derby!
listening to 1D while trying to finish a history project at 4 a.m.
Madison Microwave is heating up in big time fashion.
Dear Big Time Rush I already didn't like that your name was like theirs but then you have to fucking steal 's song?! FUCK YOU!
Tosa Fire responding to Car vs Tree. 2200 block of Wauwatosa
our CEO, latest Mashable post features you and your help to on.mash.to/qHS7pm
Posting signs for sister's lost dog. Have you seen him? Black cockapoo. White patch on chest. Last seen in Englewood, CO area on 9/30.
Good morning Twitter!
Thanks for the shout out!
god i want a grammy
Back to School: Free hair cuts today for school kids between 2-6 p.m at Main Event barber shop on 1701 FM 1960
done with class :) home to do homework and eat yummy food!! Staaaaarrrving. This will be my first real meal since like New Years Eve.
When will it be on I-tunes Jon? keep up the great work!
Who's coming to #EarthFest this weekend? The Spin Doctors, Third Eye Blind, Eve 6 and Switchfoot will be there. Will you?
Spent 12 hours leading an intensive f2f class this weekend, envisioning how much better it could have been online.
Which ACC team are you speaking of? How is Syracuse being challenged? They have been top 10 all year long.
Almost done packing .....
my potna says shes back at the T but i havent seen her around yet....
Thanks Robert. Hope you guys are well and business is good!
IF MOS WANTED CREW DOESN'T WIN ABDC, I WILL COMMIT.
Driving back to Seattle after spending time w/ family honoring my cousin Ray. I am very fortunate to have such a loving, caring family.
Class today oh well #not kool
: really? i love her!
so I'm braiding my hair right now & it's totally reminding me of you which is kinda weird... Haha.
CHILLING WITH MY BOO
fat ass but with a ph not a 10 but a defiant 8
uplifting fact of the day: one in five divorces are blamed on remyboy
that awkward moment when you realize he IS your ex-boyfriend! (and he's suddenly "realized" he's str8!?)
umm does it require me giving you me password If it does no thanks.
Ok guess who I had this Convo with?Ugh I don't feel good Me:Oh hey theres Christian Person:ooohh I feel better looking at that
We'd like to thank everyone who made our #EC experience awesome: The #EC staff and attendees . . .
Sending my first phone tweet
new patagonia source codes out today. Go bug whoever is collecting your email.
Shipleys and Boy meets world
what were the pants you guys were wearing for the chicago meet and greet 2nd day?
Looking forward to Michael Kazin's talk on Wednesday night!
Native Stock Pictures is available to photograph within any American Indian tribal community. We have lots of connections.
...walking up to people discussing the characters on a TV show and saying, "Those people aren't real! How can you discuss this?"
If you can move 3 emotions in one video, you're a genius. - Tim Street
For shame!
Most marketers and agencies don’t focus enough on the principal method a brand is presented to the marketplace…via the company’s employees.
i am going to commit suicide if doesnt follow me!
disregard my last status update..I will be spinning TOMORROW, and only tomorrow this week at BRINK ORLANDO! Hope to see you all out...
don't open the door unless you want to feel the rush of the
2012 You have to be committed to an issue to run...What are you passionate about? w/
Sometimes it is very hard to choose which of the ten amazing coffee shops in my neighborhood to go to. Oh the difficult life I lead.
if you've never visited india, this would be the time to make the trip ;)
Let's add Montreal to that list too.
Everyone seems to be doing stuff tonight, but I have no plans. Wtf
how many cuzins u got in the nfl now?
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them? Abraham Lincoln
Maybe he was hungry? What kind of restaurant was it?
What the Chicago Bears value most in the NFL Draft
Boyfriend video was amazing ! (: can't wait for #Believe to come out
"Use your "real-eyes," to "realize" the "real-lies."
For everything you have missed, you have gained something else and for everything you gain, you lose something.
Happy Friday the 13th! Don't go camping near any infamous lakes. And avoid anyone wearing a hockey mask or carrying a machete.
what game?
dj Cyn spinnin at Cecilia's Sunday funday come hang out with us!!
Please do that.
m hm
- how'd he get your number?! And how'd he not know better?!
Thanks. I will have some artists soon. I'm doing a biweekly video on 30 artists under 30. Please send people to me if possible
Burn bans- #Centennial, #Golden,
when someone talks shit about you then lies to your face saying it wasnt
Jim Ripp tonight 8pm, make your request all night!
hi koala
Hahah, I read this and was like, OMG. Is Rachel pregnant?! But then I read on. (;
An outer layer of fur is waterproof & an inner layer keeps them warm, flattened tails act as rudders & webbed feet help steer!
Agreed. Somehow your first tweet brought to mind the horrible example of the Challenger, which is why I mentioned risk/cost
I can't imagine what would be worse... hydrochloric acid to the eye... or a chelsea bayern CL final...
Just saw American Reunion and Titanic <3
it's mine I spend it
Damn. That HATEFUL Bishop Harry Jackson has really got me fired up tonight! Breathe in. Breathe out. Repeat. Have a mocha. Okay. Better
I like it that you're indirect. And send nuances they can't detect.
Crazy how one thing someone does can put me in a bad mood just like that.
It was like salsa dancing. She has the guts to do that in a full-packed auditorium though. Props to her!
#lsuau LSU defense holds the war chickens to a fg despite giving many gifts from penalties. LSU 7 AU 3
You're welcome!
Fighting Illini are Fighting Irrelevancy. Groce hire is new low in Illini athletics.
Enjoying the album. When do the #SPF ticket giveaways start ?
These men are wolves
I'm tickled to have new Dunkin' Donuts in the area!! Welcome :+D RT : TOP SECRET: Check out
awee! That's sweet! I used to love my Britney dolls! :)
Intimately, the submit is definitely the very best on this precious topic.
Well, I still blog about my cycling stuff, among other things.
just dawned on me; all these years I've been writing songs and I've never had to use a rhyming dictionary! go me! but really whats the hype?
would be interested in hearing your thoughts!
Hell ya!
sadly, it seems like that always works.
RT : watch'n do his thing wit n
I can relate to the lack of sleep. It makes for a long day :(. Hope your day goes well otherwise :)
are we going to have pay attention in class next year?? <U+0001F622>
NC State needs to pull this out for my pools sake...
Must not be averse to soap. RT : Anybody have a really ridiculous looking trophy we can use for the next #followfriday?
Thanks! Super stoked!
Masseuse in Eden Prairie, Minn claims that Favre sent her innuendo-laden text messages last September.
Thats awesome! I need to pray more to the Twitter Gods. Great job with the site. Lets try to collaborate on some projects.
aww that's good to hear :')
Glad you're here! RT : Learning a ton and meeting great people in #healthcare space at matchpoint Boston
but I'm not ground.. but I brought my extra casing for your phone!
what's wrong with me :-(
Seriously one of the realist dudes on here. I #Salute my dude
hm. Why don't you send me a copy of this recalcitrant doc? I'll take a look
#ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina The Vagina Network.. Follow me
Dirty Dancing, duh!
I must finish Lord of the Flies tonight.
Someone nbox me!!:)
Yo working on this joint rite now for dj dj, all i gotta say is MURDA blackcaesar
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways be the bigger person in the relationship and make things right <U+0001F44C><U+0001F60D>
Saw #contagion last night. If you like #apocalypse stories you won't mind it. But it was a bit heavy on the cliches.
My roommate's suddenly live-in girlfriend uses far too much garlic when cooking. My eyes are watering...from my bedroom
happily broken :)
I know just can't remember her name the one that would always go to our games
"LOL Am I the only one who found this hilarious? "How does Lady Gaga like her meat?" "Raw raw raw raw raw!"
Looking at twitter timeline is like watching
Live Laugh Love .
Huffington Post isn't credible lol -- they're a blog -- I'd go with an actual news place reporting on it maybe.
Thanks for the retweet!
#Brewers dominating! Save some of that stuff of tomorrow when I go with my school!
How do you write a scope and content note for 18.5 mil emails? Love that I'm thinking about it. NARA training has gotten much better.
Thibs should put Scal in to get the crowd going & add some energy.
Thanks for stopping in yesterday. Extra whipped cream on an iced mocha sounds dreamy! Hope to see you again soon.
and you will like seeing dick valentine perform his own stunts.
I just lowered my book to $2.99 on Kindle. Let me know how it works out for you.
I hat when people tweet what they're doing every second of the day... Like, I don't need to know how long ur poop was...
u seem like a realy cool mahomie
Just won 2 free tickets to thanks to ! SO EXCITED! 4DAYS!
What time is 4pm est in england O.o
I urge you, first of all, to pray for all people. Ask God to help them; intercede on their behalf, and give thanks for them. 1 Timothy 2:1
Massive crew of all nighterers right now and a few others
Can't wait for December!
Right back at ya. Keep up the great work!
RT : Positive and negative are directions. Which direction do you choose?
Well-put. And as long as people believe the "Every game matters" lie, it's not going anywhere.
It's funny that I have to go to Encino for #IHOP and #Benihana. Also, Happy Holidays! :)
Imagine having as your English teacher... I'd pay so much more attention in class.
Can u please follow me? (:
so gonna videotape me drinking vodka in the guys restroom at walmart haha
not yet. Hoping to do one of the NYC locations soon. Good luck w Indigo. Isn't for everyone, but I loved the size, styling & charm.
Also having a drawing I went back to drawing and I was really good was very bizarre
Thanks for the follow! Would love to help spread your influence.
Dime as in ten cents, My rhyme is intense tense,Whether present or past,I pass you in a bubble eye lens Benz...dope ass wordplay
Going swimming
Think about how much you are going to know.
"collecting and preserving the Internet" -- this is the one I came for. Internet librarians FTW.
........it was storming so badly!!! Are you like, in a different state or something?!
Haha, hey send me that picture of me with them to me.
Had a fun time picking cigarettes out of my yard thanks everyone <U+E421>
CAN'T WAIT GIRL! You are my
Mc'd deluxe breakfast on point!! :-)
Just watched Practical Magic with -forgot how good this one was- soundtrack is one of the best..Mostly Stevie Nicks..love
all i want for Christmas is you <3
Did you know: all pet sessions with Castle in the Air include a donation to the Society? It's true. We love our fur babies, too!
Straight up ShoutOut to !!!!
fuck everybody that goes to IUPUI.
I'm still not drunk. Houston we have a problem.
I cant stand this bitch...
St. Patty's Day Google search: "corned beef and cabbage dinner" + your zip code. Works well in Chicago.
Folk-Rock singer Kris Orlowski is this weeks concert in Elizabeth Park, Thursday evening 6-8pm.
I'm late to this convo but if you're getting back into the game you should definitely check us out.
Page Fencing expands nationwide with HubSpot
I will be avoiding twitter for the whole A's/Giants series. I don't want to see the tweets. Mostly coming from A's fans.
#Republicans crying #classwarfare" is like the the giant bully on the playground crying when the poor picked on kid finally fights back.
i got this fart machine!!!! omg!! beware peoples!!! >:D
sounds fancy pants
Oh, baby girl. xo
Noo you live & learn and won't make that mistake again !
wish I had kept this as a printed out hard copy...*RIP* And hopefully the PO will not suffer same :(
lol scream isn't suppose to be scary, it's suppose to be Funny :)
Nice day outside, major cold front on the way! I must admit I am looking forward to it!
just want you to know that you've tweeted 64,000 times. Chill out maybe?
Kick off at 6:26 come save your seat!'
A bit tired today but so much to do. Maybe lunch will help!
#nationalbestfriendday hey where you at <3
Seems to be what I am doing right now in a big way.
#Valdez is batting in spot #1 for
I got a pea hehehe lol
Happy New Year to our fav twitter followers!
I have been doing good. Not online much at all these days. Kind of miss it but kind of don't. School still?
You have my vote!
let's hang out right now!
Portrait of Tracy
Getting ready to head back to Tisch for my final performance in the 5th Floor Theater at 111 Second Ave! These 3 years have FLOWN! :)
Surround yourself with progress!
#somefactsaboutme i am a HUGE LAKERS FAN and KB24 FAN!!!!
Don't do it.. PLEASE don't do it...dont eat a biscuit or a wing just please don't do it!! Lol
Want to send a big thank you to all the patrons who supported Vintage Reggae Winter Fest
Kesha is acting like a CHILD?! Tami really said that?! I can't with these bitches.
My heart is racing so fast I don't like this feeling
yeah . :/ Ugh tomorrow is gonna suck.
I wanna go to Italy and Dubai and Greece next week!! Seriously, no more DC!!!
ah oddly mine doesn't either as much as I would like it too.
Afternoon lovelies! Had a lovely allergic reaction last night. I hope you're all well.
Thanks for the RT, you sweet thing, you!!
wwwaaatt?? never me its always your fault.
I Havent Tlked To You Since Then.. & I Feel Like I Cnt Do This ..
drink it first, don't waste all that delicious
All this time I was under the impression WTF meant "well that's fine." It all seems to make more sense now.
true. But I was thinking more from the general Zodiac signs & how/if it corresponds with personality types.
I'm asking him out for you soon!!!!
Today I consumed: x2, $5 worth of Fro-yo, A pizza and a Gyro with fries....not good.
Don't hate the player, hate the game!
what are these tacos you speak of and where are they?
So, give me the cliff notes version on Tropeano's arsenal... [There was of course a 'please' in that request...].
Just took the bus. Alone. For the first time. are you proud? Bring on
With all the junk on the news, it's nice to see heroes like the Newark Mayor.
I might pee my pants!!!
I've been watching folks use it expressively and often for the past few weeks. It's a great little app!
“Children in the dark make accidents, but accidents in the dark make children.”
#musetech is interpretive solution, need not replace objects. McLean Cty Museum sees tech as helping reach more diverse aud
It's amazing how looming deadlines focus the mind. (Things I learned from my former life as a journalist, part eleventy.)
The Works moving to 107.3 on the FM dial in a matter of minutes. Same music, on-air staff, etc. The only thing changing is the frequency!
Sometimes I just sit on my couch and sob thinking about how much I miss Lisa 'Left Eye' Lopez.
That guy who always has to bring in the scenarios that you can't quite validate yet just to piss you off.
first a stabbing,now a child is missing?! SOCIETY IS CRUEL. like seriously? its christmas.
Had a very interesting bday , but overall I loved it!!
omg I forgot about philosophy ?!?!? Oh noes lol its looking like im just going to wing it
Got this new Evo HTC 4g from sprint ...and I got my daughter one too....this phone is Ok UNBELIEVABLE!!!
#MyWorstFears are alligators and having to sit in the front row at the movies. Both are the reasons why I pre-order tickets to any event.
LOLOL. we just kiddin i swear.~
Today is turning into another 10+ hour day... deep breath... I love what I do, I love what I do, I love what I do...
Check it out orioles and red soxx now that's a baseball game brother
hell yeah i'm gonna get my party on tomorrow
: I'm at 10:45 today and presenting on the TV show Dollhouse and it's "failed feminisms."
The New Website is LIVE!!! Check it out: www.21daypurificationprogram.com And...I'd love to know your thoughts on it...
I didn't know the NFL also had a "Big Baby" Davis?? Nice tears Vernon! Go 9ers!
WhentheRaincleared,Key peered anxiously2see if the FLAGwas still flying.And so he scribbled the1st lines of his poem:“Oh say can you see..?”
Oh I believe bad-dressed 20 somethings exist in Manhattan... I just don't need to watch them on TV.
I propose that all of us stop using our cars and trucks so that we can start using horses. I hope that hay is much cheaper than gasoline.
I'm pretty sure buns give me nightmares
The fat blond on #Smash is insufferable.
Bummed that, Michigan's own Tony Lucca () didn't win The Voice. That Jermaine cat was good, though. Congrats to him!
would you charge 3.99 for gas and have 2 cars there or 3.69 for gas and have 19 cars waiting there. I am 1 of the 19 cars waiting in line.
Shooting promo video today! Should be fun and hopefully I get to taste test some of the food after!
Tomorrow night on MPR and Sunday at 9 on
ur not it's fine
His only fault is that he has no fault.
Government is like a baby. An alimentary canal with a big appetite at one end and no sense of responsibility at the other.-Ronald Reagan
..6th Sunday after Easter It's a beautiful Mother's Day! #Wisconsin ~No one has greater love than for one's friends. Thank You!
Superbowl Sunday! who you thinks going to win?
BIG thanks to our friends for coming out to our school and performing and sharing their message with us! We had a great time!
": God is talking to all of us, all the time. The question is not, To whom does God talk? The question is, Who listens?"
aww thanks for the compliment, but no ones perfect. not even me.
Somehow the boy managed to fall asleep in the middle of all this.
Jason's Deli's spicy seafood gumbo is delicious<U+0001F44D><U+0001F44D><U+0001F44D>
can't wait for this season !! Looking forward to seeing all the special effects and character make-up :)))
On SpringBreak and lovin it! :D
Acutally excited to visit tomorrow. This back pain has GOT TO STOP! Help me #IOH!
its so bizarre and stupid, deleted my account the other day with no explanation and won't answer my emails
i will think about it
The Bet awards are going Great....
>>>> Ya'll are all crazy:)! LOL But ya'll are my boys:)!
Ahh, Peace Orchestra, long time no see! I know, it's been more than 10 years. I am old now.
Boat is out of commission boys. Was supposed to have been sold by now but dude failed to come through..
Just got my 1st ticket too..in a long time. 73 in a 45. Sucked 4 about 10 minutes, but not going to let that cop ruin the day.
I was going to come (again) tonight... I may have to wait till next week!
Trying to get back into Twitter. Let's see how this goes...
Mega merger Sweet deal Dcs Hughes Gm underwrite sky rockets sattelite division Virginia Commomwealth Chess game Pascal
It's exciting to see Tweeps getting pumped up on eating plants. Once you go Green you never go back!
ooh sounds awesome :D and well, just got up xD
Grand Opening this week = clearance priced Greek apparel! Stop by today!!
#Bruins go up 3-2 early in the 3rd period!!!
im at the right nowww!
Whwn is the last time four inches of snow crippled our city
being a 19th century kinda guy working in the 20th century is a challenge...but 1976 lets me do both...love history and memory!
Why are they called "non-stop" flights? Don't you want your flight to eventually stop at your destination?? #deepthought <U+2708><U+2708><U+2708><U+2708>
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) -- Gov. Mark Dayton has signed a bill to build a nearly $1 billion stadium for the Minnesota Vikings.
I don't know yet
well there went an hour and a half my employer will never get back
was our 100th follower! Thanks man!
You are tireless! Hope MSNBC know your worth :) RT : We're live at midnight eastern on MSNBC, a whole new show!
god damn it :\ I've been texting you like crazy, haha >.< And I thought you needed to know. haha
feeling the love! on Sunday should be great :)
I wish you did too! Thanks for helping spread the word!
you're too kind my dude
where you work at now?
No!!!! GTFOH with that shit!!! This was not my fuckin idea to come home for the week!! We ain't even do shit on mothers day, not even church
No you're not the only one, just to make you feel better its have of the world having problems with this :-/
Working next door to a LatteLand every day is going to require a "depth charge" line item on the budget spreadsheet.
BOTH please! LOL..... Be safe out there Milwaukee & know your limit. Don't drink and drive! Luv & Peace from Mocha Couture
House music is the answer! At One Night Only SF!
Did you call Foursquare?
Big shout out to my big bro Wayne Brady who KILLED The View this morn. If you have kids pick up his new CD "Radio Wayne" out today.
Awkwardly watching people bowl seriously... with the gutters up.
Effed up the muscle in my neck. Lovely. Gonna make for a long day at work tomorrow.
No, sir. Everything went well.
there will be a day where you will tweet me back (;
": two bitches unfollowed me. Ima find out right now who it was." Lol yo ass is funny
Safe travels - see you soon!
Congratulations to & for receiving the National Medal for Museum and Library Service!
Ain't watched LMN in a good lil grip though .
....but then I remember that I'm having lunch with and it makes it all better.
Acoustic show TONIGHT at w/ && more! Music starts @ 7:30
I think you should follow me? (:
Aw, thanks! :) If you could, leave a comment on 's Youtube video about that. I appreciate the love! :)
Nothing to do till wednesday... Hm ok roys
Loving the run so far sir. Keep up the solid work! What are we calling the Baldo Bomb/Derailer this time around?
if this
OMG! I'm in Slytherin! It's my love for Silver and Black that got me here!
I still turn to u
Long lines at ! Fraps are the drink of choice today.
The Wiz is on and didn't tell me! For shame! RIP Ted Ross, Nipsey Russell, Richard Pryor & Michael Jackson!
Copying the score to prep for the start of rehearsals on Tuesday!
What is the difference between Jesus and a zombie? (insert your punchline)
a diet coke and cup 'o coffee in and its only 8:50am.
Trying to watch commercials and television shows keep getting in the way..
so true. Haha
Wow. Courage.
Holy crap. Invasive, indeed ...
is it sad that writing a paper that provides actual, interesting criticism and research makes getting a phd in english not totally crazy????
Single looking to settle....had my fun for a year
Is waiting for chick fil a.
I never wanna mean something, If that means I'm nothing to you.
I've said it 1000x before but I'll say it again, I really hate Beverly Hills.
Shout out to for being the 400th person that follows. Is it bad that he is our podcaster, and we didnt follow him?
lol I do not ! “: noticing that looks a lot like demi lovato :O <3”
Thank you, I will check it out.
I have always wanted to talk to in real life that's y I wanted to FaceTime
Can you send him my name? please I have been dying for one of them to follow me
Will you be able to use public transit to get to the new job? If so, I recommend. It's nice letting someone else drive.
okay, thank you.
there are sober kids all around the world. Be greatful!
appreciate that fam
hahaha the icons are on a rampage 2012 nothing and no one is safe
aha aw thank u!
Had to give up my jacket for an insulator to block the sound on the fire alarm.
I just heard this, "Damn it's wetter outside than the last bitch I fucked." What a prick -.-
When I feel frustrated, I take a break. My actions serve me best when my energy is lined up with what I want.
#ThingsIDidOverTheSummer Went to Florida to go sky diving
toe cramp!!
“ Cutler Beckett: “You’re mad.” | Jack Sparrow: “Thank goodness for that, because if I wasn’t, this’d probably never work.””
Thanks for following!
A writer uses a pen instead of a scalpel or blow torch.
Human ribs? Ewwww.
Doubront looks to be a very good addition to the starting rotation. Like today's score. Too bad #RedSox couldn't do that yesterday!
Last night before bed: gave feedback on a student's infographic; finalized rubric for this morning's oral reports.
Great to see how well you're doing without me.
Hey Twitter! Fit City MKE is ONLY days away from going LIVE - www.fitcitymke.com, Forward.Innovative.Thinking/Training/Teamwork.
#Expert Search Processed: #Residential #Mortgage #Litigation - Qualified to Purchase - #IL - (Contact re: Mortgage)
That scene in An Officer and a Gentleman where Richard Gere sweeps Debra Winger off her feet in the factory? Yeah, just happened. *sniff*
Anakin450 made my new pic (I help)
Heading in to UC Berkeley from SF to EECS to judge last nights's student hackathon!
Miami won!
Is there a way for me to get beer out of this?
Omg thats a chick!?! I thought that was a dude. Jesus Christ. What has this world came to!?! Since when does girls get a buzz cut!?!
Make sure to give us a call if you are having a Fall Festival next month. We are booking up fast!
didn't a rod hit a HR earlier
All new music send to
Medical Marijuana for Metastatic Breast Cancer Patient; Long Beach Medical Marijuana Doctor /www.mcsocal.com/blog
Did anyone else hear on tonight's episode of ? Way to go Britt!!
When you wanna make things right...you always loose -.-
have fun in aus. are u friends w/ lee seon hwa? is she feeling? playing? thanks & good luck.
Thanks for the RT :)
Looking forward to the and after party tonight
Hunger Games just put a bunch of relatively unknowns on the Hollywood map. Will be entertaining to see how they each handle the success?
she likes ours
The first of the "Love in Any Language" heart products are now available in the shop!
let's rock this club tonight my way
lmao. Okay. Haha . Considering i might not even go to school today
I hope you have a Happy New Year so there is no more need for tears. Love the profile pic.
Sir Charles and Kenny the Jet as co-hosts
hahaha too funny
I just finished a 1.85 mi run with a time of 15:35 with Nike+ GPS.
you better get a bus pass tomorrow. Or i will kill you , forreeeeeal. #whyamifriendswiththiswhore ?
Needless to say, I fell even more in love with her
North Korea says about 30 people died in flooding due to heavy rains late last month.
Fuck off, yeah?
Chris Rock from Columbus, OH is leaving TTUN. More room for playmakers hahahaha
....are you going to be at Zia Records in LV before the show???
Is back again at WSCC/UWS for the final day of the symposium. Today's topic? #Kinesiotaping and #chiropractic. #Yes!
Happy Valentine's Day Everybody
Great to meet you on set today - Hope you had a great birthday:)
Watched a documentary on World Class last night. Soon as I get outta bed I'm gonna have to pour a little o my 40 out for the Von Erich boys.
your welcome
#rocked the only way to respond to a girl who corrects you on her name
haha yeahh and Louis is a little to old :/
same here, bout to get out of bed and go apply. I'll get there around 11:00.
Bagels with cream cheese and orange juice :D yummy.
At #KimColes B-day Celebration. A night of comedy where I'm not the one on stage (nice-n-relaxin'). Ah
That #awkwardmoment when you're in the movie theater and a scary part comes up and you're the only one who screams. haha
I should be bad
and now I love him.
also, i love the god damn swedes.
tell me what u want and nothing more
And you, Sean! « #MayTheFourthBeWithYou»
You are 25+ and livin at home with your parents and free loadin. Now
can you follow me and I will talk to you on dm instead of tweets and I'm really confused about this talk to me on dm please?<3
USC lost to Stanford last I checked...
Oh snap, looks like & I get to hang this weekend in Hartford. Been too long, but that's #industrylife. Listen to
do they make green one's for st. patty's day?
lol when u do watch that... Invite me lol
":My friend went to Wis 3 days ago haven't heard from her since. I assume they kill ppl/cellphones there” death by cheese curds
Representing and at the Assoc. of Asian Studies Conference in Toronto March 15-18. Booth 310
get with rakes Willis Troutman. First baptist studio. 6:30.
you could totally do that! I watched each movie as it was released in theaters after reading that book.
Why isn't everyone watching Fringe so creative and excellent tv
Almost 5pm and our lucky day for shooting at Madison Square Park. Sound guy has to lv soon so will need to wrap earlier than planned
They just read your tweet on the livestream. :)
Solid LFO reference
packers > homework
Eating at Kinoshita - Sun Jakamoto was full. So far, unexciting and disappointing. I thought Brazil was supposed to have good Japanese food!
Happy Mothers Day to the Best Mom I could ever ask for <3
Well it's been 73 hours, and counting! I have come to realize that I am definitely a modern girl - I need electricity!!
We have a pile of electronic trash set for pickup. Few people this morning have asked me "Do these LCD monitors work?" I want to kick them.
omg. that scared the crap out of me. thanks justin lmao :)
Shout out to in 's social media for B2B presentation. Thanks Bryan!
": rite chea taking a hard ass test was going on with u when u gone come vistit" idk bra idk, soon thoe
Yes, the hiatus is over, Quinn's Big City is back! Further announcements about the future of the site to come over the next few days.
I was so freaking close to dying my hair a gingery color for this show...but I didn't because I wouldnt be a true ginger. :C
Like if you're over the age of 1. deleting old ppl on dis
hahahahhahaha it said left the room and the awkward girl typed "ew" lolol
A whole lotta cards are making their way north to !
M sushi, which member if WORD is eat sushi and which one is eating a turkey sandwich?
Loving this gumdrop martini though..
call me
14 weeks to the Womens World Cup - who will take the title of World Champions?
Cocktail of the day:French 75- gin, herbal simple syrup, champagne; yes, a thousand times yes.It's warm and we suggest this be your fan
Ehmagawd! Uber sorry for nawt being awn; Todd messed with all of my passwords! And he deleted my Facebook! Kuh-laire is on probation now.
and making yu happy , makes me happy ;*
It's the kind of tired sleep can't fix.
Success! Off to Runyon to continue the badassness.. interval training? Perhaps, perhaps!
- Off topic, but my father-in-law worked on the Hubble, too. Ron Farris. Robotic arm, if I remember.
Great game in Indy lets do it agian soon!
10 minutes till my team's Opening Day. 10 minutes till my new year begins.
It's those "special" people who put it all in perspective. RT: And I've also met some real unique individuals too.
A brutal traffic jam on the way home punctuated the mehness of the experience.
One item can make life so much easier ;)
Nice to see the Crew lock down Gallardo.
so what did doc say? Any cool spidey powers?
Today's BTU inspiration: "Tomorrow can never be today." ~Amma
Back in the 317. Naptown how I've missed you!!!
WOW! What a line-up. Can't wait to hear all about it. A '24 Desmirail, really?!!
are we still meeting up tomorrow?
opening night is a little crazy... Sorry for the delay, it wont always be like that! Hope you had fun!
so...you're just NOW getting around to following me? LOL
Just read the founder of Instagram got 400 mil in that $1 billion deal. Think he's gonna take a picture of that & share it on Instagram?
why, gosh, thank you, LeAnn!
ha! may i ask what "anglo" is?
Thanks for welcoming me to the group.
I will until a rematch occurs. We need to have it with your gangster neighbors on their porch.
omg really?! O: ughh I love him! where do you work? Blake is cuter but I have room for Jimmy (; haha
I'm hungry meng <U+0001F601>
Thx! I was there in may 2009 and a 2-bed condo was $500k. Guess it was condition related... Leigh
One more to 2600 followers! RT to interested persons, b/c even the twitterverse deserves unbiased facts.
yeah I'm not sure how soon it's gonna be bc she wants me to help he with the yard work, so I may be getting my tan here <U+0001F61E>
Football should be part of our national defense budget.
"The courage to ask the unanswerable questions... the courage to listen." That's what good educators, good institutions must do.
Business opportunities are like buses, there’s always another one coming. – Richard Branson
oh yea, because tosh is always scary. i think the old lady with saggy boobs was pretty scary. to think that will be me on day...
Some products labeled '#green' aren't safe - look for #green #certification labels.
Tonight I am making glazed salmon on a bed of peppered rice pilaf & steamed asparagus covered in a creamy hollandaise sauce
So many ppl fighting me on my comment about Aubrey O'Day! By failed girl group, I meant no longer around. I stand by my previous statement.
Hey I am going to send you an amazing photo this weekend. Just wait.
We named her Dixie. Did you see the pics? “: Excellent! I'm so happy for you getting a puppy! What's it's name?”
best kept secret in Newark <-- thank you for the
... Wish I was with all you lovely people!!! Love and miss you Kayla and Bim !!
same here. (: i followed you btw,
Admit it. U want Jerry in you (;
Working out the last bits on a new song for the CD.
However, per Committee Code of Conduct you are required to disclose updates in all Monthly Reports haha.
Coalition of Suburban Communities for Fair Representation is presenting district maps.
Moreover, you can gift them to someone special and the person would surely remember you for a long time.
My condolences go out to you and your family.
Blessings delayed aren't blessing unheard.
It's cold in my room :(
sure about that ? Now who's fronting ? I don't need it one bit .
I'm wondering how many times in NBA history someone has had 15+ rebounds and 20 assists in the same game. Can't be many.
Whenever I fly to Wisconsin, I truly feel as if I'm home.
The CURRIED MOBILE Food Truck is gonna be on Dearborn between Monroe & Madison for LUNCH today!
Everyone is getting hacked. Please make ur passwords longer. Lol. Just got another "ppl r talking bad about u" dm. Lol! "/ ugh...
Ha ha! It probably does. ;-) Tell me what you think after you're done!
Absolutely a Patriotic Lunatic! Hope you're watching O'Reilly xtra sanctimonious 2nite! #TalkingPointsThinks!
HER MOM UGLY AS HELL HOW THE FUCK SHE COME OUT LOOKING SO SEXY WOW !!!
Early morning flight to Phoenix
"You are a minister and all ground is holy." responds to question from director of spiritual life Todd Clayton.
#digiconf12 O'Leary: Kobo launched in Germany with 3 times as many books as Amazon.
Good job, Will Hunting.
Two auditions today... Let's keep 'em coming!
Is it possible to spill both a cup of coffee and gasoline on yourself in the same half-hour? The answer is apparently yes.
Yeah! on The Voice and Ed Sheeran on Conan. :D
Rick Santorum calling it quits. Good thing he dropped out before he embarrassed himself and stayed in too long!
RT Choice not circumstances determines your success
I'm sneaking a nap right now. Back to the gym in three hours!
Zac Efrom is so damn sexy.
I love, love, love Santa Monica!
HOLY SHIT ME TOO, HIGH FIVE.
great show!
April 25, 1999 - A monument in honor of Joe DiMaggio is unveiled at Yankee Stadium.
I wonder if they make "I <3 My Acupuncturist" bumper stickers. I wonder if it would be socially acceptable to wear one on my forehead.
Who feel like texting. Dm your. Digits
I love diamonds <> :)
I'm about to take a nap, I'll sleep an extra hour for you ;)
Who want to be on a t.v show tomorrow at 11 and get paid for it were looking for ppl that look like skators must be at least 18
code for the avengers would be awesome! :)
hahaha that made me laugh ! Lol
Come on in and get a slice of our home made apple pie! Tastes great with a cup of coffee! And we're handing out free coffee coupons!
what comment?
My wife just explained to me that Angelina Jolie and J-Lo are not the same person. God, I need to work on my cultural capital.
Tortilla West!! Oh Norfolk, how I miss thee.
Just conquered the Great White Whale of naughty professor movies--"Wonder Boys."
sounds promising though...he is announcing full support, no? for
Is anyone else having trouble with Google services on Apple products? Google search, Gmail, calendar not working iPad.
Just like the Rolling Stones Sticky Fingers album cover I was a little underwhelmed.
"but only through clitorous stimulation"
So when are you coming up? lol
Check us out on reverbnation! www.reverbnation.com/hieroglyfics
is your happy hour still going on?
Thanks for the info, look forward to hearing more. Been considering DISC cert, but this looks more comprehensive
Legoland Florida admission is $75 for adults. Would you pay that to get in?
"he's alive!" Muahahaha lol I'm back from my twitter sabbatical
Not racist remarks just thought Matsui was better. Which is crazy. Including fielding. Which is just goofy
we miss you come out soon!!! :)
How long have you been working in PR/Adv and with Tedx?
Playing with ConstantContact for scheduled new hire emails.
Watching New York Minute<U+2665>
Played the board game called "Game of things" lastnight with my besties! We were some crazy girls.......haha
it's when you start peeing through your pants that we will worry about you until then.. carry on...lol.
I Love My Boyfriend , Even When He's An Asshole :) <33
nice! Happy belated Bday *<|= ]
damn you are so hot, why did you take off your videos from youtube?
#Norway at #CPD2012 : we need to protect and promote human rights including sexual and reproductive rights.
Did Chuck Brown die?
thank god today is early release
you should become a sport analyst
RT : Psyched for producer - she's singing the national anthem at game tonight!
Harry will still be him if he's bi, everyone needs to chill
RT Donald Trump Slams Cher Over Anti-Romney Comments, Calls Her a 'Loser' <--I really need to know why ANYONE is listening to this dude
However, this was a first for me: flirting on the T. Not a bad way to start my day. Tall & Handsome.
It's my life..I do as i want, say what I please, and don't give a fuck what you think.
Alright guys, lets get me to 500 followers!
Catching up on #lastmanstanding with the parentals. Actually a pretty funny show.
My mind is split btwn several time zones-great chat w , next week will be excellent! cc
It is time to worship the Lord. He is calling your name knocking at your door. Answer Him today in worship ttp://t.co/JrJi4le via
Thanks to Sen. Lugar for his years of service to his country. Now please exit stage right.
Don't feel bad. You weren't able to buy tickets. It's not like you decided not to go on purpose. T-T
Back to la today
Another morning at the mcjims house. Its like if measure had a house... But its clean and less arguements
RT "You never know what's going to happen when the ball squirts" props to you sir!
We're all set up at #Gamestorm. Come find us in the dealer's room and say hi!
At the Autobahn Country Club in Joliet...please let us drive on the track!
Bio, you're really fucking my birthday over...
seriously what profession is there that you can't reference something when you need to.
Thanks for the mention, Janis.
Somewhere in Stillwater, Keiton Page is wondering why #Lin couldn't have "turned it up a notch" against the
Hw done for now. Now what
Tonight!!! Tonight!! Club 212 Bunny Bash
Enjoying a great bottle of Aia-nice follow up to #Briarcrest - thanks !
: He is west you made it, it's not tomorrow here yet!!!
Seven more days for Harry Potter and The Deatly Hollows Part 2
Lester Hudson to Jeremy Lin: HOLD MUH DICK
One job to the next. Damn...
Cmon green n white let's do this!!
well duh we'll follow you back! We <U+2764> you! Thanks for helping spread the word about us. YOU are awesome!
me and him are about to bone
Dumb Elephant Crazy Annoyin Tramps Unintelligent Rich Cunts Elephant Niggas Trashy Ridiculous Awful Lame (Read the first letter of each word
Don't just stare say something especially if I know you
Are you ready for some new announcements from us....be watching as some new things about come soon!
I would like to say it was fun but it wasn't it was terrible
TE with first-round fantasy value? Graham could break barrier ...
lol Cool ur from Canada. Im from the USA
Thanks for following us. Stay tuned for more updates as we continue to analyze our data
It's a good thing Man v. Food isn't filmed live, it'd be a bummer to watch go into cardiac arrest on TV.
shouldn't have came out.
which one !? :D
They should create an app that makes your cellphone go "ah" when you plug it in.
Sometimes being too optimistic can be just as bad as being too pessimistic
Money Bagz would be dope. his battle against Real Deal was incedible.
How was my day? All i have 2 say is thank God 4 hot water & bubbles!!!
For those who don't know, rotator cuff injuries are extremely painful.
Come on #Gators, go Josh Hamilton on UNF.
Exactly. Haha. BTW, I like your music. I didn't even tell you that!! LOL.
Not really, I usually copy/paste the tweet, fix the mistakes, delete the original and replace it with the improved version.
yeah I am now :)
A little bit Hunger Games, a little bit Buffy The Vampire Slayer. - at
So just used tungle.me for the first time in a long time...its amazing how many apps or smb web products there are out there!
my ass is numb from sitting for so long..
Jealousy is when you count someone else's blessings instead of your own.
'Christopher Walken, I'd tap That' says
Own your own NacNak community
i knew, i am impressed with ur quest lol that was 4 or 5 interests ago, im thinking red heads or chinese chicks maybe-any suggestions?
I love James Roday...
RT lets get down?! Yes please! Rogues Gallery MKE is the spot!
you are welcome sweety please share my videos with your friends
totally normal.....
Getting home to peace and quiet after 8 hours of being with little people :) aahhhh time to relax <U+0001F60C>
From my time with , I feel like we need to have the state call marriage what it is: a business partnership.
It's always fun seeing a what they think is a #dynamite turn into a little wuss #flare. #thankyou come again wish you had tried harder
Thanks you too!
Still a lil mad
"Love, and a cough, cannot be hid." -G. Herbert
If the way the CPD handled the Occupy Chicago crowd and the anti-war protesters is an indication, it would have been ugly.
NYC beloved artist Peter Max will be designing the artwork on the hull of NCL's new Breakaway sailing year round from NYC! Info 800-803-7245
Man Boobs are fine, if your name is JULIE!
RT : The bank of love is never bankrupt. ~ Steve Maraboli
We will forward this to the Regional Trainer. Can u DM us your servers name or table number?
thank you..
That quiz is tough! And I thought I was up with my scores.
Seidenberg has owned Ovechkin this entire series.
Thx for the shout out & including me! : Happy cinco de mayo!
Unreal catch! Would have been at least a double...probably a triple if he doesn't catch it.
Quote to keep you going: "Grain by grain the hen fills its craw" (Mexico). How else do you get the things you want in life?
Oh my God another day at school
that is so wrong, but it's living on the edge.
Yay i get to see at lunch in a few minutes!!!
I don't care about basketball anymore. My Knicks are out.
": I have this vision of d. stern in a seinfeld episode going "no trade for you!!""
Communism can only come when society is ready for it. It cannot be merely instituted. It must evolve, and will evolve.
Imagination grows by exercise, and contrary to common belief, is more powerful in the mature than in the young
Just bombed instagram... Whoops.
Damn man I'm startin to miss her n shit like damn
i will say that the city song is quite the catchy one.
universal studios tomorrow? we'll pay for your ticket (:
Some people would disagree
WOW anyone see that dunk? #kobewho?
lol I'm driving Jj car I got a hair appointment after
wait that was so weird I literally jsut logged back on a sec ago bc i finished my hw and than u tweeted mee haha and sure
Looking for some furniture to populate my new, somewhat sparse apartment.
#writingadvice I've been told to torture my characters. It's a challenge for me because I get to like them. but that doesn't stop me. :)
Why can't I have normal friends.
You look like AC Green, Bitch don't call here anymore
You and the cast are awesome and are gonna go on to do amazing things! #TheSecretCircle was just the beginning for you all.
like your old friends ex gf? Lol
ugh. I dispise greyhound racing. When will people stop abusing animals and let them run for fun and be happy?
"the site you are trying to visit is unsafe" when I click on it #abort!
After FCAT today when I woke up, I thought everyone was gunna be at lunch and I got scared. + My arm was asleep.
Basia Fans! Get your Friends To Like Our Facebook Page For Special Prize! =)
I think we need a report about which variety of TastyCakes comes up tops with this year's cohort.
": Tina Fey actually coached "Kevin Gnapoor" on how to rap for the talent show scene in the movie Mean Girls."
thanks. It's been a great win for us and video crowdsourcing as a whole.
Do you have a door prize that you want to donate to the empty bowl? Email us here:
Someone did!
Coffee and a very large cat... ;)
Yowza! Time to start going through boxes!
just held my breath for 5 seconds
Ah the simple pleasures of warm weather. Used the BBQ tonight for dinner.
Finishing a great day with my Liza. Great weather and good company.
I'm drinking....
Right now! thanks for keeping me compnay sweetheart you're the best everyone else is asleep goodnight lovely
yessir. I've been living in LA for the past month.
Your hair is a "a-mah-zing" to quote Penny from "Happy Endings."
Never text someone asking them what theyre doing while youre on the pooper. They'll ask you back and you wont want to give them the truth.
Still waiting to go on the air, are you watching?
ok den
lol that's what's up
That may be more than we needed to know.
We are a school, not a political affiliation. I fail to see how our talk on freelance video work has to do with reps vs dems
Swag , tybalts got swag --Mrs.Crouse
no offense but girls defiantly don't mature faster than girls!..
not totally crazy -- there are some working on json serializations of MARC; in comparison, pbcore+json should be easy.
Who's watching the golden globes??
Wow! Thank You so much! :)
:D dont forget about me when your rich and famous
ohh you have fun too in Cali!! I'll txt yu wifeyy! Have fun getting up at the crack of dawn :)))) haha
Thanks for the follow. Let me know if your ever in Dallas
i cant find my shoe :c LOL<3
Manly Deeds, Scholarship and Love for all mankind. Are the Aims of our Dear Fraternity.
sadly, i'm guessing some players probably dont know how to distinguish between reporters and TMZ...
lol. Im putting dat in one of my raps.
#ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore Because you acted way different on twitter & facebook than in real life
Will Be the Best in His Class When Its All Said And Done.
WOW. Lumisands has a high tech, inexpensive "filter" to turn harsh LED into full spectrum light.
I couldnt imagine anything without you
lol i am
Thanks for your kind tweet. I'm truly humbled.Thanks again : )
Awesome listening to Stephen Miles, Vice Chairman of Heidrick & Struggles, share about career moves, mentors that matter and transitions.
Pretty girls shouldn't waste time on careless boys.
have you been outside? Too cold for you to win.
#wewasgooduntil You talked about me. While I was right there
Good luck girls! I'm sure you'll knock em dead over there!
that was my last piece of gum
OMG I Miss You soo much!! Your welcome!! I Love You!! xoxo
Yes I agree lots of gr8 recipes RT : Pinterest is a great source of meal inspiration!
To say that I am outta shape is an understatement. Just ran for thirty minutes and I swear the sidewalk moved.
Watched an old movie last night with my gals #TheMatchmaker. Great line "A man can survive without his wallet, but not without his friends."
LOL Yes I do :) It's not just mine though, :P otherwise I would name it one of those... ;)
Don't mind me. Just sitting on my front porch checking social networks and waving to people. :) * <<<<<waves
Chillin on a dirt road..
#WHITEHOUSE Join us in helping the president achieve these goals to make the US great again. Taking the money out of politics is essential
Innovation is an endurance sport says
Hello to all, busy busy morning.
Seriously? 200 empty seats & you're gonna sit right next to me..if this person starts sneezing or coughing it's on..
Fun. Any baby-friendly spots?
You look gorgeous lady!!
What's up? Some say Monday funday. I say #MondayHustleDay!
I really don't care for too many people but I did care about her. I know she is in a better place. R.I.P. Ms Audrey Gail Johnson.
Today's #Pricing Tip: Set your normal high list price and offer discounts to customers who “prove” they are price sensitive
Oomf SO Fake . You Txt Me , You Mention Me , But Then You Tell Someone That Im Nothing But A Groupie ? K .
Gerald was nice enough to wait with me at the Max. He obviously doesn't know he's not getting laid.
I need a fuckn job ASAP
& I took the #Wonderlic test today. Find out how we did on sports central 2nite at 7:35.
aw have a safe trip the rest of the way!
Name the place and time an I'm there!
Am I the only person who isn't a fan of monkeys in classical art?
I got second on the 400 & long jump
Ted Allen: Chia pets, that's how we roll
''&&we'll become silhouttes when our bodies finally go''
We were the kings and queens of promise
I wanna make love.
They found a 500 year old computer underground :o that shit crazy and creepy :o
WHAT ARE YOU STARING AT
:) all da way ya hurd
fuck yeah RT“: What a half!”
#EPIC #FAIL RT We took new guy to magic market. He embarrassed us by asking for a diet coke and then ordering a water...
Reminder, we're giving away a pair of Portland Timbers game tickets tonight on Timbers In 30. The show begins at 6pm on Channel 12.
Today was a perfect day in the Bay area. Dang...we need more days like today!!
Layin down wit a killer who thinks he's a lover may be bad for your health. Maybe not
an admission of guilt? Ha.
Music is the art of thinking with sounds
you are easy! :) RT : she's my favorite co-worker right now! haha
How far of a setback will it be if the Broncos select a corner with the #2 pick?
sure looks like the idea we developed
Are the challenges self-chosen based on students' passions? Do the kids really own the learning?
new divalicious playlist in the works. This time: lots of funk and Janet Jackson. Get ready!!
Patriot League represent?
I'm in such a good mood right now!!
RT : RT : Listo for my performance tonight opening for w
What...a...game
We have a big mediation tomorrow!
This made me laugh on a sad night: RT : RIP clarence clemons, not really sure who you were exactly, but dying is sad.
If yours were at a 5th grade level mine was at a 2nd grade level. What a great GPA booster!
This is what heartbroken feels like
A year ago today iSam's Mom aired. It's been only 12 episodes (counting 1hr specials as 2 episodes; if not then only 9 episodes) since then.
We have 7 days to go in our Kickstarter campaign, thought it might be interesting to - what mac fan doesn't want 3D?
Talking old zaxbys days and how i dated of the female managers in 07..i was on it then lol
thank you for reaching out, Omar. Appreciate your input.
Power out at chateau #sanaanawinds time to go home......
I heard you lookin for videographers, can you dm me the details
dead or...famous?
Dynamo can't beat LA without Davis.
Not convinced that was a strike 3 on Ryan at the end. He held up, should be ball 4.
Dream chasers is better than dream chasers 2. My opinion
kk ill accept you
Libraries aren't just about preservation, but about publishing, author fees and #openaccess - they have a bright future
Well on a scale of 1 to Fergie, my face is only slightly busted.
homework homework yoga homework homework homework
Great Heart, will be better after I get some liquor in me.
“The world is full of obvious things which nobody by any chance ever observes” - Arthur Conan Doyle (Sherlock Holmes)
Perfect day to be !
Come by Tonight for Half Off All Wine Bottles on our List! Happy Thanksgiving to everyone!
That deal comin' soon.
I came in second both games when I played bowling today...
Ok, I might be able to do that. I'll drop a line.
Special Olympics Fundraiser "Little Bit Country" Thurs 9-16 @ 7 pm. Free admission. We will pass the Hat for your generous donations!
7:30...gym time. Got to get it tight for summer.
Welcome to Rochester, Julie Taymor! We're so glad you're here!
DO IT! DO IT! DO IT! DO IT! DO IT! DO IT! Literally cannot wait. <3
We cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are. - Max De Pree
Halloween Specials at Washington Restaurants
RG3, Caps playoffs, Nats/Harper/Stras. DC suddenly a real sports town!
in the age of 8MP camera phones, how come people still taking fuzzy photos?
Probably the most sleep deprived I've been. What a week this has been/will be. Exciting but stressfull.
Have you tried Spotify? I think the DVD of the prod I watched is on Netflix.
Aren't i such a hypocrite? Sorry.
studio tip: always good to let a few days go by then listen to that recording with fresh ears..
Please follow me , and I love your music and if you guys followed me I would
BOOM!! Game 7.
ah that's like hour from my wife fam in zanesville
Going too CANADA tommorow :D
Bummed I'm missing #Glee but excited to be in class. I have a scene tonight! Im looking forward to it! Don't text me with spoilers! Haha
he's great, taking care of my sick butt like a good boy lol
Okay! Never left the couch and now have all my texts for the first summer course. Bring on #J500!!
Good luck! RT Gonna play in Nationwide Tour's Monday qualifier in Midland, TX.. Hopefully me & ProV1x will be playing Thursday!
I freaking love Steve-O xD
supermoon = same ole moon
A relationship without trust is like a cellphone with no service & what do you do with a cellphone with no service? You play games.
Are ya'll sure you want me to do #Imagines ???
Soul Searching!
This westbound traffic better not piss me off tonight......
so you started in on thr Laphroiag in preschool.
Now running to the store lol Smh
#EqualPayChat-Friday 4.20.12 Twitter Chat w/ DOL & National Equal Pay Task Force-Email Qs b/4 event sent to
Haha.. We didn't have school today.. ;P
couldn't resist sorry
Rose MRI are in!!!! Out for the season torn acl... Dam that sucks!!
Bus driver lady, are you fucking kidding me?
#whyilovebritney because has never been anything but herself!
That's a wrap on Dulce's Ashes! Pretty incredible...
Im finna start saying that shit.... that's classified!
thats great national recognition! great job owu soccer
Your Hypin It
Thanks hon.
great meeting u too. Perhaps we'll see eachother at soon!
#replacebandnameswithorgasm The Violent Orgasms
Well aren't we just a match made in DM heaven. :) Let me guess... your day 1 would've been "It's No Good"?
you gotta get to the truck, man!
I'm serious I'm just to lazy to go anywhere right now.... Aw you suck -__- lol
Preschoolers building games on screens and playground tar as intro to computer programming.
I'M SUCH A FAN
Awesome new Pizzeria and marketplace at , very close to us! Check in on Foursquare to get a free glass of wine!
he just knows one is out of his league.
Off to longisland
I just hit a fucking bird with my car! I'm a murderer!!!
4get gun control, we need bullet control. If a bullet cost $5,000 there would be no innocent bystanders. -I love chris rock
That's fascinating and I would imagine a little frustrating?
How is Open Graph data affected by sharing through a #linksy campaign (with custom content around a link)?
He also said it's ok to have sex with ugly women. I'm not sure how to take that.
BE YOURSELF because an original is worth more than a copy.<U+2665>
Safe And Sound By Taylor Sw1ft Or hunger Games Parody 1 Wanna Go By W1nter Spr1ng...
Working on Edmund Spenser and having the same repetitious thought: "Wasn't Antiquitez on Crooked Rain, Crooked Rain?"
Free Kodak printer today! For upgraded members only.
Getting my hair did
If you don't already receive my FREE monthly #acting & #modeling tips, sign up here and you will be sent a SPECIAL BONUS:...
I'm not a bot I only play one on TV. LOL
Teague has yet to show it in the regular season. Very inconsistent, both in his play and his playing time.
Awe Man RT : Aww man... That swag dust! Lmmfao
Enjoying a glass of wine before seeing So excited!
tell me about it .. it would be a perfect end to a other wise shitty year
Winner of the 2012 #OBA in Graphic Literature: Footnotes in Gaza
There are few pieces of music that make me feel like I'm in Sartre's No Exit: the Long and Winding Road is one of them.
I would love to meet you, a fellow Texan, today. I'm in from Dallas.
Good morning twitter peoples! and the people that im following!
Ghetto ass school
No Carolina... Sad face...
May all your wildest dreams come true on this specialist or special days!
OK OFF TO THE LA FITNESS WITH MY SISTER LORNA I AM BACK!!!!
If Bill Walton gets a craving for sweets, he's set; a 5-ft. tall tribute to him in chocolate sits in his home made by local pastry chef.
no problem...nice work!
Thanks for the
Are we gonna hear any new music soon? I'm so excited for new music from you guys. <3
Just finished my last high school final!!
Yes, woo! Come over!
Same kid with learning issues hits Walkoff HR as Senior to win State Championship. TOO Cool
It is beautiful. Thanks for the suggestion.
My 3 yr old just asked me if David apologized to Goliath after hitting him in the head with a rock. How do I explain that one?
Agreed on PD. Learning is a symphony where tech tools are the instruments & teachers are the conductors.
No doubt!!! RT : it was, indeed. He is really doing BIG things.
Thanks ! Sounds like a great event!
I hate when random little kids send me messages on xbox when I'm playing cod... gtfo of here and stop calling me a noob -_-
well hey I'm sam. Now u know me
By George I've got it!
damn wade got away with a walk
Pregnant Because Of Jerry .. LMFAO!
puttin in time at the office today along with a home visit
appearance orientation and gender role orientation on self-efficacy.
just been working a lot so I can get this big screen and so I can go to New York for Thanksgiving how are you doing sweetness?
I do think I will keep him. He's already housebroken even if he is a little loud. ;)
About to watch #humancentipede. Well, attempt to watch it.
which wine are you pairing with that?
Prom Season is approaching...what is your favorite memory from your prom?
#OTGTIPS UNDERESTIMATE NO ONE, IF YOU DONT KNOW THEM, YOU DONT KNOW WHAT THEY ARE CAPABLE OF
jealous of you & .. Give him some "dap" for me
Guys if you wish all girls look like Megan Fox, well too bad, it's not like you guys all look like trey songz
Sometimes I can be such a needy person :-/
Old lady in The Wedding Singer
I know I gotta good thing right here. Imma stick with you my Babe.
We have some Hunger Games lanyards and 3D Katniss bookmarks here...Holla if you want one and we'll hold on to it for you.
My sister had a copy of Battleship from the "Barbershop" but I refused to watch it.
hopefully I can play a werewolf in a show or movie or in teen wolf! :D
Fairey is the most 'revolutionary' street artist ever. NOT. Money, money, money = Deitch.
Finally convinced Jen to watch the movie "Sleepers" with me after nearly 3 years of building it up. It's extremely underrated and a classic.
congrats! :-) Bet it feels amazing. Sadly, I'll be stuck with contacts for the rest of my life - meh. Could be worse! :-)
We've got plenty! :) RT : Not being sexist but this is a first for me... a female taxi driver.
Guess whose picture I saw on the bulletin board at the Ballard SBUX? Cc:
A well-defined XML workflow will create documents that are well-formed, allowing you more flexibility for future content needs.
Not sure I know what you're asking. Did you get the wrong version?
M hottub and pool time
Hope like what I got him , its not much but it comes from the heart .....congrats bd !!!
If Lebron really deserved MVP he needs to show me right now, this is his one chance to make me a believer
Going to the Mariners game today, bummed that Griffey is injured. Still have yet to see him play, always injured. Next Year???
lets go clark!!
One of my all-time faves.
Mario Andretti Opens New Firestone Complete Auto Care Store In Henderson, NV - MarketWatch (press release)
Why is it getting to me so much man...
Happy Friday, everyone. I hope all you Oakies enjoy your weekends!
I was just saying other words for fun bags.. I wasn't sure u knew ..
Up early. Where u headed?
get em Von
Also, there is a police siren that has been going off for literally 30 minutes and im trying to sleep. Ugh.
thank you, Richard!
Cheap Drug - Savings up to 65% - Duane Reade - BRAND Prescriptions -
Awesome! I am trying to find research on student outcomes who do this type of thing, but not seeing much.
sure thing! Ever been down to Atlanta? Gone into LGA and JFK before, imagine Newark has got to be a little less crazy haha!
would you ever go on there? xD
LMAO ESPN doesnt use multiple sources
4706 goes out to anyone who smokes more when asked if they are high enough. You can always go higher
awh your talking about the car that logo with the dragon eating the guy is used alot in the UK in british governments
That time in life when you didn't get one request all night! And Shit was epic
thank you elizabethh , c:
heyy follow me
I think the fashion club meeting is next to me. #deananddeluca #dropcrotch #chic?
Branded Saloon 603 Vanderbilt Ave. performing from 9-10 with my dj. It's going down and it's free!!
Would u consider writing about EFL textbooks an the attrocities ?
Tila will win
They probably will win both.
Barnes heating up a little.
hope you rocked the first day man! Wouldn't expect much less
so that's you!
smooth operator playing at the marathon expo
Had my morning coffee with in Australia this morning. Love that girl! Now having lunch with the other Ally & talking business.
How is it 3:45 already?
The two hardest things to say in life are hello for the first time, and goodbye for the last.
i just switched from an expensive salon brand to Dove shampoo & conditioner and OMG!!! i love you Dove!!
Your mistakes are what make you who you are, don't regret them.
Whose got the best example of people using Google+ so far? Show me the money!
I often wonder how one person can love something so much... and another not at all
So sorry Dawn!
If this is the prevailing attitude, then Williams needs to be suspended for more than a year to stop it...
send tht again all I seen was blah blah blah etc.
do you ever have one of those amazing gym days where you feel like Superman? that's me today! Rawr! :)
Today's $1000 winner on www.getrichradio.com was Cliff Armstrong. Congratulations Cliff! Tomorrow you could be our winner. Tune in to win!
It's love when you hear their voice in your head while your reading their texts.
You will be a Scientist in Crediton.
Graphic Design Solutions & Brand Development. Call or email today for a quick quote. Email: Call: 858.336.8906
Welcome to the club. I have received login errors like that on Facebook for a week now. Just keep trying over and over.
: omg- we are so excited! Freaking out a tad (amanda) lol!!!! Thx!
You know you watch too much tennis when you are taking an exam, and you are drawing out the draws to the next tournament
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #travel because they bring the world a little bit closer.
not you either..!!
ROTFLMAO Love that woman. “: bless my Mother's heart, she just asked if you were running Hood to Coast?”
is National open yet? Get a coney dog!!
for lunch, for dinner with , , - it's an Asia foodie kinda day.
Zak's good people.
Yes girl!
2 11-game win streaks this season is still better than any other team in the nba
lol its like ms:P
I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass. ~ Maya Angelou
I mean brah….not that spelling of that word is important.
Night Flight
The Paper Box is currently looking for bands/musicians/artists to book starting in May. Please e-mail us at
you should feel honored I'm retweeting you :p
Oh, yes. Who do we talk to about that? Is there a council? Some sort of tribunal? A nap panel?
If you want to dance seriously, do. You must think about it day and night, dream about it,--desire it.
It's evident shallow women outweighs righteous ones 80/20.
Friday, tommorow! About ready for a good ass weekend , ha PARTY! <3
Did you know that if you take care of your gaylord's they are worth at least $3.50 more per box then if you recycle them as OCC
“: "the average youth in america sees 25,000 ads a year." - in remixing gendered ads workshop #ovc10” great session
Hey! Thanks for all the new follows! Great day at
I wish it was like this all the time
Christina Aguilera to perform the National Anthem at the #Superbowl! Must be because she nailed it twice last year at the NBA Finals!
The fact they are actually calling this fool Metta is dumb as eff
it's cute!
It's about that time!!!
And the 2011 best of show...
Hey man. I just saw you took the site down. As bitter as some of the guys have gotten, your site serves such an imp. purpose
Thanks for checking us out. Feedback always appreciated.
"It’s impossible” said pride. “It’s risky” said experience. “It’s pointless” said reason. “Give it a try” whispered the heart. - Anonymous
CD, some of have older cars with broken electric drives so we can't play an ipod, just CDs.. and I want to blast your cool jams
Geesh, no lie. RT The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt. SYLVIA PLATH
You two are funny! I'm having fun with this too, it's so fun to discuss a current read w someone also reading it
Dead to me - you didn't take me to Belgium. ;-) cc
Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world. Archimedes
Happy 4th of July! May we all remember to thank our troops for what they do for us...
great. Sbux on us 1 here we come
Don't you just love when your friends make plans and you're not invited, I know I do.
Aw Good game Knicks - good game. We almost had it!
your first WHAT now? :) hi!
Saw Cowboys & Aliens last night..It was Awesome! Loved it=]
Q5: Thoughts on Danica Patrick's recent deal w/ Coke? If you're a big brand, what's the attraction to someone w/ one career win?
We are now moving to questions from the audience.
& . oh my, just gotta LOL at reporters thinking they are detectives sometimes.
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 101
Dinner meeting!
Weather update: most of the T-storms are west of LSP, but there is a slight chance they'll hit around 5. They'll be gone before game time!
This is The Story is Here
Brain Floss: Guiness Book says The record for the most teeth in the mouth is shared by an Indian man and Italian man, each with 35 teeth.
MO State Board of Education meeting starting. Board to discuss Missouri Baptist University's sponsorship of charters.
In the airport bar at the 2 minute warning!!
A laugh with hugs in it! Now that's good medicine. You are thoughtful!
I love how I just ask billy who has the biggest ass in the grade & he said me....
; )=> “: Not much difference between a gas pump and a slot machine these days ; )”
The $25k question on Who Wants To Be A Millionaire asked if a pediatrician can diagnose Beiber Fever. Where's Regis when ya need him?! Smh.
Lotus flower bomb
I want "Revenge" and "Scandal" to overlap like "Magnum, P.I." and "Simon and Simon."
Thank all media for having incompetent public trial by jounalist further smearing the Martin case; dad statement is inadmissible evidence
hungover. I'm just going to watch it @ my place. What's your plan? Come over!
Watched a webinar on turning PLR books into profitable niche books. One of the best webinars I've ever sat through.
"WARNING" exposure to the SON will prevent you from burning!
Thank God for Tim Tebow's obedience. -They will treat you this way because of my name, for they do not know the one who sent me. John 15:21
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.
hahahah, shut up! NO. But - I get the hair.
you and your daughter look really nice!!! Great pic..
Gain cannot be made without some person's loss.
not gonna argue with a closer.
SHOUT OUT TO YOU! EVERYONE FOLLOW HER IF YOU'RE COOL
Who would give a law to lovers? Love is unto itself a higher law
Breakfast at 130 pm. Yeah I think so.
Had great Sunday Skills Training sessions today in Atlanta, Peachtree City, Birmingham, Charlotte and Charleston.
I can't express how excited I am to be out the door by 7am. O_o
Wishing of the #smsix team good luck with his meetings today. He's out strategy ninja maven bespoke rockstar expert guru
Thank you to each person who has served in the military for being willing to lay down your life on my behalf. I honor you today.
Stupid fat women chain smoking at the playground make me very angry. You know who you are beeatch.
hahaha, there you go - i love that movie.
im new
Budget Committee is listening to public comment right now; young adults are asking for more city funds for youth jobs/programs.
I admire and adore you. ": I'd rather be admired than adored. Adoration stems from perception. Admiration stems from reality."
I sure care about the content being educational. I think it's about quality not quantity
yay!!! Sun baby time is the best use of time.
#WeLoveWATIC so much. Sweetest band ever.<3
congrats on the new movies I can't wait to go see them and you are to funny : )
Smiles from the whole panel when working with data and mobile providers was mentioned.
Explain this to me: how are the H1, H2 & H3 freeways on Oahu interstates? Federal funding mandate? Pre-made interstate road signs?
can't wait for #BELIEVE I know it's gonna be amazing!
Also, Merriam-Webster Online has added rhymes to its definitions: "catalog, demagogue, leopard frog, mummichog..."
its awesome, I saw the trailer for new one it looks cool but not sure because actors in it
“: the two bad things about moving in August: sharing a bathroom and not being close to a McDonald's <U+0001F61E>” RUDE.
I need that freakin hour back...
And who decided to make Knoxville into Antarctica?
Have your Twitter followers check out BlackBeltBachelor.com to cook up an exceptional date in D.C., instead.
Hot yoga this morning...walked out and Atlanta weather felt like a cool breeze!
I got them from the packers fans tour, I did the full works night away meet the players tailgate etc
nope, everything is fine as far as I can tell.
Just woke up for Saturday school it sux really bad!!!:'(
am i like the only one who is so freakin anxious for the 2nd meet & greet pictures to go on austins Facebook?! CANT CONTAIN MYSELF
Our pleasure. Happy Holidays!
have my email then?
With physical collections, going back and forth, distant to close, and back.
Check out Outliers -- it is one of my favorites.
It looks like we're all done for this visit, except for awesome chef dude, who will be there tomorrow.
Hope I get my Hair cut tomorrow!! Im ready
drake was on 1 that night, so was everyone else
I would imagine that would have a lot to do with how "bad" it was.
- Post a one-sentence journal entry every day or two. A philosophical thought. Something you are doing or thinking about.
Watching The Vow!!! Hope I don't Cry!! haha
Not really looking forward to starting both sides of the ball this week.
Christmas used to always be a big day for #prowrestling as people needed to get out of the house after all that togetherness
so my voice is gone from getting in a arguement
has a million more followers than I'm pretty sure she's not even divorced yet.
We've got free bingo tonight at 7
Just left some of my chin on the treadmill. Chizzle time!
I think the authority debate still muddy the waters when looking at the future of museums
I see the nuggets are a worthy adversary. Even with their ridiculous name.
... Why is his shirt off?
Its so hard to get out of my bed.
at about 5:30pm. :) If tea isn't getting the job done... coffee will certainly help. Good luck!
...kids off to school soon. 7am... coffee... Paul Chambers transciption...
Have you called your own company's automated voice system lately? Can you navigate through it easily? Is info accurate? Your customers know.
Who loves Washington?
I'm getting old. Yikes. But never too old for a good party with good friends :)
Heading down Sheffield ave today, between Division and Belmont, any great local stores I should visit?
hi can I bag u
I see my momma smile.. That's a blessing
i need more followers before i can follow anymore people! #teamfollowback help me out my boiii
bo on not getting the invite!
Ah yes! Am Tornado Alley baby from Amarillo and bet still have NM dust in my lungs from springtime at TT. Hope to CU soon!
Watching the breakfast club. . . i loove this movie(:
Oh oh.
Feeling nostalgic? Check out our children's book display featuring Maurice Sendak "Where the Wild Things Are" & other great children's book
U rock ma six!
#JPMorgan's new $2B fiasco doing nothing to dispel notion Americans suck at math.
<U+E04C> Sweet Dreams!
"i owe you from the thing with the guy in the place" "i'd never been to belize"
french oral final tomorrow. fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk and then french written final on friday. fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Is leaving Las Vegas, but not in the drink yourself to death Nick Cage way
In the wake of Supremes decision in drug info case experts know it is a loss for those VT legislators who care about privacy
Happiness is the best facelift. Diana Krall
Looking for female models to pose with different urban, streetwear hoodies and famous stylish dresses. (Compensation + Free Clothes). DM
I'm watching the vow
Both digitally-born literature & post-print fiction, like House of Leaves. Not for 1 class but as a flexible curriculum title.
Brooklyn its been lovely!
just sent my Evernote notes from 's #SXSW presentation: "The Art of the No-Decision Decision"
Play at your own risk!
when you know you have things to get done in this world you have to push through your fear and do them
Trust Is Like A Mirror, You Can Fix It If Its Broken, But You Can Still See The Crack In Tht Mother Fucker's Reflection. <U+2665> -Lady Gaga
I wanna fall alseep....but I have to watch my sisters :/
Golf is a sport for people nice enough to actually have 3 good friends to play with them.
lol you know why
That moment when your mom is washin clothes nd she finds a condom in your pocket. #Awkward!! 9_9
The evening slowly unspooling. Billie Holiday on the stereo sweetly inquires "What's new? How is the world treating you?"
Any suggestions for drum covers? I'm thinking about doing an Alter Bridge song.
have you worked with us yet? Would love to connect!
you are great thanks
u got the number right
Fuck you that's all I have to say... Your fucking dead to me !!
shooting feature today, gotsta love the pub!
thanks boo! It was a great night. now back to shitty weather :-/
lls iight bet. What did yall do after I left?
So I see you've moved on to fights with filthy degenerates on twitter. I'm quite impressed. CC:
. Attending Meetups, hosting meetups, listening to people, not pitching too hard, developing healthy, real, human relationships.
Met my new student in the #univmiami mentor program last night Kai Xu Looking forward to great year Miami biz leaders - become mentors
I'm mad at you
. Not sure I thought of myself as a "leader." Thought of myself as an apprentice.
Table-Nine Bertuccis
GM Beauties! InnerQuote: "The simple act of paying positive attention to people has a great deal to do with productivity".-Tom Peters
Thanks for the retweet. This was a fun article to write.
nice shot! Hope you're having a wonderful time.
Headed back to New Orleans to meet up w/the crew for another day at #CTIAw12 - BOOM!
There were a number of moments where I nearly wet myself. And then I laughed.
soon! We're working on not only getting all the designs but all the stuff to actually stock it with. But it'll be ready soon
We have been using that like crazy - we found some great stuff!
I will be "occupying" the sidelines of a soccer pitch tomorrow. Is conservative soccer mom an oxymoron?
"no matter what one expects in a Patton performance, one can expect to receive something unexpected." See Julie Patton at our symposium!
Oh my, what a day. Anyone else glad this week is almost over? Thinking about hiding under a blanket the rest of the day. Sheesh.
Funny how the dogs want to be with mommy at bedtime, but when daddy decides to have a late night snack he has 2 new best friends!
I would support you if you decide to blackout all day
PRAY FOR ME PHYSIO EXAM TOMORROW NEED TO KILL IT <U+0001F64F><U+0001F64F><U+0001F64F>
I wonder how much he want for that beat I should buy it n still leave the tag in it
Twitter burglers beware- Derek is at the house and he knows how to kill you 93 different ways! US Marine you know...
Of course! U r a very sexy cool #WHOA! babydoll & dont u ever forget it beautiful! XOXO
off to another long day of #stopmotion animation! We're pushing around 6,000+ hex nuts all day. everyday.
Ok....How is everybody doing today?Hopefully your monday hasnt been as crappy as mine haha
we're dropping off my nephew in Roanoke!
Fascinating documentary! Thank you for giving us an insiders' view.
after the beagle aquisition you were probably thinking "oh my, what have I done." any unchewed things left in the house? ;-)
this is a powerful episode and truly enjoying it. So many golden nuggets. Thank u
I hate waiting for someone/anyone to get ready to go somewhere. I get so worked up that I need a medically induced coma.
Thank you. How did you come by the name MusicMuse? It is wonderful.
God birthed that idea inside of you that you have been sitting on. What are you afraid of? If He gave it to you, it's blessed for success.
If you are tweeting from the Empowered to Connect Conference, be sure to use the #ETC11 hashtag.
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you've never met.” #indeed”
Pls let me know how Dark Shadows is. I heard they turned it into a comedy.
oh and then i read your timeline and see you'll be in chicago this weekend. phooey! if i were home i'd drive and see ya
Yo J,nice work bro!Do you have a contact 4 production?
"That was delightfully demented!!" -audience member post-
what's wrong w whatsapp?
I think I like #RaeLynn best... lets see what happens
Gettin ready 2 hit on some drums....
lol thank you :)
they have a casino there...
yeah so uhm, you should follow us on here. we're not that weird, we swear.
& Have a good day! and Thanks for RT!
I just want your bad romance!
New phone Divi bak at it...
You taste like heaven. But god bows you were built for sin
I'll definitely check them out! Thanks!!
Dream Board 2012 already working! You continue to influence my life for the better every day. THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU!
I really,really hope not. It wouldn't be the same!
Beethoven who was a coffee lover, was so particular about his coffee that he always counted 60 beans each cup when he prepared his brew.
Can't wait for tonight!:)
To me, the gut-level "why WOULD we do that?" is similar, as well as the usual "well, it's always been this way" rejoinder.
Don't laugh at #badbehavior in your kids or animals. It's only cute for so long then you are stuck with it.
RT from all over the place: "On 9/11 the world said 'We are all Americans.' Tonight, we are all Iranians."
Beautiful chilly morning for a walk and talk on the First Night footprint with local visionary J Edwards
We're on a densely wooded moon with no paved roads or clear paths. The preferred mode of travel? Suicidally fast floating speeder bikes.
Uhm, im in black out town... Cum join
Hopefully tonight turns out to be entertaining.
Hope to see you at Forch on Your Porch in West Seattle tonight!
now its even hrder or u to follow us :(
Gunna watch #ThroughSinAndSelfDestruction I'm scared. Haha. Oh god. What's going to happen >.<
PHILL SAYS "color catchers are like a tampon for your clothes"
wild weekend. Good Night, Good Hockey! #flyers #nhl,
I am craving maple glazed donuts....Where did that come from!!
idk yet what time do you work at???
nah, connecting to the UK
Can't wait for the new Walmart Superstore to open in Poway. Bye-bye Vons & Ralphs.
Joining Your State #CourtReporters Associations Carries Many Benefits
I have to pee. That is all.
lmao she know I got her
Day at Brookwood Community!! Big thanks for being great friends to all the citizens here!
did you survive?
Yeah Im Ready for habesha parties this summaaaa ! Ready to kill the eskistaaa
I wanna watch Aladdin now. Lol
Anyone wanna see my formal dress? -Alex <3
They're serious… wow. MT : New ad for SF Mayor Ed Lee blows Mark Block out of the water youtu.be/fbdd_Fasz0k
hey guys
Horoscope said I'm planning an unconventional trip to an exotic place. Is Madison, WI considered exotic after traveling SE Asia for 4 mos??
American Legacy thanks you and all veterans for their service to the country.
I never thought about it either. Kind of scary - have bookmarked for further study. TKS, !
RT I have an insatiable appetite for these films, which may or may not be healthy. Eager to see it
fatigue is y they lost and may lose 2night. #Lakers only shot is to win all home games 2 push it to another game 7, agree?
NY Giants select Virginia Tech’s David Wilson -running back- with 32nd overall pick in the first round.
School is so important. Especially if you want to make a living in music, study hard. U'll be happy you did. Finish the school year strong.
I hope you heal well and quickly!
anything on whether aoki deal got done in time or not?
Well I can't say this much I'm actually pretty sure I aced that test!
"were"? I want a soap/heelie hybrid shoe that looks like an airwalk.
New Icon thanks! !:)xx
is planning an errand laden bike ride! Getting out and enjoying the "cooler" weather. =)
NOW CASTING: Sexy, HOT, model, sngle girls 2 earn shot at dating a celebrity on a new Prime Time Major network show. Class & VIP
Mad at and for not being able to #lookslutty with me in the quad. Laying out by myself <U+0001F459><U+0001F62D>
badgers up to 10th.
do you hear me talking to you?
Foh, changing tweets
Life is short. Live tall.
Estate sale in Golden Colorado...I'm here. So are 40 other people!
If he plays like he did today, yes. Watt was everywhere. Made tackles sideline to sideline.
I am set free.. It is for freedom that I am set free
I got to think, drink and pray on this one! Kenny Lloyd AMC lol
Access to #financial #literacy is also important -- i.e. #mobile #accounting tools ( ) helping #microentrepreneurs grow
Today was a very... awkward day. :P
hey thanks!!
At #OHSFoodTruck you can sit inside and eat so you stay warm! We're here until 7!
YES, please
Upon closer inspection, I take it back.
Unfortunately, Chicago lacks any food from Guinea, but my driver recommended Yassa African Restaurant on the South Side for Senegalese food.
I feel the same way sometimes!
I'm like 2 hours early for work haha. But playing makes it better :)
What happened to customer service?!?! I am so tired of dealing with people who act rude.
Do the #Cavs have a shot at Kansas' Robinson?
Yeah, Im doing pretty well on some of the sites I didnt think that I would, on not so great on the ones I usually do great on
I would if I could baby!! You make me extremely happy!
I don't know?? Somethin diffrent idk random": what are u talking about? :s"
what??! Yeah downtown Westerville. Other fav bakery is Resches in Whitehall.. Both pretty life changing.. Good luck!
So excited for Survivor: Philippines!
NYC for the Beard Awards...the Oscars of the culinary world! Good Luck Stephanie!
I hate when people throw subliminal shots! Keep it 100 and talk that talk.
Via : Consumer insight worth remembering: Consumers aren't in need of 1/4" drill bits, they're in need of 1/4" holes.
yes yes you are.
I don't give a fuck bout shit. Fuck a bitch get a hoe drop a dime get a doe eenie meenie manie mo
Holocaust Remembrance Day <3
pahahaha day automagically improved. thank you
#nowplaying Bigmouth strikes again - The Smiths
Spanish Final. Good luck to everyone who has finals.
it's a sweet addiction! RT : cant. stop. eating. sweet potato.
this could be fun.
I got tickets to the america vs chivas game!!!
you guys will be the first people I send tthem to!
#LadiesLoveMe Haha, love that song! I got every single word down!(;
Sad thing about this wedding is I dnt know the bride or the groom! Lmao!
RT : #BackWhenIWasAKid i use to hate taking naps .. now i cherish every moment of them .. GRANDMA MARIE NAPS
not much. Just pretty down today. But yeah anyhoos how r u?
Rupp comes in to score the eighth and final run to give North Texas an 8-0 win in five innings over FIU.
lol well damn when you want to get married??? lol
If I wasn't married.....
...but QR codes INSIDE the book are more successful...17K scans for The Timeless Swing.
I will!
TY for sending out a msg abt our contest!
oh boo that is no fun :( who are you going with?
On the bright side, the weather is oddly beautiful today...
I feel sorry for duke fans I hope we never sign a player named Pat Forde
never been ever!
look at the windows
EEk! Ubuntu 11.10 just about has me ready to try other distros again. Unity is **bad**.
Grt meeting you last night! Come back more often and feed Miami w that NewOlean soul! RT Miami is def 1 of my favorite cities!
Chill mode Today
I don't recall needing to contact/call you back <U+0001F633>
RT : It's #WorldWaterDay today.Did you know that the #Everglades provides the fresh water supply for 1 out of 3 Floridians?
so when you ask "is something wrong?", i think "you're damn right there is but we can't talk about it now."
Part 1 of Supernatural's season finale tonight on the CW.
Better to reach a goal early than late! Today HR FEN has reached 1,000 past events!!
I think I am being led astray from my #twittergirlfriend by ... have a weakness 4 how southern girls say "darling"
Just don't think about falling. lol You're graduating from U of M??
i sure love me some cowboys they look soo handsome and the rodeo coming up and they dress up soo nice um i love cowboys
lol true, true. Well let's feed the thought of what could have been.
In Kindergarten, we called it cooties. In High School we call it STDs.
Wtf is love faces ?! iWana see what they look like
I am a Layman takes me a little bit to grasp. Haha.
Why am I hungry now it's 10 pm, wait, I'm always hungry. <U+E043>
RT Disappointed to learn about the amount of media coverage "The Guardian" is giving to Rupert Sheldrake. It's not science
so were there hecklers?
Looking forward to lunch outside w/little D today at UMBC. Great way to start the weekend, to include surprise visit w/ Sunday.
this bull shittt
Great mtg at University Club of Phx. They continue to flourish while other city clubs struggle. Big news coming.
Drinking beers & looking 4 hugs at w/
Motivation to knocking out this paper is my mother and spending time with the rest of my family tomorrow.
Just got back from Austin's. It was fun but something was different. It was...interesting.
Three different people have asked me to do NYE red carpet interviews. But I'm breaking free and going to Stevie Wonder !
wtf?! You should have said "Thanks, hotty mc hot hot lets go get naked!" hahahah
#TheVanimal was vicious tonight!
Let's be honest, spelling lazer with a Z is much cooler than with an S.
Haha its bad when your bff txt you to remind you! We need to be on top of our Shit!
The Allstars Tour on August 24 at the House Of Blues in Houston, Texas!!!!
researching the car bailout.. does anyone know the terms of the auto bailout?
loll yes she did!
Tomorrow night we're all pulling a Carly and giving it away for free! Tickets still available, Allthesingleladiesshow.com !!
Awesome! I've met Daniel Watson briefly, seen his wares, and have been recovering ever since! Amazing!
That awkward moment when Santa and Edward are watching you sleep at the same time. xD
cupid done shot my ass
A Retweet party? #Shawing! I'm in!
that is such a beautiful ring man! Congrats!!
Excited 2 read 's new book: Let's Pretend This Never Happened. I might have to shower today and go to B&N. Only for JLaw.
...u hitting that up?
I wish everyone who thinks dance is easy could go to one of my breakdancing classes
doubt it
Thank you to for donating 3 flats of petunias to the #SilverSpring Garden Club - we'll plant them at Holy Cross Healing Garden
for my mom & my dad
#God forgive me but I don't get men who have #titties unless ur #transgender or #crossdressin. Just a thought
": its my 14th birthday tomorrow! Tweet Me?Xx 8" TWEET HER TWEET HER TWEET HER :D
Tomorrow Beanpot! Join Pabst Blue Ribbon “show your superfan colors” Monday, February 6th from 5:30-7:30. Find out how you can get a...
Thanks for the RTs and Mentions! Happy Friday :)
“: Just to be clear, "Whitney" is still airing on NBC. #disappointed” hee hee
"Ignorance never settles the question."<-- that's what my fortune cookie saidC:
Bought Starters today! Looking forward to it. :) I read the first couple of pages in B&N and got hooked!
Hope he's got enough flair.....
It is better to give than to receive
Can we make out yet?
and amazing job today ladies :) Hope you have a great afternoon!
for a long period (:
What server are you on? I'm on Helm of Graush. I rolled a Smuggler GS.
Must see movie "The Back Up Plan" with Jennifer Lopez & Alex O'Loughlin - You will want to see it again.. FUNNY
Come on Marquette let's win this thing!
THAT'S ALL!!! YOU NEVER KNOW. THAT SHIT HAPPENS ALOT ON PLANES
Car shoveled out. First on my block! Doesn't matter, still have two feet of snow in the street.
do worry you still look great
": Wake up call America! is a badass!!!!" She was AWESOME!! A mini Miranda!!
freaking insane.
Off to the airport. Quick day in Reno, then Los Angeles for #APA2012. See you there?
they did
Hey look. A new technology genius!
TELL BAILEY TO FOLLOW ME OK. LOVE YOU CHRIS.
Retweet someone once, they will notice you, Retweet someone a few times they will remember you ~
I fell ye Maxi One day you'll be able to do whatever you want and it will be glorious but missed are the days I was your age.
So long DC, so long #ala10 I feel smarter and managed to leave with only one
that would be a somewhat shortened version for those with ADD
We are at Track 21 off of highway 6. We need more people for laser tag! Come on out!
I'm excited to be on the board for #slowfooddc and get my health coach certification from #IIN this month!
can't be any more harmful then four loko
so doesn't ever tweet back :'(
Brazilian Steakhouses are deliciously evil. I <3 them.
WOAH. I went outside for like an hour earlier today and I actually got some tan :)
she had a FEAR OF TRAINS
check out my last RTs :D
Had a great day volunteering for + !
PunchMFG always pays its debts.
Lopez: "Ppl may look at her & say, 'Wow, this girl's doing great' but Ava should be doing so much more. Ava should have a normal childhood."
great talking with you today.
I just started crying because I haven't left my room in 2 days due to an extensive homework load, then I stopped and got backto my homework.
At the tennis match...I love how these guys compete & cheer for each other! SWOOP!
80% of NFL players are bankrupt within 2yrs of retirement!!
He said if you want something to happen you must have a "heart of expectancy"
I stand corrected u hav chosen to reply 3x's. 2x's in one week to my first comment& 2d. No disrespect intended, enuff said.
Didn't even know I had a spring break...thank You Jesus! We need some rest ;-)
You were looking pretty darn cute but you disappeared. Great pirate outfit ;)
Just found a redbull in my sock drawer..
Who's responsible for the incorrect produce labeling? Organic is conventional. Conventional is treated, messed with, altered.
hell yeah; fucinng right : )
5 Mile run in 37 flat. 7:24 average. That is indeed a RUN, not a jog. How fast can you do 1 mile? What about 3.1 (5k)?
thank you sir! You're a gentleman and a scholar! And have impeccable taste!
#raw10 saw an OG wearin n 2piece grn knit suit wit a FUBU shirt wit sum karate shoes. must be Bruce Lee-roy!
So we are checking in with the custom guys working on the Buggy tomorrow! Buggy is on target to rock and roll next month #FINALLY!
Can't wait to teach a class where a statement like "America is a Christian country" isn't a truism and needs to be supported by evidence.
I don't like NFL football. But the season is just starting and already Eagles mania has raised it's ugly head. For this week..... Go Rams!
lol. Who put you on cwaig! P.s I'm hitting u up this weekend about the trip
The artist sometimes speaks about a work. The work always speaks about the artist.
yay gonna beg verizon for a new phone in exchange for the same phone, not working cause I broke mine
I have to tell you that I loved American Me. It felt relatable and I just wanted you to know. BSG was great too
It's a new beginning <3
There's a twentysomething dude in this bar who's dressed exactly like Bear Bryant.
Im watching it too!
you're laughing bc you know I'm right haha, BTW Good morning
dude, aladdin is sexy....
Thanks for all the #ff love guys! Keep it coming!!
I did until I saw devour a while basket of them today RT : Anyone else wondering what a Frickle is?
ring your mum and tell her you are hosting a rave and want her to come along
OUCH!! RT Under SOPA, you could get 5yrs for uploading a Michael Jackson song.One year more than the doctor who killed him.
the cake just got done waiting for it to cool off
Fall OUtn ah! I gona miss samuel larsen (canT take my fone)
We've been getting a lot of followers lately, lets keep it up! Tell your friends about us!
What's it take to be happy anymore
Thanks for the RT! ~tail wag~ Tweet on <U+266A>
working on t designs.
yeah... wife talks always hit a man's soft spot. i want one! i wanna be someone's soft spot in their heart!!
Time to go play catch with the neighbor's dog.
You too! God stuff.
Latest Follwers: Thank you!
Good luck! Take your time and don't stress. God has your back and you will do well! Best wishes!
she has what i had ! , membee gow sick i was !
Live tweet at the today using
Thanks! “: total cuteness!”
Here we come !! Givin' out goosebumps Sunday at Bobby Mcgees Chicago Ridge !! Get your tix soon www.aftonshows.com/divineblue !!!
I'm so sore!!
did you know that justin and selena are just friends with benifits and not dating
she was great! I would love to see her in Driving Miss Daisy
Hailey passed her drivers test!!!!!!!!!!
": My main goal is to differentiate what it is I need and what it is I'm simply scared to lose." This hit me where my soul is.
I love playing music, but when I'm unprepared and have a schedule jam-packed for the next week, I can't say that I'm looking forward to 4/8.
Family bonding time apparently means drinking and watching Jaws.
#CorporateGreed where the fuck Obama at? I was about to post something about a Gat. Needed to make it less threatening, or Im dead like 2Pac
I'm going to stop working and think about this for the rest of the day. RT : "No one can utter this table."
These players can only take so much...I think a lot of the T's that are called can be blamed on the referees!
Just saw a Peregrine falcon. What was your favorite bird species when you were a kid? What did it do to fall out of your good graces?
26th and 6th...come into #TheLabNYC if you can fit me in!
Number 1 regret by those about to die: I wish I’d had the courage to live a life true to myself, not the life others expected of me
My friend made me watch some of you videos today...I think I'm in love you now <U+314B><U+314B><U+314B> Shimmy, WHY R U SO AWESOME??
Heading to be sure to check out the #Freekbot show tomorrow! Hit me up if you're upstate!
I am SO excited! Seriously. Even if it's just for an hour, to finally get to see your face and hug your neck!
thanks for the #FF! Have a great Monday!
email alerts for new followers? Geez, even I'M not that narcissistic.
Final votes for & 's Vote for a Cause are being counted and scrubbed. Results soon!
I followed her!:)
Making New Video For Youtube
Privacy should be cherished.
Looks like my back yard. =)
For sure. That hit me last night.
#occupyYourBrain Nothing will change for the better until we change the way we think about things, and change our attitudes towards others.
My type of game up and down Spurs and Clippers Game 1 >>>>>>>>>>>Clippers
no the correct answer is "WE ARE ACTUALLY ENGAGED TO MINISTER AT THE NEW DUMENSION DISTRICT MUSICAL" that's the right answer
who are these people????:)
Morning world!
What channel? What was the show called? Thanks for your kind words.
Times like these makes me miss being taken.....
Great call!#TASTEMAKERSKS Im here to help all of you in any way I can! Thanks for letting me be apart of this!
aight lets try this again
Dont think about the past
I'm a harsh person lol
Did you try the multiplayer? It's a nice change from the typical FPS junk we've been inundated with
you predicted at start of season that the Pack will lose in NFC Ch but make to SB following year. Still think that?
Morning fish crew setting up to the soundtrack of Wanda Jackson: "The Party Ain't Over."
My last three words on Words With Friends were "be" "give" and "tape". Brilliant.
- Ron, we're so in sync right now... like, ‘Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays’ *NSYNC
What was your favorite book #AsaKid? Mine was 'The Lorax' by Dr. Seuss.
There was talk a year or so ago—maybe on fedora-dev—of storing repo data in HDFS. They’re probably using Hadoop, too.
sombody tryin to play me! It's all good tho.. Where u??
Beware the ides of March...
Ps the food was homemade pasta salad with dill
omg its rainning.
Wastin my time
Oh yes dem Steelers are outa here!!!!!!!!!
yeah. It was pretty disgusting. I have lots to tell you.
Lmao funny stuff happening in Locker Room lol
MRNG PEOPLE, JUST GETTING UP, AWESOME NIGHT & MRNG W/FRIENDS & FAM. COWBOYS & SOUP TIME, LET'S DO THIS!!!!
Kitchen, Lol, , thanks for following!
OMW To The Airport.
Oakland faces a 50% budget cut to its arts funding: Action @ City Council @ Special Budget Session, Thurs, Apr 1, 2010, 7 pm
I thought you already finished the dance to "Up All Night"? Eh, either way, I wanna see it! Hopefully it isn't complicated.
Aha , jss thought bout something .
Yes. And someone needs to maintain redirection history too
jelly? Lol! You just want to see them! Lol
#WhenWillYou stop actint like a little girl & being a 2 faces? Grow up!!
Oh it's #libchat time! I'm Kristi in Anchorage. Hello all!
#SomeOneShouldTweet and tell him why they should be the number 1 Belieber
twice, right?
Php Developers in LA, PM me as I have a job lead for you in the Valley
Consequences of living with - leaving the apartment without a coat if it's over 40 degrees.. And ending up FREEZING
. we have a mouse in our apartment, and i often use the lord's name in vain when i see or hear it. does that help your coworker?
thanks! we should catch up in the next couple weeks
Tag Team Title match
life happens when you're making other plans.
Ok. Client meeting at 6:30 am tomorrow. Time to sign off from the show.
On #MothersDay pause to say a prayer for all those who would be #mothers but for the horror of
I keep seeing Google Chrome adverts around London.
“: Bro we needs to go tanning!!” fucking gay! Smh
oh yeah I forgot! And maybe you will! ;) haha
um, you're batting 1.000 with Customer Service across the board lately, aren't you?
Google Voice transcribed the spelling of my name wrong!
great fit - Combining Digital Media and Customer Interactions for “Connected CRM”
Damn, i would totally go see in indianapolis if i was old enough to get into a bar. #FuckAge!
Liverpool fightin for that 8th place EPL finish against Chelsea's B-squad
Had a blind Easter tasting with family featuring 3 Paloma wines: 06 Merlot, 09 Merlot, 09 Cab. I picked 06 Merlot as my favorite.
happy bday man
We're commited! Let us know. PM
Thanks for the #follow!
i think imma just wake up early n do my homework
Go to a club with your headphones on.
Samarai Noodles coming soon to the U-District = win! yay ramen!
no classes together this year
didn't even hit me back up today...
More rain <U+2614> in Houston!!! Wonderful!! At least my garden gets water!!
#NW friends wit benefits
Cloudy day. Old people in sunglasses mean-mugging me from their seats outside the diner. Upper East Side shit.
if you are in need of an accounting or tax firm for youself or for your family we are here to help out. call us at 718-378-2610
you know whats cool? You dont follow me! :D Haha just kidding! Not cool :( So you should follow me (; Just saying :D
I'm staring at the sun yet rain is hitting the window... What?
no power in the universe can withhold from anyone, anything they really deserve
So tired. -_-
Cruising up PCH, top down. (tank top. I don't own a convertible.) The view is great.
This is what happens when one stays out past their bed time
If girls ruled the world there wouldn’t be any wars, just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other.
Looking forward to IFTF's Future of Science workshop #futuresci (my first time at Cavallo Point - beautiful)
those cases are crazy
Anyone had any experience with #P2Plending? #Prosper #LendingClub et al. Viable investment vehicle in these uncertain times?
I bought a homeless guy lunch today.Had to feel good about myself after trying on 2 skinny fit shirts. He was crying when I handed it to him
That awkward moment when you didn't set anyone straight...
Hey, weird, another B R Meyers hit piece on the novel of the moment in !
All my twitter drafts disappeared and I am overly upset about it.
He that won't be counselled can't be helped.
all i wanna know is how much Tirico makes.
J/K
I know, very cool marketing idea.
Only thing special about this exam is that I do great and it helps colleges look at me
Made myself chocolate chip pancakes and pork roll
hows the baby?
My last night in Wisconsin for 10 days...
#100RT : I'm just out here trying to have fun and laugh because it's the best feeling...HAPPINESS <U+0001F618>
When the Boogeyman goes to sleep, he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
Two cars down at once, typical Murphy's law BS. Tomorrow is going to be a cluster.
Where's that?
cant sleepp, out and about.
If you're not watching 's analysis of this important health care decision on #CNN, you're missing really important insight.
“: pissed next to Patrick Kane today........#mifflin #legoblues”<<-- Life's downhill from here.
i miss you guys soo much :'(
Obstruction of desires by any object or being causes anger directed towards that obstruction.
Sorry Mac lovers - it's official, I hate my Mac.
lol the plan is to spend summer 2013 in Spain. :)
Why is catching spiders for ?! Evil >_<
Why u say that?
The NTS (2010) - 36.1% trips under 2 miles + 53.0% under 5 miles are by car - what implication does this have for transport planning?
True we have a lot to learn from each other and Keep it up
thanks to creative tech for their wonderful online classes.
Soccer ?? Who cares
without i dont know if i could still watch the showhe like makes the picture perfect
their 80's is our 70's!!
Step up and do what others will not do and make the difference in the world by being all you can be and know you did your best~ steve dorsey
Trunks opened.
Broccoli: "I look like a tree." Walnut: "I look like a brain. " Mushroom: "I look like an umbrella." Banana: "Dude?! Change the topic."”
#ChernobobylDiaries looks fantastic
goodman says tweeting is not nuanced enough and too fast for
#ThingsILookFor a big bag of Cheetos
Mac Miller isnt hot. He just makes good music.
Friendship is not only doing something for someone, but it is caring for someone, which is what every person needs.
" Ihave a white controller , and a white controller .... there gonna make pink" oh austin <3 lol
I've never lied to a girl about my age.
Thank you for the RT!
Sorry not to be in NYC with my peeps at
lol , I can't see whatever you put :p
This is just the sort of nonsense up with which I will not put. (Churchill, on the absurdity of trying never to end with a preposition.)
TRUST God...always <3
“You have to see it to be it. Picture your objective and achieve it.”
no, I haven't been to the Temecula region...should I:)
That's hysterical.
THE GREATEST DVD EVER IS HERE "The Best Power Hour DVD" Drink a Beer With Homer Simpson and watch the best movie scenes on www.flipcups.com
What are you doing on Thursday? Attending #pdd2012 event? We are! We'll be live tweeting all day. Stay tuned...
Say I Do Wedding Expo & Events has jumped on board Diversity Platinum! Plan your event in DC or Philly and get a 15% discount! Welcome!
Congrats to for a great event tonight! runs a fabulous org that cares for some amazing ppl.
Get your friends together and take a party cruise to the Caribbean or Mexico for the time of your life. Prices slashed! www.FreeXpedia.com
alright? You can come get them. I can't believe you are gonna do this
Everyday - Tender 8oz NY strip steak, made to order and served w/ french fries, Texas toast, side salad and choice of dressing. $9.95 RT
Who wants a house mix!?!
remember how you did it? Remember how you fit it?
do you know any data scientists and machine learning people? I'm looking for some data nerds to hire in San Francisco.
and you know this!!!
fuckin wish.. Gotta test at 6 or else you know I'd be there
Delivered my first message today at convalescent home. Humbled & bless to be there & speak & show Gods love to them
RT : Just pretending to be Spanish as I say hola and wish my amigos a happy cinco de mayo
Fox guarding chicken house.
Are there any good faithful married men? I mean no cheating men. If it is some good faithful married men. God Bless You.
Looks like somebody has a crush on his former intern. Guess Bret Stephens will do anything for a girl in uniform.
I follow back yall #teamfollowback #500aday help me get my follows up!
Are you coming to Portland yet?
Like a Saturday swap-meet, this, but it's people lined up at cable provider to swap out set-top boxes & modems.
your doing it for the wrong males I'll #neverletyourest cause youll
Nothing like having an ex stalk you, -_-
Hi Mom, I'm on TV again. No, I don't know what channel TBS is on your TV.
we're back. ;) we should get together. ;)
follow me on Istagram Loves ~
The only pro player I have left, former Yankees farmhand Michael Gardner, has signed to pitch for the Rockland Boulders.
Yours was arguably the most data driven. It was extremely valuable to us. Thanks!!!!
always helpful!
'Cuse on the ropes
haha me 2(: it's my favorite subject in school:D
THE DEVIL IS WORKING.....BUT IMA FIRE DAT BITCH ASS NIGGA TODAY!!!!
My dog dodoed and got his but whopped lol
let me spice yo TL up
WOO! : ARE YOU READY TO DANCE? READY TO ROCK #PALOOZA12!
If shawti ain't fine I don't mind 2 nickles make a dime everytime.....
Happy Birthday my dear! Have a great day! Hope you are enjoying it!
Accessorize Like a Queen With Cleopatra-Inspired Chokers TREND: Cleopatra-inspired necklace WHO 'S WEARING IT: Whitney Port, Kourtney
What? No?!Really?
blarg. Chocolate. Love the rice crispies and huge banana split!
No idea... He thinks your hot. haha! but he knows I like you.
no need to be lonely all you have to do is call. LOL
Multimedia for journalists MT : Very interesting tools!
Just recorded with the cutest little kitten at Bridgetown!
TEXT ME AFTER SCHOOL LOLING SO BAD I HAVE THE BEST STORY
#Disneysongs_stuck in my head
Down the rabbit hole again: so many great thinkers here that it's easy to get lost in endless "similar to" and "follows" list adds.
definitely going! dinner downstairs first?
Bad IRA advice just now Lynette. There are very specific rules for deducting IRAs. Doing taxes and watching. Had to respond
Heard Janine Antoni give a great talk today. Making art about motherhood is very tricky as it can so easily fall into a cliché.
NN twitter. Thanks for a fantastic weekend.
ah shit. guess it's out
coworker has busted lip & a limp 2day aftr a fall last night. came 2 work bcuz she took off ystrday & fri sick & is afraid of being fired.
July 20th seems so far away. I can't believe it'll be over though, Nolan did Batman justice.
What is your dance party? - Andrew and Lorie Mackenzie.
big brother updates followed me! they know I'm obsessed!
Good time to visit your nearest #Borders book store. Offer 20% off everything until mid-April
My most defiant of my 3 boys (now 4yo) gave me the hardest time; he didn't respond to time-outs well either.
And that's exactly why I've lost faith in Detroit.
you need a freelance #designer / #Illustrator / #collab ? --
Art Does Not Apologize!!!
Getting a lot of spam with Twitter. How do I prevent that?
NFL draft today! #letsgetit happy Thursday to everyone.
Yeah, I would probably be filing for an exemption rather than FULL HUMAN RESEARCH REVIEW.
I quote: "hey girl, later in life I shall be a charming, utterly spherical zero, but till then I'll be the 6 to your 9"
nah it's gotta be a natural cause.
They should start, Barnes at point, Ebanks at the 2, Hill, 3, Gasol, 4, Bynum, 5. lmao Bring kobe old ass off the bench
Proud to represent a great family company out of SD. 60+ years of taking care of our employees and our community. Be positive, not negative.
losing respect for every minute that hobag stays. Who skinny dips on national TV?
New Candidate Search: looking for a Senior Accounting Leader/Government Accounting in Cincinnati, Ohio.
Working at a public library has taught me that all children scream at all times.
Oh - subsequently a touchdown happened!
have you ever heard of ! i think you'd like them! :)
Such a busy little day!! New Silverflower Jewelry Designs, Ttereve, and Infamous Items!!
rt Never forget that you are unique…just like everybody else!
Laura Lawson on community gardens in 1890s, 1930s, WWI, WWII, today. Asks, must urban gardening always be framed in terms of crisis?
Chillin wit my baby girl fina watch da game
Yeah, I'm starting to use instagram a lot. I'm still getting the hang of it tho
str8 DOpe bro.
#MovieOrBowelMovement is trending, HA... why not both? I prefer to say, Just dumped one out.
:O What should I attach to my Airsoft machine gun? budget
Tune into 's NewsWorks Tonight now to hear me talking about how the city fails be transparent about its property-tax value data.
#idol favorite show<U+0001F44C>
I deadass can not have a conversation with someone from Delaware they deadass get stuck when I say a word or some shit , like lols
Buff, I have you pegged as a fairweather fan.
it's next weekend 519
it was me.
i can relate
Nice! Enjoy :-)
Since Phils pissin me off on draft day the focus shifts to Sixers/ Bulls....maybe they'll pull a shocker
just started listening to reading The Graveyard Book. yum!
Sleeping and driving is the new Texting and driving
All things are in place for tomorrow's grand opening! A great way to end my time in the #RGV!
nice congrats!!!
Staring at pictures of Anne Frank and Ruby Bridges, a visitor asks: "Now which one was the girl who was blind AND deaf?" *sigh
Ok I see you iPhone djing at quints
Oy. I could use it.
Braun just made one of the sickest plays
Hun, You don't get it.
Good name!
going to The Roxy this eve...anyone else?!
Today! Pea Banger Omelet: Irish Sausage, English Peas, Hash Brown Potatoes, Caramelized Onion, Topped with Jameson Cheese Sauce.
If I had a snare drum I'd march up/down the halls playing it. May have to settle for capirotada instead. You?
I m clean boy I'm clean
I mean Phil has more majors than Tiger does, seems appropriate
Thanks for stopping by! We know the little ones will enjoy those toy-filled baskets! RT : Decided to fill Easter baskets with...
we really do! Stop working!!
Good man! RT: “: Drinking water at the game. Staying on the diet.”
not feelingg good :/
ZillyDilly creator will be at #IRA2012 tomorrow! Let us know if you're attending and let's meet up!
"Now how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing" - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
John Oliver sighting at the MLK memorial! Neat-o.
I love , but their sales people are way too aggressive. I wish they didn't pay them commission.
LADIES, some men love it when they woman tell them to pass the blunt & put it on 2 player
Thanks for sharing this!
yeah, I could see that.
Ugh...sorry to hear it :(
what's your location?
Back home
just watched your play's trailer! Looks great! Massive congrats from across the pond!
Loved the casita at the Pasadena Showhouse!! Wonderful!!
I love you ! Everyone follow and support her
HA! Ya I almost passed out...
Grinded my way to victory (or at least, a lead, since there's plenty of day left!)
yes, overall a solid platform, the 1 drawback is the transaction costs at $9.95, a little high vs. comp
Joaquin Rodriguez was very impressive on that steep bit
Follow us Friends and get back followed
I love the sharing of ideas. And getting a chance to chat w/ ELT people worldwide.
RT : RT : you don't need to defend the Lion, just open the cage.
IF YOUR AIR FORCE ONES STRAP IF HANGIN SCRAPIN CROSS DA STREET ...YOU ARE NOT PIMPIN
crossing my fingers hoping he's gay.
So you took a poll of PRISON OFFICERS and they all said drug money? Wow! Well I never! LOL. Yeah.
contrary to popular demand , waking up and being popular is one of my new things to do today
Ha right!? Make it rain!
I wnder how weird he felt when i just stood there&stared at him&didnt tlk cldnt help it he makes me speechles..Thts hard2do wit my big mouth
mine do to smh
Trying to adjust to the week starting - no more vacation
FULL TANK! Yes! Thank you mom and dad.
sangria or mimosa? decisions decisions <U+0001F378><U+0001F37A><U+0001F37B>
#TRUTH Some people linger in our lives. Its best we ignore them. RT": if u dont entertain a fool eventally they go away!!"
#Congress: “#Afterschool programs provide a #safe and structured environment for children” –Mary
Save time and money. Let Nivula Innovative Designs help design, build, and deploy your site today! Mention Facebook Customer Code FB2011!
Prosecutor: We don't know what happened but she probably didn't want her kid so she must have been responsible.
Teen witch!!
TODAY. Lets all listen to holiday songs and drink really good beer!
That awkward moment when most of the #NewDirections tweets is about 1D and not actually about
yep and back at it again.
Where are you menggggg
Monday means #Trivia @ 8pm! Let’s test your #Cubs knowledge! Who is the only Cub player to hit grand slams in consecutive games?
You might not want to admit that there are facts known, but there is quite a bit. Sorry, but your boy is WI's own Blago.
he was! Haha julia and I got pics with him. Him and danny were in the front
We're waiting for a police briefing to release more information about the ongoing standoff here in Fond du Lac. Tweets with info to follow.
There's no way I'm gonna believe that he stands in support of today's youth, knowing full well he wants to CUT education!
Dude. Portland == beer
What did you think?!
Mission Critical: How Translation-Focused Disease Foundations May Save Medical ... - The Atlantic
haha google it! Or ask your dad lol! If you organise this part... I'll sort out the tshirts :)
lucky banana. Hey do you know if they have physiology as a science class over there? :o
"If you aren't a city where people want to live, you're not a city where businesses want to invest." -Mayor of Chattanooga
friend on Facebook just posted a video of their 2yr old climbing stairs. actually watched it, rooted for stairs to win the battle. wrong?
Wow that just pissed me of
Just met Pepe Serna at #hispz12. Cant wait for the #scarface film party on friday!
those are the best kind of friends to have!
That's a lucky little niece that's getting a handmade from Auntie Kim!
In the East.
I got one for Christmas last year...it was my only present from my grandparents lol.
Omg already tearing up at Greys <U+0001F630>
#4 Never saw FIR step out to talk to their fans before or after a show and I traveled farther than my hometown to see them
Basketball 101: If a team doesnt get any offense early in the shot clock it gets difficult to score consistently.
my queen
Hilarious moment when you see somebody you know on the food network channel. You should of picked her!!
So has yet 2 reply about the insulting nature of my shopping experience and how rudely I was treated.
polly go out and bend some corners in a minute
You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight.
Great to finally meet you. Keep up the good work with !
Going to for a nice little workout, I have a great
We have vegitarian options ;) but were glad you like our meat!
GO GO GO!!! #LAPC 5k FT
Hey it's all good Tom, I'm stoked to hear u guys are working hard on the new album! My twin sis & I love ya bunches <3
no, actually, it's a "Well, look, the most noteworthy thing in the room is not happening on stage" review.
Thanks for the BBQ!! RT : Thanks for the Lucille's Apple Butter! It taste great on my Hawaiian Bread!
ya man! he has, its good for him
*white people magic*
wow it's not just a bit for the radio, is it? Tom really IS an incredible dick.
Driving away from Schramm, I start crying. My dad looks back and goes "Are you crying?" And I go "I'm fine."
#Candid #Thursday: Happy Thanksgiving! What are you thankful for today?
Can't wait to see it! RT : Writing a press release about 's #ParallelMafia-what a sweet game!
apples vs oranges
No, cold... You can fuck off cold. I can't miss class anymore XD
Is this issue around attention a factor of how cheap a time investment twitter makes joining the fray?
Come in tonight and hear the southern rock sounds of The Mighty Short Bus, they play at 9:30!
Heck yeah. See you then. Safe travels!
European Football? Around 7 years.
Sour plums <U+E106><U+E106><U+E106>
Gnarls Barkley IS Cee Lo Green? What is this sorcery?
she damn sure does only that lady hoehoe can do that shit.
No. He's like a big bobblehead.
i'm going to do one of those fancy inforgraphiks!!@!
i cant even go out to the #club but its gonna stop tomorrow but its cool more time to spend wit #frinds #drinking and having
a meet me at da exxon by bp n burger king right nw
I've heard from my professors that it started in California, specifically as an "air space subdivision".
I just wanna see your smile. <3
Gaahh, Please help me get rid of my headache. :( x
When you're right, no one remembers. When you're wrong, no one forgets.
hahjaaaaaaa THIS IS AWESOME.
Working on some great new web pages for Thomas Hull Fine #Jewelry Creations. We built the new Website based on #joomla open source #cms !
Raw aesthetic gets a luxury relocation - The National
Jesus... I guess my mind couldn't even begin to fathom that.
Great day! Merry Christmas & good night tweeps:-)
I LOVE TACOS ...LOL
I am the question massstterrr!
#OccupyLA - in solidarity with #occupywallstreet. Their goals are our goals, their message, our message. DEMOCRACY NOT CORPORATOCRACY.
are you in high school....???
Chicago peeps! RT, is looking for new Executive Director. Apply now! bit.ly/rkrqC2
Oh n one more thing I'm going to start corset training to get a small waist yay so wonderful on so I'm done nite bite n pray b4 beddy
Is Tom Baker's regeneration? Isn't it curious how he never wears an oversized scarf?
nice to see you in this universe!
Trying to control the chaos... Aka "cleaning my room"
#WhenAustin Gets REALLY excited about something and makes a keek, and you can see the excitement in his smile :)
Do it...race fans will know
Thank you very much for the Student Writing Contest RT
miss you more!! How's thd job hunt?
"good friends: you can count them on one hand"
Proved today that just because your good at Wii bowling, doesn't mean you will be good at real bowling. #iwin!
The final third of this fiction manuscript is kicking my ass. Suppose the July-like weather isn't helping. One sentence at time, I suppose.
sent you an email. I'm your Huckleberry.
Happy Mother's Day(: <3 Treat Ya Mama Special(: <3
Follow me on instagram - Bettyboo92 <<<<< same as on here. I follow back (Duh) :-)
Stunned face of the night may go to Sullivan after he realized he scored on that shot.
A delayed welcome to DC!!! Though it looks like you're finding most of the great places on your own.
so fine
Hi Betsy and we followed you on #MaxMonday :D
me and have a cheerleading competition.. wish us luck?
What's happening people??
nobody school tomorrow
RT The forever-beautiful Michelle Pfeiffer was gifted Orlane products @ the Dark Shadows! RT 4 a chance 2 win
I like the rain today. Hope it rains tomorrow too.
not wanting to lose what you have. but thinking if different could be better
Then everything I own, I'd like for it to be auctioned off and all proceeds go into my sons college fund (one that only he can touch.
Matinee show TODAY at 2pm at Broadway Comedy Club - 318 West 53rd St. Last public show for a couple of weeks. Happy New Year to all!
Ellen DeGeneres and John Mayer in one show.. At the same time..? #perfect #dying <U+0001F631><U+0001F62D><U+0001F60D><U+2764>
7 Days of Sex sounds like a good week but could also be a painfull week lols
I can't stop refreshing the Marketplace to see if 2.1 has populated. I can't wait!!
Truth for anyone is a very complex thing. For a writer, what you leave out says as much as those things you include. -Jeanette Winterson
Joe Hachem Becomes New Ambassador of the Asian Poker Tour
“: RT : Two superstars can't beat 12 good players”
foresight at its finest
I think getting rid of my #iPhone is the first step in quitting my technology addiction. some things i will never quit. like my macs :)
This week has been ultra-productive!! One more conference call and a networking event then... THE WEEKEND!!
Mobile phones account for 15-20% of email opens. Readers less likely to click through, take action, or donate.
Nothing better than loving the space you're in ... and how you fill it :)
Huge 4th of July sale on Max & Ruffy's treats! Save 40% with coupon code july4. Offer good July1st - 4th. Give 'em something they love!
my team n I r very much respected so PLz donCOME Cr
(Anonymous) Go as far as you can see, and when you get there, you will see further.
I'm going out on a limb, but those two things are not the same, really.
hey i changed my name from to
i love judi
I have a good relationship with my mom
RT What a crazy show ! Nothing went right, yet it all worked. Thanks ! Thanks again Bro !!!
Utah's 43 State Parks have amazing hiking, biking, boating & beautiful views! Plan your Mountain biking trip for the summer!
You get what you give in this life. What are you getting? Stay Drivn.
Extreme Workout
This is one of those night I need a somebody to cuddle with. Taking applications.
...and I ball like swoosh.
U-U-UW (I was a husky!!) Have you checked out the new bartab 2.0 app?
totally agree.
#GutsiestMovesYouCanMake Giving a cat a bath.
I'm glad you approve!
hmm... should we have a competition to give away some VIP names today?.... 200 likes and we will! :)
What are you talking about? The phases of slowly keeping you in Madison forever?? Silly you.
I don't know if I should go tonight!
Doing a presentation over a NYT op-ed 'Smokeless in Seattle'
Song of the day: Burn It Down by Linkin Park. A step back in the right direction for LP.
Today, March 8th, is #OrganizeYourHomeOffice Day. Don't forget about what's IN your office: Organize your desktop and your inbox.
Waiting for important news! Pfffff
#rt for a shout out
Like a seed in a garden with rite conditions life grows! Let you idea grow in ur garden of dreams! Summer is here, make it happen!!!
"60% of Americans do not pay any Federal Taxes."
Definitely more to it - gauging performance, measuring outcomes, recommending program and policy change to get best value.
Pastors & , testimony tore up the sanctuary then she said, "time 4 the benediction and chic wings!"
this is rigged ;(
Starting Team Highlight DVD for Algonquin HS Football's Banquet 30 DVDs in retail pkg complete inc editing $1099
love me?thanks<U+263A>
is that what makes girls feel beautiful
Is that a sarcastic laugh?
And the race is on to get everything done before Obama gets here.
doh! of course. looking too hard for patterns i am
Great effort from great motives is the best definition of a happy life.William Ellery Channing
I agree. I've had my MacBook since 07. No problems whatsoever. Don't see myself upgrading any time soon
#work mode
I sent that at 10 o'clock, ass fuck <3
This not living by the beach business bites! All I want to do tonight is walk barefoot by the the shore.
Maybe running late from Fox News interview today.Not sure if it's a taped or live show.
Mayor press conf at 1:00 to prempt growing support for alder resolution extending time for tent city to stay on Occupy site.
With Northern Iowa beating Kansas...you think they actually have a legitimate shot of winning it all?
Lovely Friday
Apocalypse now. MT : Only the most popular book in the country. RT Fifty Shades of Grey BANNED in Forida libraries.
You're so welcome. If I didn't have plans, I would do it! Maybe next time :)
Arent bus drivers da best! Lol :) i bet too
just on Ustream
you should prepare yourself for an interesting encounter that might well make your heart beat faster.
Cities I'll be in today - #Chicago #Milwaukee #Sussex #Waupun #Madison It's a #HappyMothersDay tour!
Things just got real...
Qué amabilidad por compartir mi page! THANKS and THANKS again and again!
cute article about you in USA today!!
Starting on Tuesday, March 15th Burgerville will introduce you to a brand new shake or smoothie! TBA
Just ran in to at #TED. Got to thank him for endorsing Great Leaders GROW.
I want to watch That's my boy when it comes out(:
sounds good then! I'm there!
I keep thinking like I slept through Sunday lol
when someone asks to take your work home to copy, then they lose it. omg. you're never copying me ever again. K!!!
Gotta headache out dis world sore shin an my hands smell like basketball im tired af
There Will Be Blood Soundtrack segues very seamlessly into Joy Division's Closer, at least until the singing starts
While Beliebers listen to Boyfriend , i will listen to Mistletoe as a Bieber fan (: never as a belieber >.<
Hey Jackie! Great hearing from you...hope all is well! I still haven't been up your way, but you never know ;)
What is the worst victory lane liquid to get all over you: Soda, Sports Drink or Beer?
Thanks for the follow, Donald!
WE WON THE OLYMPICS
I wish the All-Star game would hurry up and get here already!
Why is Nick Lowe trending? If its coz he unfollowed loads of people, they need to get a grip!
Is that ...can I actually hear my upstairs neighbor snoring? That can't be possible, can it? I blame SUPER MOON.
I think for my birthday tomorrow I want a tweet from but since that's probably a bit hard to get I'll just go make a cup of tea!
Only in class for two periods today and it still wasn't good. Smh.
New dinner menu! ...Come check it out!
Hi! I love YOU for loving ME! (:
I <3 you very much... your lyrics are intense <3
and at St Joseph Institute reunions and pretty much every other oral school reunions. Hearing people wont' learn
that's good to hear ! :)
I am going to die you guys. Omg. Ah.
I see #snow!!! Please stick, please stick, please stick!
dude, seriously.. you dodged a bullet.
I saved you a matchpack
Another night of filming at Amar Ala Masr Belly Dance Showcase Tonight!
My roommate from the dorms at Chico State is at the same bar I'm at in Sac. I'm avoiding saying hi.
thanks so much for the follow
Hi John. I loved the old one better myself. Upper deck was closer to field & stadium noise was MUCH louder !
Happy to have some potential volunteers come through orientation last night and are ready to train! Get motivated to help people read today!
- Hm , I Think I Would Do Wonderss W/ A Simple Dislike Button Onn Fbook !
A wise fortune teller with 3 nipples told me Comic Book Men will be back a 2nd season!
I was watching Millionaire and I knew the million dollar question and the guy didnt!
For the record, if u use #YOLO as an excuse to do the wrong thing...u might as well fuck someone with AIDS. Now that's really
Circular logic. Kinda like Palin on Wikipedia. RT : But the Bible says that's all you need!!
bought my mj22 striped ebony 12 string 13 years ago. Still sounds amazing. Thanks for great a product.
I did... What do you guys, er uh they... use super glue?
yes sir!
Ah the sun is out and today there will be as many hours daylight as Night!
every single one of his songs is good.
That's one of my major pet peeves! Of course, if we modeled loving to learn we would never do that.
are you coming back
when Jesus said, "I am the vine, you are the branches," was he talking about kudzu?
Oh I sure hope not hahaha...
Getting ready to watch friday dance break on fox 10
Patron: Would an International Harvester 1957 R120 truck be able to haul an elephant? Archivist: African or Asian?
I need a link to that one.
right there with you. I'm happy that I escaped with a B- in Filak's class.
Tonight is the night! Join us at the VAC to celebrate the opening night of amazing student shows from 6-8pm!
I got tunnel vision for this Wendy's though. <U+0001F440>
Also, I now have a BURNING hate for Kris Humphries.
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - Henry David Thoreau
Lol ": Most women hate their periods. If I was a woman I would aim to praise my period. But I am not so I give praise to my
"rawr" does not mean "I love you" in dinosaur. Have you watched Jurassic park? "it means im going to friggin eat you"
walk up in the house 2 am where the food at? im tryna have it ready when i finish fuckin you.
Msg me for info
Stevie Wonder just did a special rendition of "Ribbon in the Sky" called "An Angel in God's Choir" for #WhitneyHouston's funeral.
im so tiredd<U+0001F4A4>
Isn't Naya suppose to be at a party?? But she's watching Glee with us I think.
yes I've seen ur posts Ms lady lol
I loved you in every episode of That's Life! Was sad when it ended!
Happy birthday
It's starting to settle in that in 6 weeks I'm leaving my awesome home in the woods in MD to move 3000 miles to L.A.
is fab and funny! So glad to have her at CC today
The Badger alum I am hated you, but as a Packer fan - welcome aboard sir, excited to have you!
Hang out with me and during the Super Bowl. And go to fb page and tell us your fav commercial!!
THIS UPSETS ME. I'm going to go to sleep now, I'm passing out. Goodnight and sweet dreams. c:
cant wait buddies
- Yeah! Just peeped that catalog recently. "Return to Santa Monica" - what's *that* about?
Mentions on
You can only wear your hair up one a week. Today is that day.
everything's good. Lot's of response to the column. Going on Vicki McKenna's show on Monday.
Coleman was next to me
My Dawg! “: About to head to #oomf house..and it ain't even her birthday ;)”
Prayer helps! :)
what's up luv
too late. Haha.
OMFG everything is making since now.... WOW my whole life was a lie
Angels make me laugh so hard sometimes. :)
Join Amy Zeldenrust @ Green Valley Lib tomorrow @ 10 a.m. to learn how to grow a great garden in NV. Tomorrow's topic is water conservation.
:O i was jk master
Happy Hour every Wednesday Thursday and Friday 6pm-10pm Special Pakages for Men and Women on #Haircuts #Color #FlatIrons &More!
I feel lost
I know got my text and what's the location bish!?!?!
INTERNSHIP: Mass spectrometry, Smithsonian's Museum Conservation Institute (Suitland, MD) Possible stipend. Contact
We are rescheduling our Seattle CPA ShopTalk. If you want to attend, please email me at .
City Cafe sets the pace for Midtown's Public Safety fund as a Diamond Sponsor! Thank you City Cafe!!
It's the Colorado River, but everyone calls it Town Lake. Next time you're stuck in that airport, try Salt Lick BBQ
#wtf #furthur practically sold out the #beacon in a few minutes, I don't think many tickets are left for the remaining shows. Hurry
Sorry for the quite delayed response. Chicago is really nice. I hope eveything is well.
We have just started TWITTER-ing & we need friends. Tell your guy & gal pals and stay tuned for our 1st twitter contest on Friday!
#Wyndham owners get released from your #timeshare #contract today!
Teach is back on set for Teen Wolf tomorrow. Watch out.
Lol lots of ppl tell me I remind them of ppl xD! Is that a good thing?
This is the last time I will use Fastsigns. Not happy with my service. And I made sure they knew!
Don be mad
All this while disassembling and repairing my furnace.
Thanks for the RT
excellent! thought so :) knew that chef has an API. was curious about whether the hosted service exposes API as well
Guess ill eat more of my delicious spaghetti I cooked today.
making my mommy something to eat :)
Danger time for the #Pacers, they'll get blown out in the second quarter if they aren't careful.
What is the busiest day in your office in a week? Ours is USUALLY Monday, but it looks like today is going to be it!
Wahoo! Yay, I'm glad. Now for recovery time.
Enjoy the weekend with our Sunday Champagne Brunch. 10AM - 2PM. Saturday Breakfast, Served 9AM - 2PM
Lakers gone lose
I had some fun with those, too, at that age. I bought an Elfball deck from a guy at school when I was 14.
any idea when you'll be back playing? we miss you!
"Holiness" is always a result of recognition of the love we are given and not our own achievements or efforts.
I was there for the first time as well. Can't wait to go back!
"Never doubt that a small group of commited people can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has."~M Mead
You will never leave where you are, until you decide where you’d rather be.” ~Dexter Yager
This is the Official Twitter Page of Kustomized Giftzz www.kgiftzz.com Check us out today for the latest Customized Gifts
Thanks for the follow.. we never charge extra for emergencies, holidays, weekends or nights...24/7
Hell yea, call him out kathie.
I need to eat something asap
“: When you run up against a wall, don't look down and curse. Look up and reach for an even higher, even better possibility.”
don't look now but lakers are about to find themselves in a real series
#ConfessionTime .... I piss in the shower in the mornings.
heeyy, so you haven't noticed me like ever :/ & you missed my birthday like 2 months ago
Your empathy is appreciated. :)
Is anyone following the move to call a constiutional convention--are we really just one state away from it happening?
Intellectuals are too sentimental for me.
is currently searching for good dead squirrel pics. -lauren
Callin it a wrap for the 2nd time 2night... Tired as a mutha fucka!!!! I love my sleep, especially when my babies next to me....
outside of Frankfurt...but because he's stationed there and his fiance is German.
wait one direction week?! lucky im jealous
Don't but songs on my iPad, but I had to buy new single ((:
thank you for the follow!
STAY FLY AND KEEP THEM GEARS TURNIN. YOU GOT THIS.
Watching Weldon Henson play at Blacks in Lockhart TX
Thank you so much! You're so sweet! :]
stuntin is a is a habit
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY SISTER IN LAW HEHEHE <3
I'm fine, just having fun tweeting, percolating some thoughts :) How are things there?
sorry been way too busy lately. I've called though :)
You should have your own Plow & Police Escort!!
sometimes when i'm bored i like to curl up on the kitchen floor and pretend i'm a crumb
I haven't turned on mah crusty ass TV in days.
Last night I was crying so much lol
It is. RT ??? MT issue ISN'T about same sex marriage. its about the KIDS they raise grow up thinking Bible is a LIE.
I just did
Thank you!
You know who Josh Hamilton is?
Getting an estimate for hail damage. Along with the rest of the world.
On my way back home, after enjoying 5 fabulous days in
still have Diaspora Alpha invites for those who are interested - dm me if you want....
“: I don't see why everybody wants a white iPhone. Everyone knows the black one runs faster.” the white ones work
Headed to USC hospital.. Hope all goes well
In every dispute between parent and child, both cannot be right, but they may be, and usually are, both wrong.
I hope this film comes to fruition. see you tomorrow Jeanne (with gone elvis) xo
Sorry to hear that Doug. Great listening to you each morning. Hope things turn around for you quickly.
We all have that one stalker guy... Named david.
discussing FAQs on #feedisclosure. Model portfolios are more like "guide" and not desig inv alternative unless buying equity unit
You act like a bitch so dont start sayin stupid shit when i treat you like one...
had a nice afternoon with friends..i'm mad tired noww !
The worst thing that being an artist could do to you would be that it would make you slightly unhappy constantly. - J. D. Salinger
Aww thanks honey! I want to meet you too! (:
and Let's do this!!!
Thanks for the wonderful anniversary presents today - best was spending the whole day with Love you!
because my rich cousin lives there and because you're tweeting from an iPhone <U+0001F60A>
Well there goes my spring cleaning out the window stupid tornado season.
vp of PS3 softball team
do you like your macbook air more than your macbook pro? do you find your macbook air is fast enough?
Congrats and Kristen Wiig on
I & 15,110 other people want Dylan at the next TCA's. <3 xoxo - Justine.
Make sure to stop by the table on Saturday as Abita brewer Matthew Horney will be on-site at #EABF!
yea sure whatever hater p.s ur username is dumped i seen better ones
Chicago Tribune columnist Schmich wins Pulitzer Prize
": love your twitcon!"
: we now have 500 followers! Hopefully we can get to your celebrity status by the end of summer :)
hell yea ;D
should follow his own toenail!!! & of course(:
Being loud is easy, learning how to listen is hard! Luckly I never do anything the easy way!
I hate when that happens. A very familiar feeling. I'd suggest you start drinking again except it rarely leads to good outcomes.
well, I tried that. still waiting for it to take effect. maybe a 2nd glass...
Your response should have been as follows "No, you need to find another seat." :P
Congrats! May your experience by as awesome as mine was!! Have fun!
we can make up our own coachella! lets just get some candy and blast some kpop, its kpop coachella!
Samplers at Asheville and green man brewing
haha okay are little secret! ;p
"Thank God for unanswered prayer."
I love COD we play that sometimes too
i steve. ditto. :)
what is zap?
Red lights mean stop...why is that so hard to understand?
As Clint says "deserves got nothing to do with it." It just sort of happened. Not really a big deal, IMO.
Back to "Enter the Dragon" which would be even more awesome with a Christian Slater cameo.
New song this weekend tho
need to go back to bed.
#LMSunSIG How to force faculty to use new system?
glad you like them! :)
He should offer that job 2 the hottest girl in show business! U :)
you forgot to mention Endeavour in your shuttle piece. That's headed to california.
Good news: our floors have been buffed & waxed to a beautiful sheen. Bad news: they aren't yet dry, so we may open late today. Stay tuned.
Yeah Miller is first rate scumbag.
Innovative ideas for developement, the sky is the limit from a bottomless pit, doing good and making money go together
Many thanks for the follow. Please let us know if we can help you in any way. Excited to connect.
Raise awareness for a phony campaign to raise money for a floundering non-profit? Good idea. NOT
Try driving while always looking through the rear view mirror and your bound to crash. Such is life!
thank you so much!
EZTAXI :) RT : I texted yellow cab. What's the txt # for Flash? I didn't store it. They are so much faster, too
BRACELET SAYING YOU SHOULD QUIT!!! CAR SAYING FUCK YA LIFE!!!!!! BITCH!!!!!!!!
“: RT : Gloria: the art of leading ethically is to act as if every little thing matters Because it does.
- Prash, thanks for the
yes please follow
Couldn't agree more. An unfortunate parallel.
yes he is okay. There was an accident at work, nothing serious. He needs stitches on his lip.
Tough to beat! RT : we love local craft beer on a sunny November day!
Chuck Norris doesn't use pickup lines, he simply says, 'Now.'
lol how am I functioning right now
will je pleas follow <-- that is me to !!
RT : I am really starting to get why people become so passionate about yoga.
definitely hadn't seen any of these tweets til now.
Hey, I'm planning on applying to BMI this August. Any chance I could pick your brain via email?
Video from today's DC sessions becoming available via gov2summit.com NOW
Just finished watching the Series finale of "Luther" on BBC America. Fantastic!!! Idris Elba is the Man!!!
Remaking the Transportation Building to Make It Easier to Love
Thanks bro...and welcome to twitter RT : Happy Birthday to my bro, Here's to many more.
Oh, buzz off Lavinia.
Twitter-inro: and if you don't already know each other, you should!
' I shouldn't ever be in same state as A. Huber Selig (aka aka 'BS'/'Bud'). I've got ZERO plausible deniability otherwise...
recorded cello on one of my songs earlier today. score.
My Father encourages!
I need MEAT!
burning question: did you all capture the horses that took off?!? was worried cause it doesn't look like there was fencing there
Miscommunication throughout the nation
My grind never stops...not until I'm off this earth
#Thethingis ..You suck
fyi, site's down
You don't know
Why are you talking so loud so the whole train can hear your wank phone conversation?
oh okay but draw it fast!!!
A few, including the Mayor, have been recalled. Problem is, more corrupted Cubans are lined up right behind them w/ hands out
love you Molly! Wish you were here:) How's the birthing going?
Use a VitaMix Blender with coconut water as the liquid base...or milk. Milk actually mixes pretty well with veggies. Try it.
That's what they all say. My blog is on life support. It'd be kinder to let it gently float away...
- That's it next year I'm getting on that cruise!, it always seems like an absolute joy and fun time like no other.
IE suddenly decides to not show my audio tags. This is driving me to drink.
i couldn't find my cat sarah, then i realized i accidentally locked her inside the closet outside all day. poor thing. lol
I love <3
I went to a little Italian deli in long beach yesterday and thought of u. It was so good! They have everything!
RT : Commencing countdown, engines on.. 2nite is Londata I 'data & Moshi Monsters'. :-)
What is the longest bike ride you have ever gone on? What was the best and the worst part?
#Anonymous opens here in WNY today. Feel as if I have been waiting years for this film.
Kay my last tweet was kind of weird.
Going to be hearing a lot of you tomorrow. Going to be at both ends of the DH.
wat do u think....
Saturday Morning & feeling great! Today is going to be 48°F. Come ride the Bosque with us, or try your hand at
i miss those days when you would notice my tweets ):
To everyone who needs "just 5 minutes" of my time today: Sorry, but I have officially run out.
I followed your kitty into your closet and may have lost my camera :)
I'm not kidding its the worst thing I've ever had to do
Are you ready to #dance? We've got & showing us how it's done starting at 9pm #TONIGHT!
We are doing upgrades this weekend! Bigger and Better site coming soon...
We have to be entrepreneurs of our own lives. Entrepreneurs build success through their networks. - Reid Hoffman
“: RT : Im embarrassed for dah Utah Jazz <<---- Spurs all the way!”WOOHOO
The years teach much which the days never know. Ralph Waldo Emerson
I need to develop my fisheye film soon
Cuban Day Street Party on Milwaukee St. today 11am-4pm!!!!! Then head to Coa for $2 taps all weekend and amazing food specials!!!!!!!!!
Lib operations run as business entity supporting R&D mission of an institution in higher ed. & counted 2-4% overhead of R&&D startup
David McCann is doing that already.
yes and yes
Great weekend in #KeyWest - now back home to #Weston and back to offering the best prices on #printed tees and #embroidered apparel!
so nice to have a tasting-menu-only option in town! I'm such a fan.
Is that a sly dig at me lol
Love can't always go the way you want it to.
Sleepy, headache, backache, perhaps from an alcohol- and fun-filled time with , proving that "grown-ups" can, in fact, party
haha you have to do work and i dont :P but i hope your work comes out great :D
Omg yay we are going to the beach this summer! I didnt think we were yaaaaaaaaay
thank you!
Jeniffer Hudson tribute to Whitney Huston? Shits getting real.
it was already on!! When I was putting the straw it in all shot out lol
Looking into med insurance for self employed me, any suggestions? Already checked out Aetna. Thx!
just tweet me and I'll give you status
I'm sure they will say something, but I don't think they'll say names or anything. Of course, everyone will know who they are
I don't care what the calendar says, I hereby prociam it to be Friday! Let's make it happen! Drink and apps specials start in 30!
It's funny how i know what's gonna happen sometimes... maybe it's just that gut feeling
They obviously need you & I on next seasons AmazingRace.
s/o to that girl
#np Crazy Girl - Eli Young Band ..my song to Paige
A t-shirt said: the most dangerous is a closed mind. I would like to add; the most painful is a closed heart.
I thought McGee was Gunna get called for goal tending lmfao
I actually went to a rodeo for a chic. Got up and left. Shoot me.
Congrats Gabbygail! Make some magic in the moonlight at Yale! <U+0001F60A>
love you #howardstern on #AGT !! Been a fan since '86 - you won over the naysayers!! Can't wait to see you again tonite!
so jealous. I have ieverythingelse. What's is that? Mac Air?
And oh, I have stories...
when you erase a person from your contacts cuz you dont talk to them anymore && they randomly end up texting you<<
that was quick... RT : Democrat Bob Kerrey's first television ads will run today. It's a substantial buy.
tweeting #amexbestbuy to save some more bucks
This sucks. Going to take a nap.
Well said. RT : One of the dangers of being in the wine trade is that you can end up tasting too much and drinking too little.
Listened to a guy talk about his crazy theories.
oh so YOUR one of those grudge holders from last year lol its aiyt bro. I understand <U+0001F602>
Cheerio! Congrats on the new shop in London!
Happy Australia day
Life is good today! Hope everyone is having a wonderful weekend.
Awesome- We appreciate it!
Man my mom and my cuz like okc they got to go home
Sunshine! Sunday! Winning!!!
If your ugly don't play hard to get, your already hard to want! Lmao!
Fantastic to hear your passion for giving, great talk! we're building a #socialgiving tool, got a sec to meet?
Oh yeah, that is completely her loss. :)
I also get spoken to in Russian, asked to translate Russian or asked if I am Russian every week
I learned during labor I'll be the coach.I'm deciding if my coaching style will be like,chair throwing Bobby Knight,or calm stoic Tom Landry
LoL. Im in love right now.
Thanks kindly for the Retweet!
mock all you want. No goat for you.
yo that bitch looks like Skrillex
Body doubling effective for students. Just sit with them, not tutoring.
of course it does. :)
Google has handed us the paints and the canvas, but the work’s not done. -
It's pouring outside! I think we will veg on the couch. :)
Woohoo!! Fav part of the work day...QUITTING TIME!! LOL :-)
Happy Halloween!! Watch out for those little ghosts and goblins!
We so just won that game!!!
Good to know because that was the only thing I was worried about.
Lebron going ham
Is it about catfish? If so, riveting.
- Alrighty You Gnee Head & do that . & Lhh Girl , It Aint New , Just Only New Too You . This My NEW Bf thoo .
love the show, but some commentators have pointed out that he wasn't always the most effective president.
Astral Weeks (Van Morrison)
Other Lives instore performance at Amoeba Hollywood on Monday. There is going to be a giveaway twitter-game happening STAY TUNED!!!
On the beach chillin
is back on twitter. First time since 09. Worth the wait?
#11millionbarbz Im One
lol yay we bout to see tonight
OMG i have a problem. My body doenst want to stay up and do this homework/ This is ova
I have 5 tickets for tonights #Bucks game courtesy on The United States Marine Corp. Late notice but Text me if you want them. 414-732-6681
thank you ticia you too
Tha flat black Prius going, going, #gone~
I would die In Vegas. A bed would be were I put my empty bottles and passed out strippers. Hoping they don't steal my $30 Samsonite Bag.
im cooling doe .
Banks article "challenges whose dimensions he couldn't have imagined" REALLY? Anyone paying attention knows this is BS!
Regular meeting tonight at 8 pm on Leavey 3. Who's excited?
First, round Saltines. Now, Fig Newtons will just be called "Newtons." What's next? Triangle Cheez-It's called "It"?
My sister choreographed an entire dance to that song when she was in 5th grade. I miss the bleached-out-fro-JT. RIP.
hey Betsy, thanks for following me!
Hey there! I so rarely check my Twitter acct since it's set up w/FB and another. THanks for the kudos! ;-)
Follow me so I can DM you.
#SignsYoureAtAHoodProm sum bitch wears a fucking tutu
I dont hate rebecca..but she needs to get away from Austin. Bye.
please could i get a follow for my birthday?<3 it would mean the world to me<3333
patiently sitting here waiting for you to tweet me<21 I love you Peytonnnn
Some people need to mind their business and stay out of mine plain and simple.
Lmfao #inquisitive ugh
No problem. Got it covered and the dog will get walked too. <flex>
a female rapper lol
Sweeter than a cherry pie with Ready Whip toppin'.
yes Educated Guess Cab ROCKS with the Wine Grapes!!
Is we ever gonna go for a walk!?
Mikey Here > any body want to wake up at 4:30 am this Saturday morning and run for 5 hours? About 15-20 miles?
& his girlfriend too :-D RT": I totally agree: Sheldon needs pragmatics support too! #mmpotd #slpeeps"
Dead ants found in cookie-eating girl's ears
Happy Birthday Dude!
Apartment hunting, MA-prepping, WORK, and archive building is making this the busiest summer I've ever had.
U should come to martha's vineyard to be my date @ my bday fundraiser party on Nov 20th
P2 didn't deserve a standing o but Jessica did if Joshua got one
I predict 90210 is toast next season
We always want what we can't have.
My feet are killing me
Definitely "A perfect murder" with Michal Douglas and That NYC apartment is absolutely stunning! Ranked
miss you more!
yesterday Alan Kay called it "Ma" Japanese term for "inbetween"
What time Wed for the big announcement at OWS?
": America's Got Issues."//Issues? Dude, we've got a subscription.
#YES IS THE #LARGEST PARTY #RENTAL COMPANY IN #DAYTON CALL US AND FIND OUT WHY 298-0114
It looks like wisteria.
I haven't but will take a look! “: Agreed! Have you tried Xobni?”
Well I just found the hair product that ALL bugs are attracted to.
What are u thinking about? Ur thinking too small for what ur life is to be. Let the small stuff go & go
#monstersowntwitter paws up (''')(''')
i don't want my women to ever have to support me financially thats a mans job
"To say what you really feel to that special person is very hard"
Will do! And likewise with Jess et al!!
has one more pair of tickets to see win them around 5:30!
I wish I was better at speaking what's really on my mind
Ha! Do I really want to see it live, though? (Well, yeah.)
iwillmovement.blogspot.com real talk with a Godly perspective!
Today was a good day, spend my day with my cousin got our stuff for grouptherapy and edclv (: cant wait !!
people should know things are bad when a gallon of gas is higher than milk is
Know of any commercial kitchen vacancies?
shut the hell up - everybody hates you. stop posting about 1d on fb. lawlz you think you're so cool. go sit in a dark closet or something.
Hm, very clever ;-) Let's chat more in the coming week.
Here is a tip 4 u. Tale a lazy cake dry it out and then mix weed with it. It is like smoking a great brownie .:-) :-)
loving her resilient and energetic cast.
4 seasons hotels have hundreds of individual twitter & facebook accounts.
trust me, imma try that weapon real hard today! So glad to read u are runnin again <3
Aw, I wish I was out there with you guys! Hope you're having fun (and being fabulous) at #RSAC :)
I bought some Sun. night b/c I don't want the season to feel like it's over.
I got an extra ticket....
I believe you are totally right. They are going to scare the "normal" voters away
The pennant race is over. Time to play the kids....... Wait a minute, its only April.
I hate watching tv!!
Now #NJ w/ #KarenArmstrong MichaelWolfe AlexKronemer dinner done & sneak peak of showing IslamicArt Mirror of InvisibleWorld
Revel In focuses on 10 interviews+pictorials w local tastemakers+their top 8 picks of the city. different than +Finder
my biological clock is switchin.. late nights again.
For a good laugh, Indigo Tree Publishing recommends reading some of the clever twitters about Kim Kardashian - some really funny material.
RT Don't forget Cadillac Flambé tonight. They should start around 9:30p. Should go well with a Stone Smoked Porter.
lol Rob you were one of the dancers right? Ha ha "this is semi-scary"! Lol
When you are in Love you can't fall asleep because reality is better than your dreams.-- Dr Seuss
Rewrite complete! Should be it for that screenplay.
Gaaaaaahhh!!! Are you on the bus now? Mine leaves tomorrow night at 6:40. So glad I have an 8:30 on Monday
“: tell me what happens” I'll just avoid him
usually I'd tell you not to give up, but I understand....you never want to do something that you don't want to do.
Saturday 81 degrees Sunday 83 degrees. Can't wait for Vegas!!
I finally know a lot of Spanish!
So happy to see my girl Mary J still got it!!!!!
Later today the House will vote on the Senate-amended
: See you at five, lady!
Watching the main event
Goodies Goodies Goodies!!! www.wearesocontagious.bigcartel.com
The greatest motive in forgiving others is to give tribute to the forgiveness God has freely given to those who trust him.
RT "Show announcement: Next Thursday (Nov. 10th) we will be playing our first show at the Cannery Ballroom in Nashville, TN."
My boy gone grow up be just like me
videos like this make me even more confused! sleeping on it....
so what you gotta do is find out who is charge of it and send me his info.
Mentally preparing for an 18 mile run with ...This marathon training is going fast!
If Liam Payne is in Florida I'm going to die!! Bsidjssysh
i lost my voice 3 days ago and i still haven't found it. ugg
my dad won a satellite into main event, can he redeem the ticket for cash at the cage or tournament $?or does he have to play m.e?
They say there is no way to fund the bill
Thank you! I will.
Chinese food sounds bomb af
WHAT?! Travis Birkenstock and Zack Morris in a new TV show together?! Talk about a
Hell-o from Cash Mob Tucson.
have a little. Let me know if I can help.
#HowToAnnoyYourServer get mad at me when we don't have any decaf green tea.
Got the message, it would be a pleasure working with you. kmoffitt
hello sir, how're you today? haven't talked to you in a while :-)
“: Last day home!! What should I do?” what shouldn't you do?
our ribs win the NFL Tailgate Part award for best BBQ
"The Vow" was a good movie, romantic and yet real life stuff-- not too cheesy.
will do! I haven't been to Florida in ages. Traveling with a toddler is worse than jet lag.
I think it takes a pile of bricks for us to make a home, and I’m not sure but I hear mountains grow from just one stone.
NIGGA I FOLLOWED YOU BACK ON DA STRENGTH..IT AINT DAT SERIOUS!!!
#Rangers power play is cooking tonight
Quinziato looks very wee at the front of the peloton.
just not the same without the big smiles of around here.....
Have fun at prom be safe <U+E414>
Tebow to jets is good for jets bad for tebow
Sapong on the bench for this one.
cello: the proper way to answer the phone.
Get to our website and check out our computerized postural exam! www.posturecheck.com
I would rather my apartment be infested with stray dogs than roaches...plus theyre easier to kill. All you need is a shovel.
ON MY WAY TO HOLLYWOOD!!
' Just seen some funny shit!!
I don't play with music! I just make the music!!!!
you better be. Lmao.
what movie again?
Listing to live jazz in the White House Grand Foyer.
It is Sunday RT : Need to get my life in order
PORT MEANS LEFT! I GOT IT!
Sunday March 25th - #MadMen premiere!! Oh how I've missed you, Don Draper!
Really craving right now. Sadly I am in Hershey, PA today.
Greg Popovich was born in East Chicago - what?
Woohoo! Am I a party animal on Friday nights, or what?
I'll get your blood pumping, call me cardiac.
I once tried merging my LA clothes into my NYC closet and two trenchcoats stabbed an Ed Hardy hat.
You look just like her!
you is sexy ass nigga I would fuck u
Back to work! #wedding #blogging :)
same here cigar and wine. Cheers!
"In the end, it’s not going to matter how many breaths you took, but how many moments took your breath away."
What would you guys like us to talk about in the Documentary?
hit the club like where was all the hoes at?in a lil change you gon’
Diamondbacks-Rockies Preview
Slight tummy ache guess I had to much
So, I've developed a taste for beer...and lost my taste for coffee. My world is turning upside down!
Thanks. I like Jones and Louis myself. Think one of them could stick.
damn dude
#TheBestThingInLifeIs Gods love <U+2764>
are hot?
Checked out the MJ Prince tribute, all i have to say is "Annie are you okay? Annie are you okay? Are u ok Annie..." it was incredible
I felt the same way. My email - asking me to do a Poster Session - came today. Thought I had been forgotten.
They are great, despite her mother!
next time! got an on-campus meeting so will be in office tomorrow. will send good vibes to #rva #coworkers!
how do you know?! :O
LOVE the 6-word memoir - what great exercise idea for your kiddos. RT Bringing the #6wordmemoir format to Reach this week.
Check out the Masters 2012 Facebook Tab that I created in Shoutlet 5.0. Took about 20 minutes with no coding. Let me know if you want to h
SMM Camp has just started and if you are not here...you are definately missing out.
Your first twenty minutes of the day can determine how your day is going to be. (Go to daryldorsey.com to get off to a better morning)
False. Do we need to have an intervention?
#WeCantDateIf You Smoke.
Mostly a pain in your ass! Thanks for putting up with me for the last 7 years. I love you
I said all along that City would bottle it and Utd would win the title again. It was in their hands and they are falling like so many others
or iWanna do some molly right off a girl clitoris. yea iSpelled the whole word
what are they saying?
RT : The Promise of #CommunityAction is we make America a better place to live.
Great album!
Thank you! I hope you're doing well in your new home, job, life. Miss you on
We might as well avoid El Masons all together and just get drunk instead
A painting is never finished – it simply stops in interesting places.
hey Julia!! How are u?
HIS LIPS ARE DRIPPING HONEY, BUT HE'LL STING YOU LIKE A BEE.
dude tht movie was so sad. one of the 2 movies tht teared me up ahhahaah
The New York Rangers play the New Jersey Devils tonight!! You should totally watch it!! :))
I'm trying to place my order, but it keeps telling me me zip code its wrong! I want my Y&R!!!
Hey, but Salieri won the Oscar.
don't disrespect bdog! =O
OMG THIS CLASS SUCK ASS...2X
I had a dream today was Saturday
I would have loved to of gone with but I didn't have the money
Sometimes your friends get on your nerves without doing anything wrong.
I have 3 sons so it breaks my heart to watch this interview but I have to say what a nice polite guy the brother of #Trayvon Martin is
Yea ima go see him today RT Is mamma or someone already going to visit Jay-Jay ?
lmao. Oh gee. Freak out bro.
I need some good music in my life..
Rat yelled earlier "Why is everyone wearing dresses?!?!"
So obsessed with kale right now! 4 cups & 3oz of steak! M!
Son is laying in his bed composing music on his harmonica. It's driving his sister crazy, but I think it sounds like heaven.
I had to walk all the way to the library. Then all the way back to my class to get money, then all the way back to the library. Smh.
show was on fire tonite. Cleveland pride
me too imma hit the sheets night #SafeSexWednesday and #StandGrand(:
I'll be back, getting ready to see my babys!!!
i dont have a phone.
YEAH.... Except oh wait. They changed their minds and are back on. Yay! They're tugging on my sanity strings.
Band outing tonight at the show @ 7th St Entry. Can't wait to see them! Their new album is fantastic.
NBC just showed a shot of Braden Holtby's mom...she can barely stand to watch....awesome
Oh, & new (to me) ingredient for a better gimlet? Agave syrup. Don't know why I hadn't thought of that. No simple syrup making necessary.
hey hey buddy claude~ good morning and have a great day <3
Thanks for the retweet of my flood pic! Have you read #CrawfishBottom by Doug Boyd? Interesting stuff.
Want to gallery sit Great Gifts @ The Bridge this December? Tweet @ me. Must commit to at least 2 shifts to get the 30% discount.
"Walked in the lunchroom, what did i see? 3 lunch ladies looking back at me" - overheard on PBS just now
Agreed. RT : Judging more applications. The breadth of innovation is inspiring! #Startups rock.
that's actually smart thinking haha
they screwed up the NCAA tourney one too many times, so now he has declared war.
Watching the super bowl with the fam!
The bus smells like ass
My fav part to teach!!! RT “: Today in 1607: Colony settled at Jamestown in present-day Virginia.
JERRMAAAAIIINE PAUL.....I haven't been so stoked for someone to win ever....about to cry right now..
That video makes me love you a million times more.
My oldest, while playing goalie, blocked a kid's shot and said, "I'm like Anthony Davis." Yup, I love that girl, #BBN for life.
can u follow me?
why is it that I never want to sleep anymore?
I was going to take the test but it did not have enough pictures.
18? What site?
Messages on surf board reads: "RIP #55"
Bets on how many likes today?
My boyfriend is looking extra cute in his tux! Haha have fun tonight! <3
Just registered for #sxsh social health meeting in Philly next Monday. Can't wait!
DAMN MEMPHIS INTERSTATE STAY ON STUCK MODE #ShidCrazy ON
Arrogant people have the most to hide.
Sometimes i just listen to song's instrumentals...calming.
Fun to see all the people #sledding in Whitnall Park yesterday; hope more have the basic pleasure of winter motion today! Enjoy #mkesnow!
I'm TOO nice sometimes...
I have invented a new shot, I'm calling it a skulldragon. Fireball Cinnamon Whiskey, Southern Comfort Pepper, and Absolut Peppar Vodka.
hey I saw ur video I can't believe there doing tht to u it's ur opinion like really!!! (btw I loved ur shirt)
#KPUHuntsman huntsman is introduced
and Ruffalo's Banner was really sympathetic. He looked like he'd been through hell but was still holding together
If Falcom games have taught me anything, it's that you should NEVER trust a minor character that shows their face next to their text box...
RT : Watching , for the first time. C/o 09
i am in Turkey,its so hot and we r having so good time
RT Psyched to meet with great group of Forward Thinking Biz Leaders, & more!
Eyes are gettin' heavier.
Ah! Why the hell are you making us sit on the floor. -_-
A BIG #SUMO shout out to all you HARD WORKERS!! Keep doing what you're doing! It pays off...
Finna eat nd take a nap. . .
#herworld how many girls have a vision board?
#Quote ~ Success is determined by those whom prove the Impossible, Possible. ~ James W. Pence
Luis presenting on CAA at CCSF CTE department meeting today!
RT Trying to kill a spider but you missed and thinking, "It's going to kill me in my sleep"
My life is finally falling in place. Thanku lord it is only because of you.
maybe today's the day to buy lotto tickets haha
Just because I can't kiss that, doesn't mean you can't kiss that.
because they're ALL pigs! Like, its undeniable! All women must just now be gettin it tonight. Lol
how r you baby? <3
": I'm in the house who wanna dance?! Come see me!!"lets make a movie
The best marriage advice I could you two is that you don't get mad if you're kid eats skittles and plays video games all day long.
Your words can bring life or tear life down. Choose to be an encourager; the world has plenty of discourage-rs already!
this made me frown. Then smile.
You deserve it after all the long hours you've been pullin'. Drink up!
Taking advantage of the groupon deal at Tackle Box. Psyched for the crabcake sandwich!
haha i'm widdit! we definitely need to get a good lunch in.
Morning! No ma'am. I've been traveling will check shortly.
I just had a life changing experience.
It benefits the man because he has a strong woman standing behind him. Supporting him. Willing to compromise&work through thangs.
Remember, liberals. Corporations are people. But gay people are not people.
You gotta be kiddin me
Just passed a Peter Lik gallery.. Definitely stopping in there before I leave.. I could see his work a million times & never get sick of it
- I got in trouble & parents took phone away I'm going to go before school tomorrow to finish the project.
There is NOTHING quite like a good shave after a week. Accompanied of course by the other S's.
Networking with at Lester's!
“: TNT just showed segment on Clippers History of Success . . . . about 5 seconds long” lol
Want to exchange follows? let's support eachother. There is a promotion site that is free on my profile.
ohi'm so sorry
Eat too much at Thanksgiving? Try our Mini Pollo Verde Burrito today--$6.50
meet & greet passes plus tickets to #CD101DAYSIDEB on the way to win!
Happy Tuesday Twitter friends!
#WeWontWorkOut if you're some organic freak.
Video layering is like a gigantic sandwhich
Getting concert tickets lol you?
2 reasons to be thankful. Check out the new Thanksgiving sweepers
I know folks and NGOs in Dakar and Mbour, Senegal. Tell me more....
RT Happy National High Five Day!
LETS GO CANES. Ray Ray Armstrong with the fumble recovery. Canes Ball. Miami 21, GT 10. 6min left in 3rd Quarter.
S/O
cool beans :b
Dale Hunter looked so unmotivated to continue coaching NHL. Back to London and the OHL where he'd be happier.
It's a great day when you can wake up to a laugh... intentional or not.
Your welcome
Think like a man with the best friend <U+0001F60A>
would frontline fundraisers even want u to set up a socmedia dashboard for them?
made my civic duty.
lol omg this is my picture!:O
The fall colors are definitely popping. Great ride back north from Illinois today. Beautiful day!
I don't come up with zingers like that too often, so when I do, I'll certainly take credit for it :)
is robynbanks lol gosh u don't tweet me no more I don't be feeling loved smh
It'll be funny when Mitt Romney announces his VP pick. Everyone will think he's lying.
Happy Thanksgiving to all of you!!! Pleased enjoy and cherish this day with your friends and family!!! Terry
why not?
Wearing sweatshirt.
Thanks for the follow back! Hope you've had a great weekend!
wow that must have taken you forever
nice! That's when you know it'll be great night
Everyone knows Carlos is the only boy I text or wanna talk to right? Making that clear for who doesn't understand.
Busy #CV council agenda tonight. Consideration of contract extension for AMR for advanced life support and ambulance services.
Goodnight Twitter!
i know right. Just admit your dating and call it a day
Also press outlets who are not invited but buy WWDC tickets to cover the keynote. Apple should offer limited # of Media passes.
Late night waffle house hashbrowns!
why is this happening? reality tv "expo" wtf? www.realityrocks.net
What's your favorite song
I wear my shades in and outdoors.
My nephew has downloaded all these games. I'm throwing tomatoes and papers balls in trash cans and peoples heads.
Indiana roads are crap
Can u follow me? thanks :)
The Cha Cha Beauty & Barber / Dairy Air Collective sale is coming along swimmingly! Check out the preview here: mydairyair.blogspot.com
is back in the saddle - flying F16's in Colorado is a nice contrast to Iraq!
me too and its only 11 am
You might try Katy Sai
#WorstRapLineEver um all of them.
Be the ball!
Why do everyone's families like me more than their own children?
#MoneyMovies "Set It Off"
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! UP TO 65% OFF!!! EVERTHING MUST GO !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Up and at it this morning. Lots to do before heading to the Yum this afternoon.
Drop me a line if you're going to be at the Winter Bash in NYC tomorrow night hosted by Would love to meet you at the party.
this situation will get ugly RT : Yes. RT : Would anyone else like to see the make Jeter an offer?
Rome wasn't built in a day and neither are relationships.
You still trying to get #56 ???
I never knew what all the fuss was about. But now Everytime I see the burger king commercial <U+0001F60D><U+0001F60D> yes please! <U+0001F44D>
#actors you are an original we love authentic
Welcome all the new romance and YA novelists now using my Writing A Great Script Fast Workshop for story structure. Free YouTube classes.
okay sweet just let me know when your wanting to do a shoot or something thanks :)
#BkSq is hosting Shamrock in the Square w/ March 10th. Get your green wares for the parade the next wkend!
So glad everyones telling me that Coach Way told the whole guys soccer team about my golf cart incident at our fundraiser last fall
MT : Hey! and I are teaching Topics and Tools in the Digital Humanities this spring. You should take it!
For extreme radio - www.freekshowradio.com
Santa orginally had a demon that dragged the bad boys and girls to hell
What industry should I be looking to purchase stock in, biomedical or technology?
lol i wish it would stop snowing!! . your welcome :D
Millimeters can be frustrating.
Ha-ha-ha! Nice. My fantasy Vespa! ...or for inconsiderate tools on the road.
At the #craftspokenhere reception celebrating #contemporarycraft. Everyone looks amazing!
Man, the iPhone feels tiny now!
Loved the Urrea podcast! Definitely going to Powells on the 7th to hear him speak. Adored his piece in your Mysterious Issue.
what happened to the old hair? Lol
Peyton Manning to the most exciting team in #Miami. The #Marlins. You heard it here first.
ACOUSTICS! LOL (x we cool.
not when you play it all day and it stops your hustle!!!
Thanks! I was wondering about that ;)
haha ik!!:) I text u but someone doesn't answer!
I don't run for "fun". If I run past you, you're going to want to catch up because something bad is chasing me.
' I shouldn't ever be in same state as A. Huber Selig (aka aka 'BS'/'Bud'). I've got ZERO plausible deniability otherwise...
Its about to go Down! (kevin hart voice)
Happy (I'm not religious or have kids to give a fuck about) Easter!! Yay Egg hunt time!!
Ugh, I hate that one. For me its kinda like death row. Bring on the hangman because I'm no longer scared of the dark!
Justin called us sexy WHOOOOHOO lol:) love you Justin
Real men don't wear PINK, they EAT it ;) x
Mane you already know....
Branson, Missouri.. Tons of deer heads everywhere at my hotel! It scares me but inside... I like it!:) Oh
same here. Spent the last 4 innings nervously rubbing my thumb over the D on my hat...
On my way to pick up some Post Workout Creatine! Yeah Baby!
I feel ya! Inconvenient!
<U+2665><U+2665>Yay! Mom let me stay home from church! I couldnt fall back asleep so Im awake... For now... 0.o<U+2665><U+2665>
They were probably just very busy this weekend and that's why they turned ordering off. But we'll keep an eye on that, thanks
Each day is a day closer to what you want to become and pursue in life.
Tourists and locals alike scream for Lee’s Boston Cream Pie Cupcakes. If you’ve never had one, you gotta try one. Or two.
Before WDW had all the physical caches pulled, yes. There were only a few, but we got them. In 2002, we placed one at IOA. Cheers!
Never felt so alone.
Dont be black and play ball with Hispanics they get mad if your natural talent comes out.
ha, i know what keeps you up at night..disjointed spreadsheets and lack of tracking. back from maternity leave and ready to chat
hahah yes!! :) i love it here because cody always comes here :')
Great day to be on the road visiting Indiana students and teachers. Today’s stops include Bluffton High School and Blackford High School.
What's up Twitter? What going down on a Friday night?!
This evening I'm going to see Dave Mescon in Haight-Ashbury. We haven't meet since 11/May/2001 in Colorado. That is 9.93 years ago.
Happy Holidays from me and mine to you and yours!
are you still comping? If so you are brilliant, your work is stellar! If you are done, I hope you are eating good food & watchin tv
North Korea...holy shit
And for the love of sanity wash BEFORE using restroom.
Spanish test tomorrow.
We done did it again boyzz... Fuckedd up tha nite but too bad rowdy went to jail!!!!!!!!!!
We're in Denton Thursday at and in Austin on Friday at Both shows with our buddies Leatherbag and Last Joke. Yep.
Penalty Union! Cheeky pk. Very nice. Philly 1 Columbus 0.
Well, thank you very much.
I'm in indianapolis and some douche nozzle is wearing a hat. I'm reporting him as a terrorist threat.
Alcohol lowers your inhibitions
I hear you on the allergies. This wind and dust don't help matters either.
We are all connected to one another in the heart.
Youngest daughter talked me into wearing matching fedora hats to the K Derby party. Then five minutes in she chickened out, took hers off.
Had a great day 2day and was told I was beautiful so had a fabulous day
cant wait June 3nd, show's gonna be crazy.
Seems to me there's lots of extra armed officers on d.c. Metro. Wonder what's up.
uhu i know hw to glide thnks to wassabi if u dont now who wassabi is then go YouTube n put hoiitsroi n u will now now who
I am from the old country Tehran Iran!!! Iran number 1. Iran Number 1 #WWF Legend
yeah but im no batting 1.000
Wake -6.5 for the second half seems like easy money
Yeah. Once I heard the Biggie remix I looked into Viceroy. In fact, it might be the only Facebook page I've liked in months.
if they dont rebound consistently & play big in general theyll really have trouble w okc - those young guys are too active
Baldridge mobile teaching findings: remote learners performed significantly higher on post-test than traditionally taught peers.
New Girl is the best show. Ever. I bought Hulu plus just so I can watch it over and over! <3 love you!!!
Well, to be honest I did have to look up the second guy, but you talk about the first one so much I know his handle very well!!
And i lost my job recently but a few days later i got another one! So i already have money saved for la from gambling. Its in my bakpak!
what's the error? did you try googling the error first to see if anyone else has had the issue before?
u got it man lol
From a guy who has been watching since you opened for ICP, I am majorly happy for you and what you have accomplished
Miserable in Chemistry.
deserves more then 1.2 million let's trend #1Dto2million ??
awesome spanking penz!
Got my offer letter and pre-employment paperwork late this afternoon. After 25 months, I go back to work Monday morning.
I tell mine, (if I trust them) I'm turning in and to make sure they turn off the lights and lock the door on their way out
I hate when I get to that point where I just want to give up on everything. . . God give me the strength
Steve Jobs Johnny Cash Bob Hope. No Jobs No Cash No Hope. Please RT.
Yeah like replaying it all the time! Or stopping time when I hug Hills! :))
And she's wearing yoga pants too!
People that are constantly updating their status on Facebook<<<
Might hit up the pool later on. To hot up in Florida like fa real yo
A Bedtime Story For The Ages - Huffington Post (blog)
Great bunch, so excited for June! RT
Today is going to be a fantastic day. Period.
had a good day until this fag called me hollin
what did u do now?
JP + RT...living, breathing youngest children.
$3.70 more & you can cop a nick sack is all I'm saying.
2 degree low in Madison today--stay warm out there people!
Yup i definitely saw you. Me and my friend were most definitely staring haha.
twitter+facebook+youtube=youtwitface.com
Thanks for the bday wishes ! Spending a nice day relaxing with my mom :)
yay, back at you:)
RT : Sitting at the airport drinking a brew waiting for 's flight to land
Canola. Done.
I liked that, thanks!
Do you have a Tumblr blog?
The mind will tell you what you'll get from letting go that you're already getting from holding on.
He couldve stayed longer !
I Cried When you said we'd be together forever but you left me on our anniversary.
tell me about it. job #1 --> job #2 today. no outside times. hoping for later this week!
Follow me I want to get to 150 by like Monday<3 I follow back !
Thanks. Just remembered to tell my mother not to call 10 times like usually does. :) good luck!
I'm a Hobbit lover too. They're also filiming a production of another favorite, The Runelords. vote on actors
What I would do for more than 3 hours of sleep a night. I don't understand how people live this way!
Judging from my trip from JC to Kingsport, I spent too much time in New Jersey
marinate and grill, no smoke.
dang! That sucks. An yea I just don't really know anymore. But dude I can't wait until believe comes out!!
Oh coffee, you smell so good right now.
Seeing things that are not really there...
Depending on the medium and what they claim, I can give you a rough idea of how their doing what they do.
thanx babe :D your too!!
yeah I played a 20 hr session, not sure how many hours I player seemed like 10-15 hrs a day
thought of the day part 1: some journalism that is stenographic. it's endangered by the fact that no intermediary is needed.
Z before work ;)
that's awesome guy! We go in sunfay
Scared me for a minute! I thought you said George Zimmerman !
moe Monday's
Never forget...the p is silent as in swimming.
LOL: Florida vs Kentucky. The Wildcats have taken over this game like the true paid professionals they are. I am enthralled!
RT : Argument for internet poker....I don't know any pro poker player that developed the Alzheimer disease...Anyone?<---just you!!
The thing that is making jazz healthy today is that people are coming out of other backgrounds - from rock, folk, ethnic music Billy Taylor
Q1c #PR is the editorial side of marketing,PR helps your brand report the news and be the news
vale! If you swipe your finger across the tweet like we do to unlock the iphone it'll give you the option to delete it lmao <U+0001F60A>
Death makes angels of us all and gives us wings where we had shoulders smooth as ravens claws. - J. Morrison
Ten minutes late to class - still in my seat before the teacher is in the room.
Tune in now for The Songwriter Lounge "Sunday at the Lounge"
no fighting fellas.
really?! Ohmygosh, where at?
Sign Up for Spinning at 5pm & 7pm Today for the Hottest GROUP SPINNING IN CLEVELAND, class start's at 6:00pm and a Second Class at 8pm...
Chinatown coffee at 5th & H NW, or Peregrine espresso in Eastern Market, are the two best IMO. Or sm coffee bar inside the Mandarin.
haha, love the hat.
Jeremy Lin sounds like Matt Saracen
attempted to give Bean a pill w/ pill pocket treats. apparently the pockets only work w/ a cat sized pill, not pills as big as Spree candy.
RT : 1st victory is also big win for Rickie's sponsors
of stop if I blushing
killer headache
Mermaids Dragons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood go cold!!! NaLee2010.com
You won't believe what a Vancouver parent told a police officer when asked why he locked up his autistic boys in a caged room. kgw at 5
Winning not always the major part of the game. Let my opponent exposes themselves entirely by showing their exclusive strategy
Lunch in 30 minutes!
Thank you again, #clinteastwood, you rock and your commercial was awesome. BTW, Obama is an idiot.
walk coming up this weekend. Can't wait!
Though an adult should never puke (unless it's from too much to drink), I think I feel better now? Hope I don't throw up in court.
We didn't know we had half the police department per capita as San Fran. Who can do a fact check?
i love you bud
i got you, thanks for watching the "Crew Love" cover. <3
Monday Gym! Legooo
The Auto Defiance is led by enigmatic songwriter Bradley Boyer. Text getautodef to 88704 to check them out.
But, I have been forever grateful to my parents for giving me the gift of a smile that changed my life.
good pic up!
When did get here? And are there really double J's in Joyce? lol
Craft for me please. I'm stupid when it comes to crafting things.
you gave been killing it recently. Love your posts. I set a colleague start on the civil war.
Wow just woke up! My body needed the sleep.
I wasn't note taker, assume the Berker- team will and them
Lunch at Vincenzo's today, then I'm off until Monday!
It's a beautiful day for Brewers Opening Day, too bad I'm not there but i'll be listening to the game...#CHEERTHEBEER!!!
lmfao I'm still watching skins too
THIS CARTOON FROM MY CHILDHOOD WAS WEIRD! I FEEL SORRY FOR THE TRIX RABBIT HE JUST WANTS SOME CEREAL!
"Experts" eat crow RT : What's the biggest storyline from the NFL playoffs the last 2 days you'll be talking about tomorrow?
That pizza I just had was good but the cheese was a bit tough.
I need some breakfast in my life
been down all day. been monitoring it, been using torrentz.eu for now
Guess how much T-Pot weighs??? Place your guesses here:))
So true. We've had our share of Macs to fix because of this denial..
Please say yes! l - you have about another 90ms to decide if you want to come on and debate with me tonight. Your call.
? RT : RT : Nude guy gets on stage for Jesus And Mary Chain. Gets taken down hard.
Leaving a fancy party in yacht club cloths to go to a civilian bar with a new group of people increases your #JudgingLooksRecieved 10 fold
The hilarious moment when someone tries to make you jealous, and you actually don't give a fuck. ¯\(<U+30C4>)/¯
I love that about the internet! Xo J
dont forget to pack your boomstick for the trip to SF
There r very few celebrities that tweet anything funny or interesting. Other than & a few others. They r mostly very boring
it's playing on the Y100 radio station website
Have a wonderful day today! :)
#WeWontWork if we can't come to mutual agreements
i honestly dont know if the Lakers can beat OKC 4 times.. but im with em.. come on OKC.
Strength training started,train tickets booked,knee still messed-up.www.action.org.uk/sponsor/moya.
Next up, summerfest passes
Now that's a crowd
I want some freaking sushi is what I want...
I have caught a Coachella cold. Achoo!
k I'm gonna get a room at the eldorado for free I'm jus working magic right now haha
Leyland was probably looking at Porcello's pitch count which was 103 pitches. Still a good outing for Porcello.
Hey there, you're actually already on it :-)
Downey's bowtie is moving! Unlike this sketch.
That's it. You're out of the club.
You were a child rapper?
haha i dont even now how she followed me:D seriously 1 day i checked my yshoo and it sed there chachi gonzles is following u
Someone shouting in the backround. Anyone hear it?
Don't miss this! Join for Digital to Print? 'The Kit' Raises Eyebrows on How to Succeed in the Alvin/Edison
BB King & Buddy Guy playing in #DC next Tuesday (8.30) @ DAR Constitution Hall @ 730 pm
RT Red Sox yielded a record 9 SBs tonight (we're only in the 5th inning), tying record set Oct. 3, 1913 at DC.
Let's make it 3 in a row.
I think Shane may have lost a finger
Actually the order of things prevails. Sit behind someone, exit plane after them. Simple concept worth appreciating.
It's funny how concerned you are with me. Get over yourself and stop acting like a selfish little brat.
hey berner! did your piece air on mtv yet??
that's what I'm saying, I asked my mom not to go to work this weekend bc of that
tweeting out to new followers today
OMG MUST ¦F¦o¦l¦l¦o¦<U+03C9>¦ <U+25BA> and she will help you gain 1OO+ more followers within minutes! #HURRY and
hate seeing my honey leave but enjoyed the past 2 weeks. :( Going to try to focus on the wedding plans.. 5 months to go! :D
Had a great lunch w/ at Harbor House #Brioche Bun
pls keep us posted on Pryce's performances. Looking forward 2 seeing him onstage.
I'm sure you have friends
Alotta people I used to fuck wit are gone damn
me either, now I get why people say they miss high school. I'll miss it
Working on some new WKND designs...and a ill project for mr porter
amazing vid my dudeness but I'm really having trouble looking u in the eyes as you sing lol just to dang sexy and to much
It takes most men five years to recover from a college education, and to learn that poetry is as vital to thinking as knowledge.
how was the #LaJollaHalfMarathon ?! Perfect weather!
I was Metaframe(d)! | Your Ottoman Empire
I helped make a robot automatically aim and shoot baskets, started a star trek parody, and temporarily had my hair braided.
misery loves company!
My job is so easy it's not easy.
Thanks for the RT!
Kissing pink.
Came across my $1 bill that says Beautiful Series. Glad to see it knowing that series was a true turning point for me. Thanks
Bobbleheads are great for minor league teams like the very creative and local funny fare
Had a fab meeting w/ & today! I think will be producing lots of fun this year.
why do you need a new twitter!?!?
Thanks for the follow. I like the Night Rider mixtape, great stuff!
Sherri baby was amazing! You go girl!
Oh noes! :( Pretend the clocks are...the sun and you will go blind if you look at it. Hahah :D
I just saw this! I miss your odes to Padma.
I made this acount becouse i love Austin. <U+2665>
using Dropbox for sharing non-sensitive docs, on-campus secure email for sensitive docs, and SpiderOak for the in-between.
#TheStatusLounge by 6/2 3p-8p l VIP w & + sounds by l Food & cigar specials
In that case, they can pick the song!
Salted caramel + Frangelico and Nilla Wafers?
Thank you Kristina!!! :)
Good to see the #Avs offense killing it!
are you at shakas ?(:
Watching trey songz shout out
Yup, formatting meeting is even worse than I thought.
Power out, near West side. Where else?
Where is the message?
Siri, at least a part of it, on iPad3
It's big enough to display a book page & faster than clicking back & forth between Acrobat & ID when correcting.
Dude! RT : If you can take the heat, get out of your kitchen & into for hot wings (emphasis on hot).
I might go to the club tonight and see if I can bring a girl home. ( 3
Welcome to the twitterverse!
Let me get my ass up & get ready for work !
About 50% of adults have never taken an HIV test. About 25% of people in #Cleveland have #HIV and do NOT know it. GET TESTED!
LOOKS GREAT!!
I need to hurry up and get off work before I beat this kid ass
I just read an article in the Irish Times about this. It sounds like wonderful news! Congrats 2 you guys!!
Bryce Harper is good but cocky as hell. Hope he chokes his debut. I'd love to see him try & blow a kiss to a major league pitcher
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW!!
I didn't actually realize but I haven't seen the last 3 or 4 episodes, but I did luv it in the beginning
im gonna be a fairy for halloween, lmfao.
Will do on all counts! Thanks.
You are needed!
maybe after a while....but for a short period of time it would be so nice.
Omg found out stuff I really didn't need to know I would have been happy to find out 3 months from now
Salaam reminding us how good 's Dancing On My Own is. Resurrecting it from the gay slaughter.
Im trying to arrive close to one of my roommates times too so we can share a cab.
I'm proud of you!
Someone tweet me(:
thank you!
Walking 8 miles & then Dr. Pete saying let's stop at Mrs. Curls made it better :) <U+E33A><U+E43F>
how can constituent who encountered systemic incompetence& corruption in CA family justice system talk to staff in ur office?
First a brown out, then 3 days of very spotty internet, and now some very uncooperative electronics... are the sun storms the culprit?
it looks like my Power is Back Skip
yeah that's fine :)
What do you think is the best song to play on piano?
This person has not set up her iCould yet...
Just started skimming this. Thanks.
Lesson #1 for today: make more use of lists created for Twitter. Lesson #2 - see lesson
Great watching #kodm on iPad from comfort of home on #springbreak. Thx & frnds! Q&A for is fascinating.
Swag Princess You should follow me !
thanks for coming to our Tweetup last year! There's something planned for #iste11, but Kari won't tell me yet!
Wouldn't you be shocked to see commercials for storefront theatre suddenly?
The good man is in agreement with himself, and he grasps at everything in accordance with his entire soul #Aristotle NE 1166a13
Chevy grad commercial good but we've seen it Soo many times
Napping with v on a Sunday afternoon. nothing better.
i see that being a problem in the future.. fuck it though its now and im young.
Treating me very well! I managed to escape a bad winter this year *and* landed a full-time developer gig, so I'm lovin' it here!
FYI, the link to the Bailout segment doesn't work on the MSNBC page.
i really do
Great run... but the pit stop? :( RT Excellent 6.5-mi run, complete w/ pit stop behind undisclosed tree along river
work work and more work roll on 5 pm
RT : is a better golfer than I am
.: Here we come OSU. Battle for Ohio. UC
I like Colin Kaepernick. Big guy, fast, and a rocket arm. If he goes to a good team he could be next Big Ben.
Starting to contact people in regards to the PSA we are shooting in two weeks, it is going to be absolutely awesome and timely.
thank you for the kind words! a great country with tons of great citizens :)
Homecoming was stupid.
Thanks to for making our #rde12 a tight ship
She said this aint that VS cuz everybody know ha secret, she said this that Bed Bath And Beyond....
soon enough!!! Don't be a stranger
I think I've said "Damn" 5 million times tonight. Sometimes, I don't understand why some have to go so soon, but God knows best.
#vaumc11 "The chair says, 'Whew!'" Bishop Whitaker is doing an awesome job.
Back pains<<<<
oh Vegas!!! Lucky girl!
RT if you are getting your #brunch on today! <U+0001F373><U+0001F35E><U+0001F37A><U+0001F378>
Remind Me Who I am! Great reminder that we are God's Beloved. So glad I breathed the name of God Today!
just missing your fabulous makeup skills on my shoots!
drink one for you and mca and tell chris he is bollocks! :) ... what up & ..I'm quite buzzed
Week 1 continues with #P90X #AbRipperX and then shoulders and arms.
Fab Design Tip: Decorating your home is a journey. Enjoy the process and the unexpected inspirations along the way.
How will you enjoy this gift of great weather? Come see us for a yoga class tonight before starting your weekend.
Play ya part
Oh, she's protective - a good quality!
"I would rape his face....so many times." >>>>me dying laughing
Holy collapsing Red Sox Batman, the Rays just took the wildcard!!!!
do u follow me?
BTW the return of DAVID WALLACE to #theoffice (which may autocorrect I just discovered to throbbing- watch out) has me looking fwd to show
"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value."
What up FB Fam!! I hope everybody has a blessed and productive day..
"You don't need more time, you just need to decide" - Seth Godin
Only my boyfriend can drum using a sink and his hands and make it still sound good! XD He's silly <3
Grown men riding skateboards
"A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in the students. -John Ciardi" Good one!!
but thinking if EVERYONE is remote, it may just work. going to look into setting up an all remote meetup :)
. thanks for all the ideas lovelies! Xx
I wish I could be there!
Only do what God tells you too as most people will do all they can to tell you what they think is right
Seriously? That's priceless.
yo my name is Jimmy keener, I got a big weener, put it in yo mouth, and don't call me a beaner!
Malibu Country is the place 2 b, Nov 2nd on ABC, watch as & the entire cast r sure 2 bring u lots of laughs!!!! :))))
good luck!! Im sure youll do fine
When I see kids around my age around Buffalo walking around in local band merch like they're all cool. Pshhhhh...
was wondering do you see my posts at all or do you have to follow me?
My pants are from The Buckle and the fit is called "Carter."
Even if she wins or not; it's the point
-it's my birthday, i'll get high if i want to. can't deny that i want you, but i'll lie if i have to.
We can't wait to see it!
What's up twitterverse talk to me !:-)
POSTPONED: Bernice King's event Thurs. (5/10) in #Shirlington. Will tweet when her trip to DC is rescheduled. cc:
Mentally preparing & positively visualizing building an efficient dept. that successfully helps people w/ med/bh needs get ins. coverage. Om
I like when I get exactly who I want ;)
& what would that be?(:
Thanks! Put in our 1st offer yesterday. Waiting to hear; seller has till 9pm tonight. MT : Good luck with your search!
Thanks for the shout out!
Our 2011 Online Winter Auction will be going live in just 2 DAYS! Stay tuned for more information and a link to the auction page!
women tweeting negative #notetofemales? a perfect example of women perpetuating patriarchy.
I'm mean to repeat wrong numbers too :o)
Don't worry about me.. You guys go do you like you said. I'm out so
nice to meet you too sweetie. :)
Here's to the Directionators who love Lewis!:)
haven't heard that in forever !
If you are looking for the hottest Gay Places in Orlando go to www.hgpof.com the rest of Florida go to www.hottestgayplaces.com
please tell me you bought that.
thanks for helping us spread the word. We appreciate that.
When you need nothing, you will have everything.
Not there explicitly, but it's a recurring theme. If I even say a man's name in passing, someone pulls me aside wishing me luck.
That's their thing.
1.COLTS-LUCK...2.REDSKINS-RG3...6. RAMS-BLACKMON(PLEASE) YES I'M A RAM FAN!!
Im soo tired but i cant fall asleep :(
Some random number called me & is now texting me. Won't tell me who it is because I "hate" them. Girl, why are you trying to talk to me?
happiness is hating you
I was happy low key
Excited about her valentine day class party, my 1st grader promised, " yeah, we're going to boogie...around our classroom". Such joy.
Know from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing isn't to stop questioning.
lol hope y'all ready for that
Thanks for the good article - relating a highly discussed acquisition to intangible ad metrics, you are brilliant
Happy Birthday :D
Thanks Jen -- I hadn't seen that before. I just sent them a question via Twitter!
And voting cross-party? Why don't the absent reps complain? Word needs to be spread about this shit.
Hi Im GORGEOUS GIRL
Thanks! I'm pretty sure I still have a Hackey Sack exactly like the one in the pic.
Any suggestions for a new video for me to record???
Try not to look at a picture of Joe Morton and not say "Oh shit, thats Miles Dyson".
Ima be posted up chilling all weekend. No Kam. Thank u
Just felt an aftershock! I'm really over this earthquake thing now.
Nfl.com analysts have the first team potentially picking Heyward-Bey as the Ravens.Nice for a McDonogh boy to make his NFL home Baltimore.
I know I'm a bit late to the game, but Girls' Father, Son, Holy Ghost album is fucking fantastic.
Morgan got me up with the birds I love my unborn baby girl
WHATS GOOD DENVER
i'm beginning to think it was unwise to stab myself in the finger with a power drill.
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to your posts.
i mean finish the quotes!
Love that commercial RT : Um did anyone else jut get an ad for "FarmersOnly.com" ??????!!
get Spotify already please
today for film ACT OF VIOLENCE. Beautiful print, riveting story, intense performances.
probably outside on the stepss. x
How to Profit from a Kindle The Kindle is a hot-selling product. People like reading, and more and more are switching over to digital boo
At first I read "butter" not "butler". Yeah, that was confusing.
Great way to end the season. Look forward to 2012-13.
The ride departs at 6:30pm and will loop back to Public Square at 7 to pick up any late arrivals before continuing to The Academy Tavern.
"If you have a child traveling with you, secure your mask before assisting with theirs." It's important to take care of yourself... first.
Birth parents stalking adopted kids on Facebook - ParentDish UK
Awesome. Great start to my summer. This better not be a preview of how it's gonna be...
guess who wants to pump it?
Join U.S. Department of State minister counselor Dr. Judith Baroody for SIS drop-in advising tomorrow 3:30-5pm in the SIS Atrium.
Or a lot
it wasn't funny tho' until you taped it haha
true that man :)
Heading with & fam to the last showing of at the 10:15 AM. Come see & spread the word!
Survived Fargo blizzard & now safely in Minneapolis.Grabbin a late dinner @ 8th St Grill.Marketing kickd my butt 2day. #beer&burgerplease
yeah & don't understand the materiality of the digital enough 2 see that it's still things and space, just different kinds!
all is well
yoYO Misfit_toy m'friend n pal0mine.. tech9iner here from his biz twitter acct.. keep'n tags on ya for FBI profit someday! LOL;]
No that was a type error. I read that first last year. I dropped the link as soon as I saw a captive audience.
Beautiful finally in New England.
Finally able to keep food and liquid down.
Nope I'm not. Might have someone I could put you in touch with that will be at the #ChicagoTattooConvention in Feb though
Oh don't get me wrong man, I LOVE Orjan's music, but when I think of Legend, I think of AvB, PvD...
“: Wut up world! studio session today, thinking bout big plans ya diggs”
X FACTOR!!!
what happened that you thought it was so awful?
I will! And thanks! I like #BunnyMichael myself
“: Congrats to and on the big #Giants win.” Thanks. Let's figure out wildcard game watching.
Great talk going on at www.FocusSociety.com join in on the talk .
Can't wait for #60Minutes tonight as they pay tribute to Mike Wallace - the man who invented the tv interview.
even al capone would hit on me in this new flapper dress.
Cool hopefully I get to see you before you leave this time
What is hail ? Hard boiled rain !
Lexi's going to live. Arn't you so happy!? She just had some extra blood around her head *i think* so the docters (c)
LeBron is that dude...
Looking forward to a weekend of holiday cheer.
We can heal bodies, but can we feed them?: Access to medical care is essential, but if buying wholesome food means long drives to dis...
Thanks for the RT
Wow! It must be cold!
I hope so! Everyone should get to see it!
#iplspring major breakthrough: In re Owens Corning Fiberglass Corp. (Fed. Cir. 1985), color pink accepted as color TM, not functional
": "5 O'Clock in the Morning" Classic!" Yes it is :-)
whats up man
It should be in the iTunes on the laptop at your place. Search for commix or fabriclive 44
...no clue. Was asking for a culinary inclined friend with too few Twitter followers.
As a girlfriend of mine recently said; "It doesn't matter if the word isn't bad in Europe, what matters is it is in US!"
When you get a run in your tights <<<<<
How can we remember difficult histories without re-opening wounds? Can we harness them to build a safeguard against future wars?
Does nobody out there know anybody buying up full tilt money?
I really need to see u and just hug u
I can eat two dozen wings and feel stuffed, but if I get a whiff of a fresh batch, I got to have more.
My plan to leave the NC Democratic party in shambles when I leave office seems to be working!
Freedom is not a license to do everything..
someone text me...
First national episode of tonight!! Honored to be part of the family. RT if you'll be watching!!
At the sunspot above winter park!
Wolfe and Monument today 11-2
Wearing my hair curled by myself for the first time to school.im scared...
loved meeting her fans at Holiday Party last night at MIA so well done!!!
The moon. The 51st State.
ESPN knows that Mizzou isn't the only or the first team to leave the Big 12, right?
sex is to simple to let it make negative life ripples i luv puss i luv nipples..
GameStop or Best Buy Gift Cards up for grabs when you get up to 20 friends on Playd!! Limited Time Only!! Follow and get the app!!
LOL this show is creatively bankrupt. RT : 'Glee' EXCLUSIVE: New Britney Spears tribute this fall!
I meant luck* but look is good too lol
What are the PayPal numbers?
what's the score of the games brother
followed you! :)
We understand the SENSITIVITY & IMPORTANCE of medical deliveries. We deliver to hospitals, medical centers, clinics, & even LTC facilities
So we got the day off tomorrow...but I may just come in anyway. Recruiting is a beautiful grind.
Thank you it's always a pleasure seeing you in action! You are San Franciscan's life line. Look forward to you being Mayor!
Q: Why is it good that accordionists have a half-ounce more brains than horses?A: So they don't disgrace themselves in parades.
Jump around. Jump around. Happy leap month!
sounds like a kin of night!
YES! (If you bake more cookies... xo) OOH! Can I tag along on the media-fueled happy hour, too?
Congrats to all the winners so far and *thanks* to for giving them!
lol...Thanks! And I know...they have beautiful rugs...
. Fear mongers will distort the truth to convince younger workers to give up on the program.
not a great piece of theatre, nor great staging or interpretation of history, but i still really liked it: story and message
Can I twitter from my phone?
All you have to do is mention the word "walk" and Bella's running towards the door.
//Same here! I think we can do some incredible things. I'll be in LA in June for a few days, I'd like to meet again before then.
Tweet me guise.
you are not the real Alisa Reif! Imposter! I know her very well and you are surely not her!
all high silver...
you're not alone! It's tough to put down what you're passionate about!
Everything bout skating!
#fridayreads Finished Last Stand by Philbrick & learned lots. Just Started Good Graces by Lesley Kagen.
Glad you liked it!
lookin at this preg-O she gettin bigger blood
Im assuming your playing flight B with 6pm start vs the insane 9am start time right?
Once again,
Hahahaha some things just never change at PHS
Ringling Bros circus is coming to San Diego in July. Have not been to the circus in years, even though sometimes I feel like I live in one.
I LAICH BROOKS!
they need money so they can do stuff, like make an album, sell shirts and stuff, and go on tour!
Everyone has to vote for roshon fegan on dancing with the stars now on ABC!
Great, thanks!
Way better than what i heard earlier, funny how ppl force themselves to say and do things but whatever
I'm doing fine also
Lots of Fusion Martinis were had tonight!!! Yum!
Semi's tossed like a child's toy in Lancaster, TX. Roofs gone in Arlington, Crosby Elementary hit in Forney, loses roof.
Success really doesn't mean that you look good, or feel good, or are good
Also I want to put some new videos on the site but I'm tired of these wack ass videos coming out of AZ. It's getting worse and worse. Smh.
all the wonderful stuff is about you, you should know that by now. Can't see my tweets so don't know what you r referring to
Landed in SF. #oscon was awesome! Now to write it all up and start planning for next year.
hope it is all change for the good and doesn't happen too quickly...now if we could only move 108 out of the school zone :)
Goodbye my Love! Heidi Watney leaves NESN to be Lakers sideline reporter. Damn you Kobe!
Dip tick.
crap? A hot Big Mac?
Demand the best from your brunch.
Can I please drum as good as Matt Greiner? I only know some August Burns Red and it's fucking hard.
"Freelancing means walking from the West Village to the Upper East Side and back because you don't have enough money for the subway."
"Oh my God, look at yall except Ladarius. Anyone else hurt in the accident?" Hm....Holy Fuckin Shit Indeed bitch!
Hello Twitter! I sure have been busy with so many things going on! I promise to be on and tweeting very soon! Much love, DW!
“: Sophie is beautiful!” thx Shelley. Hope all is well with u :)
i drink and eat whatever gets me drunk. but last night we had captian morgan
Do i know you? RT : Omg youre honestly just the cats meow.
seriously spellcheck, how the hell can you not have "tournament" as one of the auto-correct options?
He says that CO2 isn't the main cause of "Recent Global warming" & and only addresses one issue. What about melting ice caps ect
Now seriously Wake, what's it going to take to get you out into the bullpen today with Beckett starting...
Broccoli: “I look like a tree.” Walnut: “I look like a brain. ” Mushroom: “I look like an umbrella.” Banana: “Dude?! Change the topic.”
Beginning to think that the Sandwich Artists at this Subway are actually lunatics who killed the original staff then just kept making subs.
T-PAIN? Thats great news! Let's talk soon about visuals and next video shoot. Whats deadline for T-Pain?
Thanks for the Mention!
Great Pick for best hair! RT : 's hair style! ^^
Man just realized we are leaving tomorrow night for SMTown, I'm not ready but I'm looking foward to the break
It's 111 degrees in LA. Maybe we'll just stay here... :)
and the app store, and the incognito mode, and Chrome's simplicity, and.....
Ha! Noted ;-) I'd be in good company! Will think & let me know if there's a particularly helpful topic.
The administration KNOWS what Paterno will say & how it will devastate the University There is NO excuse 4 any if this activity
you're too funny, thats off limits, you can't talk about Larry's junk ;-)
just watched "i saw the devil"... way too gory O_O
Another hot overcast day in the land of Magic 86°F Current: Mostly Cloudy Wind: S at 8 mph Humidity: 76%
—outstanding investigative report—#police leave many questions unanswered and look foolish—great story I-Team!
The just voted to restrict over 700,000 Minnesotans’ constitutional right to vote.
yo tits. bitch
yeah I thought so lol. Up for sehri?
Drinking Adobe fizzy water. Good thing I don't need the tool.
Where God has his church the Devil will have his chapel. - Spanish Proverb
I'm working on websites and developing a presence on the internet for the topics of children, education and retirees making money on the web
ok it's driving me crazy... what does liil mean?!!
I would love to be your girlfriend "All Day"! lol <333333
This nigga think he clean your snapback fake and you got on uspa non cool
I agree outcome is very important
Testify on my nigga.. I'ma blow up yo house, for the next few years I'll be in control of the south #TheHottestTopic aka
Some haters make me wanna ..eat marshmellows.
trust me, i'm pushing for a supermoon cover, but old man is resisting.
Ha! This is ONE AMAZING BOOK MY FRIEND!!! WOW and WOW LOL!! LOVE U TOO!!
you're like the 10th person on my list that's been hacked...so I knew not to click the link.
Pain and Gain Set Photo with Dwayne Johnson Cooking a Severed Hand
I would say so! #libmade Librarians here made history yesterday (passed the uni's first open access policy)
I apologize for that tweet to my beautiful black women ahaha
why what's up?
i chill like time itself got froze.
Actually, on second read of that story, I find that headline misleading. Cleveland, as far as we know, is still shrinking.
omg me too. I want to stab everything. Everything is making me grumpy.
PoetryByMe. 10 + 10 equals 20 . I rather have u then the money , one day ill make you mines , until then god send me a sign *___*
I speak the truth. CP3 said he wanted to be with the best team in LA. The Los Angeles
Bitch please ..
I'm fucking tired... Aaron needs to wake the fuck up so we can get my amp and shit over here so i can go home and pass the fuck out. XD
off to the POOL! hellsyeah
Why is it hard to believe that it's cheaper to shop elsewhere?
sorry but payphone sucks!!!! I love you Blake Shelton
That sucks... why can't OSU serve its ban this year when our playing was horrible?
i know but they had the game cj blew it
aye you mad!?! Chhhiiilllllllllll thirsty was hot
Is Wade Phillips still the coach? Can't tell the difference.
I really fuck wit the art work to btw...
NBA players wear the same thing every game. Rondo sometimes wears a headband, then doesn't. That means....
happy new year
cannot wait to Have a half n half in the Sahara
After a surreal, star-studded weekend, we're back to work preparing for our annual #Christmas concerts at the !
Up early and not sure why? Looking for new fun appetizer recipes. Any suggestions?
Running on a few hours of sleep blows
The Clapper people need to expand their services to thermostats so I can turn down the heat without having to go downstairs.
thank you for the RT
I got hoes , I got hoooooooes ! With different area codes (area) area codes (codes) HOES ! Lol. Ok I'm officially bored now o_O
There r holes in mah pants. dont play with my holes unless i say so
great find w/ & story abt Brian Regan. Successfully delivered to himself
Cranking out a PR plan It's been a while!
I'm about to order Pizza Hut & make them deliver it to HML again ...
I'm ready to get my tanning on....
Nigga say they ballin they in the stands If it ain’t bout business don’t shake my handEverythingIdoWeh,weh,weh,weh,well done(x2)
Thanks for the RT :-)
everything's gravy!
NEW Items arriving daily. www.leodys.com
Some ppl tweet the corniest lyrics in the world
Thanks new Followrs! I followed back. I have a big weekend planned! Eat, Sleep, Poop, Eat, Sleep, more pooping, maybe a hairball. xoxoxo
We're sold out! Thanks for the support today, we will be out here tomorrow at 11am.
all my check ins originate in path n get shared out to other social networks.
So proud of right now I could cry. So happy right now I could cry. I.love.nashville.
I KNOW! If only I were blonde *sigh*
I Want Some Chicken Nuggets c Donalds Ugj
Why do they let you have so much fun?
When people are blasting rap music in the middle of the night . -__- I dont care if you "go hard in the paint " I'm trying to sleep.
"we're living what we're singing, so I guess that's a step in the right direction"
me 2 man I found some fire bro
I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass. ~ Maya Angelou
OMG Justin's hair
The few. The proud. The 90's kids
Only two finals away from getting to see in Wisconsin!!!
“: Qdoba in Nashville great deal tonight-2 full meals + chips and Queso = $15” double meat?
first day of work in the office, except it's not an office. It's a space aged art studio loft. SO COOL. AND I CAN SEE NATURAL LIGHT
Who's watching the GRAMMY awards?
took you long enough.... eight years coming, lol. technically, student is the LONGEST career you had..... lmao!
I guess the parents working little league announcer booth/music don't know the lyrics or meaning to Pumped Up Kicks.
on designing sites in photoshop "Static mockups fail by definition" -> Solution: prototype in the browser.
In need of cupcakes for your big event coming up? We offer "industry discounts" to hotels, caterers & select business partners! Apply today!
I need more guy friends I used to have a lot
Sour D x OG Skywalker & instrumentals. New #ViBEMusic coming soon W &
so excited to see you!!
To K-town tomorrow. parkside
I thew away almost al my clothes. My mother has no choice but to buy my new ones >;D
Bye MiMi lol she should beat Danni and/or Gabbii ass before she left !
how you duin!
cant wait until this saturday SOLO FEST WOOP WOOP !!! last year got a 28 out of 28 for instrumental and a 26 out of 28 for vocal woop woop!
Who wants to make 500 to 1,000 dollars a week from home without selling anything... No nudity involved (yes this is real)
Ex has disappeared for good, it seems.
Today is stupid.
My prediction: Prince to #cubs or #mariners, 8yrs, $180M.
WOW! I'll have to check it out!
Why thank you! I really appreciate that :)
Army men <3 yummy.
There's an album cover in that photo somewhere. Hope your ankle is okay!
Good movie!
yeah.. i'm ok. I can't date Lacy either cuz she is taking care of her grandparents on her dad's side when she is off of work.
Thanks for the mention - I'll be sure to check out your site! Please visit www.GetDealsTextedToYou.com too, thxs! Tammie
#CelebsThatLookLikeTheyStink Newt #Gingrich- he looks like a pig one can assume he must smell like one as well
Hey buddy! Randomly ran across your profile, working GG was fun. Good to see your new film trailer. Cheers.
Settin off my hubby's phone
Thank you for the RT's and engagement in #b2bchat: #FF too!
la dispute<333
true that.
You keep it copacetic And you learn to accept it You know it's so pathetic-Local H, Bound For The Floor
And the reality is that govt will one way or another! But if we stopped paying folks 2 hav kids! Things would change!
Tune into FCCfreeradio.com tomorrow from 9-10 to catch a very special acoustic performance
#YouWereCuteUntil your personality got in the way.
Man!! today was a long day!!!!
Dang! Rangers, you're doin GREAT. woo
Thanks for the kind words!
psh... Whatever Dr. Turner... Wait, wait, wait... You're not a doctor? Then a lawyer, right? No???? What!?
Haha, true. I just felt a bit ungrateful tho b/c he's treating and I was like "wha... he got us the cheapest seats possible?!"
I didn't know that jazz studies was even offered as a major, that's neat! Is he almost done with school?
you're such an asshole. i luh you!
RT : : Happy International Beer Day! "To alcohol! The cause of and solution to all of life's problems." -Homer Simpson
This is a TSA security announcement. We are now at threat level "Lemon".
Sign ups for the Spring League's have started and will end on April 18th, if you have questions email
Bitch I'm high of life
Apply for a Tech Position That Doesn&#39;t Exist
Looking back at old.messages and thinking " Man , have I really changed."
imma fail this chemistry test -___-
I'll be here!
Everybody want to make money, it’s perhaps the best money-making opportunity of any kind, for the least time investment required
thanks for the RT! :-)
attack the enemy today sir!! #letsdothis!
100th tweet! yay i just thought id post this for the hell of it.. haha
NF follow back
hope you feel better soon
Concerning? Reviews???
Coyotes fans complaining about playoff suspensions? After 15 years, they're officially a Phoenix team.
I had a busy morning, an exhausting but fulfilling afternoon, and a horrid evening.
Do porn stars get turned on watching flicks they've starred in and is that narcissism or just a natural reaction to porn?
Let me know when you are in DC, love to grab coffee '06
Love the socks !!
After (M)onday and (T)uesday even the week says WTF!
Self-harm more common in bullied children - OnMedica
Alyza Lewin rises to defend Spinoza in closing arguments. The "red lines" of yesterday are not the red lines of today.
Thomas Troward on the process of visualization: "Having SEEN and FELT the end, you have willed the means to the realization of the end."
She called from work and that put a smile on my face. <3
“Strange how a teapot can represent at the same time the comforts of solitude and the pleasures of company.” - Author Unknown
The Holy Spirit will always lead you to Jesus.
It doesn't matter how old you are. if a balloon is about to hit the floor you dive for that shit!
But it turns out making rice krispies treats IS like muscle memory-- comes right back, even if you haven't made them in 20 years.
Another page for your brand to help get your OWN content in the first page of search results...Google + Brand page.
I didn't forget your birthday!?
Sometimes I feel really uncool when I don't know what a single one of the trending topics are about.
Working in a 100 year old building= lots of power outages. Breaktime!
My Week with Marilyn was superb. Bravo Michelle Williams. I think I'm in love with Ms. Monroe as well.
Sad Oliver Townend retired, but its better than getting eliminated. Better luck next year!
Im pass Boss Status like 2Chainz say im just doin me daily cuz everyday pay-day i put dat ish on repeat everyday on my way 2 work
so thankful I had acupuncture after that epic FAIL of an eye specialist appt.
^ Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. Dale Carnegie
OMG!! R U READING MY MIND? please please please teach me or show me I'm so lost!! I want my own site bcuz every1 cant c facebook
not bad. It's suppose to be eggs and olive oil , but in India beggars can't be choosers lol.
About to go live with my ol pals Happy early Monday morning!!!
What up fam
preach it
Baseball scrimage tomorrow!!
That mini heart attack you get when you think you lost your bus pass <U+0001F631><U+0001F612>
I have just discovered that if you mistype "to get" in just the right way, autocorrect makes it "Tibet" Not even close.
I don't know if midge is up, I'm out, EJ will be fine.
great pic of you. You are so pretty!
happy mothers day to you too!
Had so much fun at my job's holiday party! I know,
*look RT : You hang around with trash long enough, you begin to talk like it.
Watching stream for #OccupyBoston He's so professional!
Ditto on that! Me too!! : I need to take a trip to ATX to visit my longhorn family..
He's a stud. Plain and simple. He also has 6 more RBI than the next Cardinal.
It's so god!
When I die all my art , paintings , drawings etc will be molded into my coffin or blown up
thank you Julia
Really need to do a lot of thinking because I'm really feeling like it should be me and only me
Boy bands singing about cyber sex. Yup. Thanks.
Run into a store and ask what year it is. When they answer, run out screaming, "It worked! IT WORKED!!!"
LMFAO! Happy Thursday! (: and Good Morning!(:
Omg this debate is fucken awesome
Love taking people to places in Jamaica they've never been! Next stop Lover's Leap!
Brought tears to my eyes! RT Today's Google Doodle will make even the biggest Valentine cynic smile.
So excited about Ghirardelli brownies being on sale. It's the little things in life.
so felt the same about Madonna last night. but you still have to admit that overall the halftime had serious
Thanks for all your love and support!
you're goofy
ha. Two twitter accounts might get too confusing!
I'm get my tattoo this weekend
#Thebestsound is hearing the boom of the bass when Wiz rappin'.
It feels like Friday.
It's so nice in Pdx! I sure can get use to this.
OK - That really was funny ;-)
My diet definitely went out the window this weekend
Watching back-to-back live comedy shows again tonight. I did something right to get my life to this point.
hey!!! please follow me :)
Attention WORLD – rocked it as TONY. as MARIA! Fierce. Thank you for coming to !
Audition Tip: Don’t bring any song to an audition not memorized and prepared. They have a tendency to thumb through your book.
Seth Myers: If I come home from Las Vegas & tell my girlfriend "No apologies", I'm pretty sure there's gonna be a follow-up conversation.
Some men just don't know how to take no as an answer
Thanks, Michele, for the follow!
The startling conclusion to Chapter One--two new pages today!
- yeah! But imma be outta town this weekend
2.8m on dinner break thanks for all the encouragement. 8 left and we enter the thunderdome at 7
I think I would prefer the 12' and just use the lane lines as boundaries..what's your thoughts on 6' advantage?
That sounds excellent. I think more and more employers are starting to pick up on it.
unfortunately not, sorry...
#iwantyouback I miss you I here it all the time
I wonder why RV didn't go with a right handed lineup tonight. Flowers Lillibridge?
- still can't send the DM, I think you have to follow me
getting so many beta invite requests for mycincylife from people i dont even know then i am from my own friends and family hahha
you can do that? ...really?
One hour until the easiest day of the year to calculate peoples' ages.
as a whole, yes. Chopped liver. We can do better.
My Mentions >>>
I recently became obsessed with "The Supersizers Go" on Cooking Channel. Related: 1970s food looks absolutely terrible.
is on the circuit promoting next film! What a great spirit & genuinely nice person. Where do u find energy after #RedTails?
ugh. I hate greyhound racing. When will people stop abusing animals and allow them to run for fun and be happy?
sure you did, thanks so so much!!!!
okay that's cool
Have a Firehook Bakery Croissant for breakfast!! It's an all butter crescent shaped croissant made from scratch-delicious!
Parking is here in Galvez field - thanks
yes, it does although it just started. I need to jump in asap. Follow/promote
I love udon. That is all.
Fantastic!! I'm counting on you next time!
I'm to young to do porn. And scared :P
#ATTENTION Independent Artists if your interested in performing in #ATL #HittmennDJs Launch Party,cc with your email A$AP
Thanks for mentions
I can't believe tomorrow is 's last day at school. So many tears are going to be shed it's not even funny. #gonnamisher <U+0001F614>
Fuck math dog be a rapper instead!
Happy New Year! Have a safe evening & we'll see you next year! www.blackforestremodelandtile.blogspot.com Portland's Remodel Expert!
AND I-E-I AM NOT SURPRISSSSSSSSEEEDDDDDD!
Building partnerships shouldn't feel like door-to-door solicitation, i.e., "Can I put you down for 2 boxes of chocolate thin mints & 1 MoU?"
I'm looking for someone to interview for one of my sports mgmt grad classes. Interested in what you do. Have a few minutes?
Thanks! It's good to be back!
Remember if you smoke after sex youre doing it too fast.
Ah, it's barely December, and the teevee is already prepping us for snOMG. Yay!
We only get our local little paper. Cancelled bc only one teacher read the other and it was expensive
I can get you on the list. I have juice.
France is fabulous.......Miriam Sarbac from the Asperger Amitie Wall has done so much for the Aspie children of France. A GREAT MOM!!!
took my first class there yesterday. LOVED it and can't wait to get more involved!!
I don't recall them having a feature in the past asking you to find the differences between alike pictures.
Hey All my theatre friends. New Federal Theatre is now on Twitter. Follow them at
Here's a tip, put some pepper spray on your eggs. One spray and your south of the border.
dang slow #cousin moment lol
So sorry to hear that. Can you DM us your Zipcard # so we can take a look at what happened?
He think he balllllin
All good, brother. Wasn't a request as much as it was a quip about 90's music. At least it won't be mmmbop
Live music by the Galway Guild!
stop you guys. What if they aren't having sex. Thought these people were your friends
I like broccoli I just choose not to eat it :)
did it happen to you? Ad laying in bed
Cuz you're the best!! <U+0001F49B>
Are you planning on attending the concert, Lance?
Out of $1500 HORSE. Ran awful Disappointing cause that's the event I was looking forward to the most. Out of $330 super w 10s vs As 22 BB
Bells please tweet me in French LOVE YOU please :) You are my life you are beautiful funny Talented <U+2665><U+2665>
RT : Hop Slam is now on tap! UGH! I used to live 3 blocks from you and could walk there when I was younger! DAMMIT!
I'm not happy that I'm awake right now... I have a headache and would love to be asleep.
Can't believe my final semester at #SDSU starts so soon! I plan on enjoying these last few weeks of break!
Looking for the best, easiest app for using multiple Gmail calendars on my ipad. Need to be able to turn calendars on an off..
guess what? Todd did some bday shopping for me at the mall. 2 shiny fingernails this year. Thought you should know.
Please join Bath & Body Bistro at Mama's Minerals @ Lomas and San Mateo tomorrow from 10-4. 144 vendors, music and food. Should be fun!
Gas, Food, Walmart Gift Cards, Watch www.gasandfoodvideo.com then sign up at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd I will supply leads each week.
I meant notice not nice, Stupid autocorrect..
Growing up the Beastie Boys taught white kids in the burbs what it meant to be cool and original. #ripmca hip hop will never be the same
Google Places has a dashboard where you control everything about your business.
5. Find ur own hedgehog (what ur passionate abt+wired for+where u can b useful in way society values) #ASTD2012 Collins
I'm attracted to intelligent women. So...
Where have you been all my life?
Luv a good weiner. : I enjoy the Wieners.: Lovin the show 2day. Memories.
bless up star bendiciones
France&#39;s Juppe says sanctions against Syrian regime have cut its financial reserves in half
But it's almost as good for you! Nothing more tiring than a tired kid!! Go enjoy a frosty May morning!
TY for the follow. Would luv to see IA commit to 1Gb min up/dwn at every K-12 site in this state by end of '13.
hahha you're so going to have to learn the train schedules now.
But I think the last few weeks of school are gonna be like this cause everyone is so anxious for school to end already. ;p
: Go hug your mom!
well you're basically done in ONE WEEK so you'll be there too :) minus the procrastinating backdrop...yay embassies!
OK, you were right, today is WARM and....awesome. cc
TONIGHT: will be warming you up to the Holiday weekend with All Night Happy Hour until 2AM! Guest list 916-295-0720.
haha well hes finally following You all your dreams came true today (:
Got another 2 dollar bill as a tip. If I'm ever unemployed I can always fall back on my stash of 2 dollar bills. Prob got at least 20 bucks
Oh sweet balls i am an idiot
Twitter should load at the bottom and have you scroll up.
Lax game!!
HI Brittany and thanx for following
Your word is a lamp to guide my feet and a light for my path. Psalm 119:105,
<U+3010><U+2605><U+3011> Follow me <U+3010><U+2605><U+3011> Get <U+3010><U+2605><U+3011> F0LL0W†BACK <U+2714> akika_143
: is way prettier than you
I just grabbed a shark bacon platter
“: Better hide the matches now.” Haha!! Not happening!
it's also up to your own interpretation!!
where and what time?
I do most of my parenting on Facebook. My kids post that they're smoking pot and having unprotected sex and I reply with a sad emoticon :-(.
Goodnight world. Sleep tight. Be careful about people like me who sleep walk and talk in their sleep. Disturbing us could be dangerous.
There was an episode of Cheers where Cliff and Frasier wanted to fight, but they sat down and made rules. That is what would...
spellcheck does not like "Keweenaw"--guess there's a little room for broader enregisterment there, eh?
you got jokes!
I just can't keep up with kids and their fashion trends these days. First Crocs, then leech jars. Where does it end.
Bulgogi for dinner tonight. It turned out wonderfully.
“: I feel like my girlfriend broke up with me, but I still want to be friends because I really like her family.” =
UGH I WANT THIS EXAM TO BE OVER WITH.
ITZ OFFICIAL LIKE A REFEREE'S WHISTLE BDAY BASH GOING DOWN RITE NOW 3D LIVE @ ZODIAC LOUNGE
I love Pandora Radio.
Reading Security Engr 2nd ed by Anderson, Good Book
word? let me know the next time ya'll do that. i'll be there.
Greetings new followers :) Very interesting bunch!
well at least now you don't have to tip him
I want to play Six Degrees from Ms. Aviv!
I like to have a lot of fresh fruit around and chocolate chips in my pancakes
hm.. Hey friend!
we are on KIRO7 with special news 3pm to 4pm before basketball...you have GOT to see what's about to hit!!! HEAVY RAIN again
Happy Birthday !!! Hope you have a AMAZING DAY! Enjoy! Love ya! #Mahomie <333 YOU'RE AMAZING <3
I feel like dancing!!!
Sometimes in this life; we are our own worst obstacle.
The best way to predict the future is to create it!
There has been a beer in the back of my truck all week... and all week I cant drink it cuz of 3rd shift. I AM DRINKING IT TONIGHT DAMMIT
In all fairness I did stare at the numbers for a while
Hi Paul. I'm Bryan . Send us an email at about bulk & wholesale orders. cc
Feelin like I'm gettin a nice lil sunburn <U+E04A>
Hey! Me too! Jon chose that movie I jumped outta my seat when you know who appears!
I liked it. Been there as a boy
WHEN ARE YOU COMING TO TAMPA???? I want to meet you soo bad! Pleasee follow me...<3
these tricks at my job be getting me hot ! Lucky ya ass is a girl
harry is NOT a submissive bottom!!!!!!!!! [screams]
The Grand Lodge has availability this summer for indoor & outdoor meetings, picnics, birthday parties and more! Call 503.992.9530 for info.
Haha that's really funny, ah our "Lumbee Hall" is called The White House... some things never change!
Announcing: ShopToko's The Distrikt. Shop NYC's Garment District - fabulous finds, all under $60....
Not in the mood to have people over
Settling down in Lakewood, WA tonight at another fantastic couchsurfing.org host's house. Tomorrow - walking to Dupont, WA. Prob. slp in wds
Being taster for Taste and Tweet is experience to be shared. apply 2day at TasteTweet.com. it's fun and tasty Plz RT
Hope everyone is having a good Saturday! Hope you're taking advantage of this pleasant weather!
say what u want about porkchop not being a good coach(your words not mine), but he fights and gets so much out of so little
RT : Sentiment analysis may be the future of how social media is used by reporters - #smwpolitics <-- and politicians
Hey guys! anyone want to talk ?(:
I love you, cardinal, but it's 5 frickin' AM, and you are too bloody loud.
Love RTing great content from #vegan moms & dads. Thank you, Dreena!
I liked TNT's Rizzoli & Isles better when it was called Cagney & Lacey and was twice as dyketastic.
Shout out to our NWA Project Manager ! :) Day complete, thanks for all that you do!
oh okay
maybe so...but they play with heart. Unlike another pro football team here in Nash
You mad bro?
Congrats on your Silver Circle Award!
#TEDwomen- Thank you for the well of inspiration & for sharing amazing folks who are making positive impacts. Life changing <3
Fingers crossed for you tomorrow.
Thnxs 2 my new followers,,, and
#DASER Rothenberg "to understand sexual selection, we should call it aesthetic selection, this has been a wildly unpopular idea."
Would have given it to you but you were just a tad too slow on your entry.
is an Australian rapper signed to T.I.'s rap label she has some dope stuff! You should listen to it
Boring drive. What's everyone doing tonight?
Don't forget, WE ARE NEW MEXICO! This is our conference now, BYU & Utah are gone..
I totally agree! He would be the best!
yes :p
"God will wipe every tear from their eyes. There will be no more death or mourning or crying or pain."
Thx! I need to find a way to work in a monthly breakfast mtg in NY so we can cook up other ideas. Gr8 to find a fellow #impinv wonk!
I actually copyedit for them, so I was reading your article pre-publishing. Good work! And small world!
#sleepy Tomorrow travel to #Warsaw, another #funeral. It's killing me.. God why?
I know! Idk know when tho lol txt me
Back in the Saddle After 9 Trips to Rehab
happy tomorrow!
I love that Adam rock scream!
Prayers go out to the family & friends of Whitney Houston, I won her cassette at high school dance in 6th grade
Girl I just wanna see you strip right now cause its late babe
Well good think I don't have his number otherwise i'd #DrunkDial him all of the fucking time.
I know this has nothing to do with my fansite, but check ebay! Im sure they have them in 9! C; lol
We Love One Direction!! <3
You're welcome!
That is so scary! Does anyone know Amazon's policy on intellectual freedom?
Bahaha I won't ask :)
Things I didn't know when I woke up this morning: tiny country Uruguay is 1 of 7 countries to EVER win the
Just started watching regularly and now think I'm falling for
Having just been hit by a car on my BIKE, it is no fun at all. Tony K, you're an idiot, joking or not.
Every time I have a painful shit, I think of and chuckle.
i'm just happy to have found someone who wants to kiss me and has a favorite episode of How I met Your Mother.
Thanks David! Congrats to YOU for mixing the hell out of "Celeste and Jesse!"
please do
you're welcome..!
Auditions before "lunch": 2. Meals eaten today: 0.
should bring lunch to my job since he's so close now!!!
You're our winner for The Wombats tickets for Monday! Shoot us an email at to redeem the tickets!
you're so sweet cody <3
completely agree! songbird FTW!
I HATE THAT. Console yourself with a moment of respite by the waterfall. So calming...
what about Austin?!
''The blessing of the LORD makes a person rich, and he adds no sorrow with it'' -Proverbs 10:22 Quotes by DodsonEng
your welcome c:
Tell Golic that Shrek called and wants his face back.
Lehigh!!!!!! As a Lafayette fan, this is the only time I will cheer for you but that was pure amazing.
don't forget the BBQ
Alli Sports and Mountain Dew Announce Long Term Extension and New Dew Tour
See How to FAUX Hawk at Twistii.biz under Stylist Videos
told you I didn't die.
GM Beautiful People!Have a positive,productive day! Dream BIG all your wishes and things you want can come true! #20days until I see him :-)
TMMK president Wil James named to Savoy magazine's 2012 100 Most Influential Blacks in Corporate America.
C'mon Union Rags
Glad it's fixed; go Team 208!
#raw10 Shakespeare said, To be or Not to be, that is the Question? Well, I say, You are What you are, that is the Answer!
Dude next to me is now reading every item on the menu out loud, and then commenting at it....he is also wearing a 10 gallon hat.
just peeked at your work for the first time; it is magnificent.
It would be friggin AMAZiNG if did a show in Port St Lucie Florida!!!!!! xD Iloveyou!!! <333
make sure y'all enjoy that Tequila Lime responsibly!!
Dakota proverb: "If the horse is dead, dismount." via Gus Whalen
eeew. what's that odor? is it stinko demaio?
Jason: Twilight! Madison: Twilight?…Ok Well there’s an exit right over there
Dance again - jennifer lopez(:
So much of what we call management consists in making it difficult for people to work.
Work with HR to help create reasonable accommodations for disabled employees
Couple of hours and my girlfriend will be in Nashville. For good. Or, at least til we find another place to work and live in.
Coach Epps is dropping some knowledge over here
": Trust what God is telling you and see the return on your investments!!!!!! : ))))"
I'm trying to figure out what Auto-Tune the News will do without Katie Boo
Attending Arrangement & Description workshop at #neafall2011at Dartmouth College.
Warm weather is tabouli weather.
Somewhere over Pennsylvania on the way to NYC to find new looks for with
a belated thx for #EDU11 hotel info. Can't believe how quickly they filled up. I'm set and looking forward to the conference!
got to attend a tea party today! Thanks to the lovely kids that I am nannying for. I feel privileged that I received an invite!
Air conditioning Restaurant Refrigeration Services 617-792-3350 Boston, Suburbs.
I'm sorry to hear that but you have the right attitude. Do your thing girl, you're pretty awesome
thank you for your service to are beloved steelers we will truly miss your smile every sunday
MLK jr Day of service is still accepting sign-ups! Some great trips to get involved in the community.
Its just a do nothing day #bored text me(:
Wow, what a group. Here goes!
yes great idea!
Thanks for the RT of my article Evelyn. I hoped it would make an impact.
I miss u too
Omg...milz at twilight
Shower beer??
fifty shades for the guineas?
i love when i fix a pot roast and our dog just starts licking everything in the house.
Time for sleep :)
THEY DONT HAVE FAITH IN YOU UNTIL IT'S TO LATE!!! AND YOUR ARE ALREADY IN THE SPOT LIGHT!!
it's not funny! Lol. -_____-
happy b-day to me tommrow
friends can secure tickets via fairfaxchoralsociety.org. Our best from FCS!
DON'T FORGET TO COME OUT AND SUPPORT THE CANDIDATES during their DEBATE/MISS SU REVUE in F.G. CLARK ACTIVITY CENTER at 6pm!!!!
You know you live in the back woods when everyone on your bus has a chew in haha and when it takes about 2 hrs to get home :/
Go on with Bob Fescoe tomorrow please!
Cool! I'll work on it. THATCamp should be everywhere!
"The bitterest tears shed over graves are for words left unsaid and deeds left undone." - Harriet Beecher Stowe
Looking for young money
Brookfield, CT was our best stop on tour. We cannot wait to be back there. Philly tonight with The Venetia Fair. Time to get fucking sloppy.
LOL! I thought so, Jerry. I'm glad you liked it. Lindsey ROCKS!
Thanks for continuing to make my Wednesdays awesome.
Gone put it air nigga smoke sumin i got half where it at nigga smoke sum smoke sum
This goes out to everyone. Who is your hero and why??
I'm grateful, thanks.
Also there had been an elevator accident at the school. Ppl got stuck there waiting for the rescue.
cool! keep me posted, I'm happy to help with logistics...
Family pics today. Ugh so cheesy lol
just saw the abdc commercial && saw you looks like you were having a blast. RT plz
i followed him! :)
Had To Have Some Time Alone With God & Talk About My Future So Now It's Time To Just Do Me & Get To Work :) Thank God For Everything <U+2665>
are you in the mix? follow us on facebook.com
I seriously feel my throat swelling up on me, hard to brefff :/
I hope you and the family ate better than Taco Bueno at DIA. Re-reading Drive again. A HUGE Deci fan. Now that's not geeky...
"WHAT'S YOUR STATUS AT THE BANK?"
We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory. -Cicero
He is with the shit.
#nowplaying light of the world - alan parsons
Lots of discussion about and the big theaters' responsibility to diversity. Started at 3pm EDT, join in on the #newplay tag
It's not summer till you see lightning bugs. I just saw lightning bugs.
Someone remind me to never sleep at 5am ever again
Alas, the Vikings aren't moving to Los Angeles. So much for the #LAVikings jokes. And my tax dollars will partially pay for it. C'est la vie
Happy Birthday to my baby brother. :)
Instead of thinking about what you are missing, try thinking about what you have that everyone else is missing.
in a caravan of some latin bitches ..... ROZAY!!!!!!
connected with you after the lake ..
Recently made the transition from OSX to Wish there was more production quality imaging software. Otherwise its awesome!
Follow. Us on MySpace.com/wilsonhotamales
I will not. Dr. Kezar had and I over last week, so we won't be crashing your party.
Everyone Needs to follow For The Best Tweets
this WILL work.
It's an issue. For real.
From Twin-City Sentinel July 7, 1917 about Reynolda: "Rocks, rocks, rocks..." were everywhere.
DELL T8262 Optiplex Desktop Board Motherboard | talk!
thanks for the RT Jay!
is it annoying if we iterate fast & release a slightly-better version every cpl days? Should we batch them & wait a bit?
Let's all make a conscious effort to be positive.That way you will attract positive people and have positive relationships. Give and receive
Bout to go pick up some barber chairs for the new location at 42nd St & Chandler...Opening mid June '09!!!
Oh the Oscars briefcases with the winning envelopes are walking the red carpet!
Video chatting is like having children, a huge mistake if you want to get through school.
it's not rape! it's surprise kinky sex... where you die.
We FINALLY found a supplier of speciality gear that will save clients tons of money with our new... oops, we haven't announced that yet. =)
today's the day! our holiday show with starts at 7:30 at the nampa civic center! bring canned food or new toys for donations!
yep that's her
females who lie about gettin dwn. its ok if u a freak, b 100. u luv suckin dick. i love that u love 2 do it
Deron Williams needs a healthy center.
nice Mikey!!!
Lindsay Lohan is BACK inside. She needs Three Squares Greetings!
Olivia Tremor Control last night. Jeff Mangum tonight. Late 90s E6 weekend!
your size in_____?
Evidence based practice, based on clinical trials. Clinical teams should include someone with info skills.
Fuck you and you and you
havent had a good in ages! Might be time to give in :)
i need some fun date suggestions for this weekend...any ideas?
World War Z? Confederacy of Dunces? A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius? The Road? Breakfast of Champions?
omg ya link
all good! Love California, life is good right now! Update me on what's the latest with you!!
: Inspired by the rain, we are going to buckle down and do some more recruiting!
WHY CAN"T I LIVE OR WORK IN CANADA!? Sounds like an amazing time to be had by all. Please make lots of videos from the tour.
aligns his body's symmetry/mechanically as an antique clock/ticking in the absence of batteries
Thanks! RT : Incredible presentation on structural #metadata in ... from conception of idea. By
Just passed Jamie Lee Curtis on church st. She looked as manly as ever...
you're going to have to text it to me. For some reason I'm "forbidden" to see the pic.
Aw it's no problem! I love supporting people and meeting new people!!:)
Road Quote of the Day: "The wise man travels to discover himself." - James Russell Lowell
RT : Don't know whether to wear shorts and flip flops or a snow suit
Amen! MT : Thursday's #Awake 1 of the best hrs of tv this season! Hope #Awake finds a new home for season 2.
love your voice. who knows. you might be someone's langston someday. plus? "bless her heart"? best.phrase.ever.
I'm good my friend!! Can't edit to hear the new tune :) Things good with you?
Gaining followers everyday! LOVE YOU GUYS<3333
Headed to the Braves/Dodgers game! :)
Another Milwaukee team mascot. We need more than a racer, can you play the infield or swing a bat?
OMG! You have to go to Hooker Tea. I think its at 200 Beach Drive!!!! Raspberry mint! GO NOT!
Beautiful run through Central Park. Now can someone #teleport me home? :P
i wonder what it feels like to sleep on a water bed o.0
Maple pecan! Far better than "real" ice cream.
Thanks for the #ff and hello good NY'ers
That sucks >.<
Woohoo!! Fav part of the work day...QUITTING TIME!! LOL :-)
I can't wait.
both of those are the Rice of the East and northeast
yes it is! It's taking me forever to get from NC to AL too!
Now this is the we all know and love
remember: YOU control the machine. It does not control you. ; ) (awesome pic)
Hiya, Spud! I've missed you too! Will be popping round to your place to reconnect. :)
the nightmares continue... tonight was Transformers and dinosaurs... complete with txt mssg from Optimus Prime. DONT LAUGH it was scarey.
lol honestly i thought they were the actual Allison Group in Atlanta :x but i just looked em up a lil n its still duper cool
No employee no success. Don't ever forget that.
yep brekky coffe omlette red onion, 3 colored peppers, couple cheeses, cayene, basil cooked virgin cocout iul & grass fed butter yum
Does that make it swagful? RT : It's both!
how is it going for you at USD? Make it ok?
RT : #Arts Council confirmed 'Meet the Funder' 22 March; talk about #Grants for Arts & their kids & #youngpeople priorities
ok i really like dead by april
Breaking news: CNN sent me a breaking news email that had actual (but sad) breaking news!
Thx! See you soon! RT : Getting ready to head out to UNLV for #AIDSWalk12 to benefit ! Who's coming?!
Get to help plan my aunts wedding yayy no
well, my little cousin can read music but cannot play anything but the piano..
Who the fuck names their kid Channing Tatum. Really? REALLY?
we use twitter as a pr tool to clarify misinformation
Thank you so much!!!
It's at times like these that I smile so hard and realize the joy of having you as a friend . (:
I have some or contact
I don't believe all that BS about ur traveling being limited when u have kids..might have to make adjustments but rugrats are no excuse
- thanks also for the follow - happy #WW!
We. I should tweet more.
I eat breakfast around lunchtime. Lunch around dinner. And dinner as my midnight snack lol
scratch that. No spots:(:(
gotta love meeting new people on omegle <3
Going to try a lunchtime workout, and then running after work. Better not be busy!
U go girl!
throw up the pic of Sully bro'n it up on Easter
RT : RT : Hiring frenzy at Articulate! We're looking for a Front-end Web Developer. Check it out!...
Freedom is being without attachment to results.
The Institute for People with Criminal Records is looking for pending appellate cases affecting people's reentry and rehabilitation rights
thanks Hugh - Bloomindale is the 2nd Up and Coming Neighborhood :) We love our good friends and neighbors in
PRODUCT OF THE DAY!! Forever Royal Jelly: Boosts energy, supports the immune system! Easily absorbed and readily digestible!
Good for you, Laura!!!
1br in a large 2br Woolen Mills apt 4 rent! Peace, river, garden, bookshelves, cat, all good stuff. .
Got some great songs on it but I don't know the whole thing. I will dip back in on your recommendation.
Our teacher brought us cookies & milk, & now we're about to watch a movie. PERF
Fake ass friends, the one who I thought had my back is now stabbing me
Portland Trib on NW Sports Tonight art 8:05..reacting to Blazer win and changes plus Duke
Got my Holga today. Watch out for mad snapper.
wow, that must have taken a long time to make. How the heck are you going to eat/finish it?
As long as you keep posting these, I'm going to keep retweeting them.
My English professor was introduced to the phrase "totes jelly" in class and is now using it consistently.
we r too-but last yr only boys signed up-trying 2get ideas 2draw in girls-including finding places to add into regular classes
Have a good one!
I gravely underestimated fashion bloggers. It's hard as hell to make one of those trend board things. Took me almost two hours!
was just saying that...agreed! “: Nice to see 59 make a couple of plays on Hawks first defensive series.”
In the process of getting my hair re done. :)
I heard he was playing there today. I haven't seen him in a long time. Did you give him a hug?
Blegh My only way to coffee is to venture through 26degree weather....Anyone want to bring me some? ;)
Thanks to and the morning crew for sporting some fantastic Goodwill sweaters this morning!
So, if you were a Borders shopper, where will you turn now? Amazon? Barnes & Noble? Your local library?
it feels as if I've been away frm for like a year : (
The biggest star in the room is Sorry George Clooney.
How long the video has to be?
I'm a reporter for NBC15 in Madison. I saw the story on ESPN and would like to interview you. Send me your contact info.
I'm so excited for this shirt...deep v?!
when you stand 3 feet away from the next person in line at the cafe, how am I to know you're actually in line? People aren't that scary..
- If you think you have a 2.7 overall GPA and are passing 207, go ahead. Don't forget to apply to the program. 25 days left!
i am now a member of . best $10 i EVER spent!
We've been preaching that here from day one. Love it!
Natalie, have you dropped us a line yet? Is there something we can help you with?
well i know a lot of people missed you at Prom...I hope you are doing better!
it was the obnoxious girl talking on it on a busy street that made it seem more ridic
1807 Orders in Council forbade any ships trading in Europe w/o first going through a British port. Also had to have a British license.
no. I kno u sent me a link. but this the first time in a while I got on here from the computer
Back at my desk fully powered and ready to do the best job I can.
Activists in New Orleans have our support. There as in NYC, horses are tools of cash commerce.
Indeed he is. Nice strategery, waiting for the game to (finally) end.
I love and They keep it real! I would definitely be with them.
Nach all night...wanna nach all night?!
these Fruity Pebbles my nigga!
big "if" healthy. Best def, good oline, Good running game, A guy who can coach his ass off..Scary combo
Want to send a huge congrats to #RisingStar on his new gig with the -
.// my LOVE for you will never end , your always be a part of me as long as time keeps on passing by :))
Im getting an error when i try and create a new list. it tells me to refresh and try again...then still doesn't work
"Someone said true love was dead and I'm bound to fall, bound to fall for you."
Congrats to this week's recipient of #WinningtheCustomer courtesy of
I'd beat yu in real ball
My 'sign out' function isn't working. It just keeps refreshing the page. *sigh*
I am irrationally excited about having time to take a nap before work today.
what was her name
happy sweet 16 best franddddd wish I could be there:( love you!!!
yo can you send me the collab beat? i think i got rid of it
As a long time loyal customer I'm really unimpressed with the new United (old Continental) website. It's so bad.
There's nothing like a left handshake to make me wonder why your weird
Thank you to MAZOLA Corn Oil for hosting such a great event in NYC. Pictures coming soon!
may I DM you about a few questions?
Hi David... and you might see me in person soon too... check your email!
doctoral candidate too? What do you not do?!
hey niall I'm sorry I'm probably annoying you but plz tweet happy birthday to my best friend It would(cont)
Omg hate thunder!
I wonder what would happen if we never even met?
Seriously, there's no need for a standing ovation after every sentence.
Why does my boyfriend rub it in my face everytime he gets taco bell.
snowboard goggles Masks or goggles for airsoft snipers? ;O
My class this morning is about decision making.
Many users know enough to want a few librarians in house, but I see it as a public issue between CPL and AFSCME and Rahm.
'We Three Teas' tea gift basket is the best seller this season, 3 holiday tea blends & tea measuring spoon $29.99 tealovergiftbaskets.com
blair be polite !!!!!!!! haha im not friends with stuck up bitches i just know them
Well, tonight really hit the replay button. Except, hit a little harder. #tiredandworeout Tomorrow I can finally
Thnx for the follow and the RT! You love your city!
Newark's Past well represented at Newark History Society's 10th Anniversary w/
Lol RT : ": Today is a good day to hit up Kopps's <U+0001F354><U+0001F35F><U+0001F366>"--- yes, a burger, shake, and onion rings lol
I love being Natural! I can do a lot if different styles with my hair. Braids,afro& I'm going to crohet my hair next week.
tweeting live from the #OGOpening tomorrow night at 5:30pm. inspiring presentations, conversations, performances & exhibitions
Also, joke time: What's the difference between a seamstress and Ed's guitar-playing? A seamstress tucks up the frills, while Ed... nevermind
Missing my bro. He always spitting the truth! #FreeSlickRick #A.K.A SoSo!
If you're a FOIA expert can you please give me a shout?
headed to #usnatarchives right now. awesomeness expected.
what up!? What you thinking about?
Both locations are open at 10am all week! WOOHOO! Spring Break!
Thanks for the imageJ reply. It was a researcher here at my uni that needed help but I didnt' have much help to offer.
"Simplicity is an advanced course." - Sri Chinmoy
to all u drivers in se wisc i apologize for the road rage in my girls lol
Adding a nice smith machine. Pully and cable system more olympic weights bringing my total over 2000 lbs yessir
Today I was expected to wait one-half hour without a call or note from a Dept Head during a tornado watch. Manners
And how much are universities, worldwide, spending on them. Say, over the course of 10 yrs?
No link provided! Shoot me one and I'll be sure to provide feedback.
I'm not sure. I think Proust.
My name is nick and I love my girlfriend ;)
Marshmellow fluff is in a plastic container not a plastic jar anymore,fml.
I really don't have time for sleep.
Woke up. Put alarm on snooze. Get a text. Grab my phone. Drop my phone under bed. Crawl under bed to get phone. Alarm goes off.
Attending a Ready2Model event on Thursday! It's a different kind of gig...details to come. Have a Wonderful Monday All ;)
Tonight's RockBand Drink: Pink's X-Rated Cocktail w/ Stoli Citrus and X-Rated Liqueur over ice topped w/ strawberry soda! Just like a pill!
We have plenty of room...you know everything is BIG IN TEXAS!
with who
Sure do. RT Do you start your day w/ email produced by ? You should....
Good morning #Seattle. What a wonderful wknd we had! We're working on a tweetaway this wk. Stay tuned. Come by for lunch today 1st & Stewart
Grind hard.
oh I just meant that generally.
will do. Is your number still the same?
This is great! RT : #CoffeeClinic in session. #Professor is in.
Big shot by Vandy at the buzzer. #badgers were alternatively super sharp and very sloppy. But enough for a 1 pt lead at the break.
i knew it ! <33
#WorldVision monitoring massive earthquake 200+ miles outside Tokyo....CNN reporting at 2am EST an 8.9 magnitude earthquake
I like calling everyone a Guru. Because after your tips we are gurus. You would just be the Grand Guru. Or "The Big Giant Head"
Sleep sweet.
LIKE LEGIT I SCREAMED EVERYONE TO SHUT UP ON THE BUS.
What is the number one deciding factor that makes you buy a ticket to a theatrical show?
Reaalllly hoping my bro can get the job at UNCG or even WSSU.
Dinner discussion: what princess my sister will dress up as at Disney world.
Work sux big time! Finally have a new phone though! Woo hoo! But I think it's time to watch disney movies all night :P
Gonna get home just in time for the Celtics!
Day 4 Daniel 21 day fast and feel great!
Heck yeah we said 'woot'! Why, should we not have? Has it become internet passe?
When you want something, all of the Universe conspires to help you achieve it
Side note: WHO is ready for RECORD STORE DAY? Mark your calendars, this year it falls on 4/21!
~ its good to see singh at the he's one of my favorite players
What do you want to try? Why wait!
"They say success is the best revenge." No sir. Taking a baseball bat to a knee tops success.
Classes begin next week. Looking forward to reconnecting with everyone.
... lol yea smh. Chinkstahs these days. Glad to see at least 1 Raider fan doesn't have me on block tho.
Only a few more days at the rock. Gona miss some people and many others
#saito Not easy to use images for this topic: emptiness. Post-its better than note cards. Good humor.
Do it!
If I had the chance, I'd be eating Starr every day. Those edamame dumplings were out of this world!
Not proud to claim #NC as my home state tonight; what a sad comment on human rights & equality you made. Good night and good luck.
haha i know! Didn't even start that paper...that's tomorrow's adventure :)
I love where your heart beats!
Hey,Thanks for the follow. SUBMIT your work to www.polyphonyhs.com. FYI, I'm a West Point Grey-er. Org. Seattle girl....
What is the most successful method of integrating online and offline citizen monitoring and reporting, social movements, activism
Yes! There we go!
slight work... slight work.. c;
Lol, I wish. But I'm too in love with iPhones <3 I'd miss it too much. Plus, I get a new phone in January anyways.
I do what I can. Headed to class tweet you later!
oh noo dear I think they outlawed whaling lmfaooo!
Wieters is just sick.
Louis is prob jelly of Rami now ;) RUN! RT : Watching a film and keeps touching my leg. It's not weird though...
Good luck studying for finals everyone!!
I wonder if Bret Michels would Unskinny Bop in GeekintheSheets gear for you?
has THE best deals on ink! I just saved 75% over Staples!!
": Ever have that one person whose presence automaticly pisses you off?" know a couple....
I have serriousss issues, man.
“: can't wait to see u at work tomrrow ..when do u work till”2
hey I'm doing ok. How bout u? I feel like I'm not really obsessed with lee anymore :( I just don't want to forget him!
I like F16 so far. Returned to Linux after away from it for awhile. Use RHEL @ work so I thought Fedora would be a good choice.
I've loved <U+0001F494> lost <U+0001F614> and learned <U+0001F481>
Sometimes I feel like I could use the olde "my code is compiling" excuse when waiting for a puppet catalog compilation :\
Without any milk
umm im friends wit him now my name is state_gurl14...i didnt know u had one. we not chattin now though
Thanks Faythe! It's a fact, we are about to do this. Get your proposal to MK-Eat and lets have dinner and help make art....
are you serious?
I'm a Gatorade man myself, but might switch of I could get a delivery like that!
Have fun!!
if guys did these #ABoyfriendShouldAlways tweets, then they would prolly be in the
what's been good with cha?
"Garnett's feet was set so it doesn't matter that he moved his upper body on the screen its not a foul." Yes! It was a foul!
May 7 – May 14: Follow/RT to enter to win one (1) $25 Amazon gift card per day and one (1) iWOW-U device at the end of the week.
Are motorized carts still just for handicapped people cuz all I see in them now is fat women who look too lazy to walk around
cause you act like him lmao
In Dallas for the Dylan #Ratigan Show. Show will be on starting at 1pm PST. We will be on about 1:45 PST
sounds good JJ!
please follow so we can DM you
I've been reminded why I avoid 66 like the plague. Always a nightmare!
BTW, if you get in, you have to move to SF...
I didn't even realize hoe much home work I have!
Now why would I be lying!? lol
how is current ?
#yoga feels great to do! I recommend everyone to try it. So relaxing. Also, try doing #pilates..gr8 4 u.
What butter and whiskey will not cure there's no cure for. -Irish proverb
Way cool, hadn't put that 2gether yet. I'm a closet blonde, so not the britest bulb in the bunch! ;-)
Appreciated point from : don't judge experiences as positive or negative. Instead: ask if helpful v unhelpful.
They are hitting everything and the Cats can't do anything right - they better play like #1 in the second half
HAHAHA ITS FINE! and nice :)
Ok, I can't see ppl tweets!
Thanks for the RT! I hope it wasn't a pity RT. I don't get offended that easily. :)
SpiritofChicago Pier is holding auditions! Looking for Wait Staff who sing&have dynamic personalities&ability to capture audiences.
One free ticket left to the Chino XL show.... Whoever asks first will get it.
Oscar Weekend was Amazing ...... I actually just woke up. My feet are busted...lol
^o^ it be strange people adding me on facebook & following me -.-
Help reach 1500 followers this week! They are a FABULOUS Tri and running store in NYC :)
When im still such a kid that no matter what, pokémon will always make me feel better>>>>
I'm sre Cal had everything to do with Camby talking money from NBA folk....I also trust the Government.
You're welcome Hanny lol..you did all the work! I just tried to be there for support and love!
lmfaoo! Omg! I cant wait to see it.. Haha<U+0001F61C>
Flying saucer for some beers.
#Buying The #Joy #Luck Club & A.I this week, so #excited!
“: Trying to decide if imma go to Brew City or not #hm”
Food show! Manager teams will compete for their chance to win a tailgate party and tix to a Brew Crew Home Game! Go team Ari!
Paul Pierce has hit as many, if not modem big shots than anyone I've seen
I'm enjoying seeing peoples reactions to the new #chatter feature in #salesforce.com Its like SFDC has become FB and it scares ppl
Yea, I've got 2 good through July.
the size of a mosquito maybe?
gotta say, the chicago bears do an excellent job with providing content that fans like me love on their website keep it up!
wish my babe was here so i could lay on his chest
I guess I need to start watching Scandal! Everyone is talking about it! I also need to start watching Revenge!
Goodreads says that I am 9 books behind on my goal. I guess I know what I am doing with my four day weekend next week.
Thankfully almost packed feeling a little sick. Hopefully yesterdays little accident doesn't mess up this week at all
“Think of the USP as something the consumer takes from the ad, rather than as something the copywriter puts into the ad.” - Rosser Reeves
Had a great time at the Convention in Sacramento. Ready 2 get back 2 work. Looking forward 2 hosting you all next yr!
thanks Mike! I'll turn you into a rockstar, too!
DailyHookahTip#98: Don't tape the hose to the outlets.If someone tugs the hose whiled taped,the hookah will tip.Invest in a new grommet.
Who would you like to see us go on tour with?!
IF I UNFOLLOWED ITS BECAUSE U DID IT FIRST OR..BECAUSE U KEEP POSTING PICS OF UR SMALL ASS PENIS..LOL WITH THE CAMERA ON ZOOM
Assembly Public Hearing on #FamilyCare Cap bill set for Thursday, Feb. 23 at 10 a.m. in room 417 North
hey there!
Slow down there, pal.
Tim Higgins' middle name is undoubtedly F@#*in'. God I hate watchin him try to ref.
Hearty potato soup, chili, meatball bomber sub, turkey and stuffing sandwich all on special for lunch.
I hope you get this beautiful weather we are having right now. You could not ask for anything better :)
You know when you're getting molested? Yeah, it happened.
the top one piques my interest.
Happy Thanksgiving!
did I say I would never join Twitter or something??
flying out to see you play against Sacramento in April :)
#3WordsOfAdvice stop being stupid.
Second time i trip on the same spot
gah! I have to go to the real conference but we really should un...
Oh the characters just told me it's a saltwater lake. Thank you, exposition guy, thanks for clarifying my dilemma.
RT : Earth Networks newest part is launching environmental observation networks #greennet local GHG detectors
Getting your fatass iPod from the PE boys locker
Ever wanted to ask tough questions on Israel's relationship with the US? Come to ROUTES and talk to AIPAC staffer Jonathan Kessler
Oh. I'm trying.
Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship - never
Neil Walker just can't keep that beard shaven
NEW MIX coming though in about 10-20 min
tweet tweet
I miss my other half
I have a feeling this involves the new Carmel water tower. . .
I love it when my skinnies get skinnieR WOO
All day. We have to collab in the near future. We are based in ATL
Can't wait for the details,
Roads on Muldoon to Bartlett, Oklahoma and Boundary are fine.
wow full house theme song used in sarah silverman program
Hard to believe Howard Johnson's picked those colors before taking the acid test.
I wont think twice about walking with you as long as you stand for something...
its gonna be a good one! Ashland High Live debut performance at Chain Reaction on your Birthday! We'll be celebrating!
Many thanks to for sharing his time, talent, and mutant power with the teens and librarians of Rockland. We had a blast!
Welp, saw the sales number from the after party at and all I can say is Im glad it wasn't on my tab.
“To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funny bone.” — Reba McEntire
Come on Live a little!!!!
Let me give your heart a break.
I'm recording the Syckest Records possible - #Single "If U Wonderin" - March 2012 - Snippet @ www.weedropweerock.com #weedropweerock!!!
Down 5 with 5 to play. Lets go Toppers!
What Are Some Good Songs To Download?
Well… I have another hint…you will all have a chance to win something that you can wear…!
Like she wasn't friends with t posey until te day of the concert. And now she's all buddy buddy with him.
thanks for the RT - have a great week!
Seriously wtf - is the new Afterdark club location next door? LOL this music is not mixing well with my Hulu choices
ok well what was it? Text it to me if its too bad for twitter
ravens kept it at one score. Opening drive win for them, I think.
she really is off! You know she fuckin lies. Smh. Mommas bootin...
We will be back up within 5-10 minutes!
Wish I were there! :-)
how many did you get for it bro???
We serve 1200 HIV+/AIDS clients in Cleveland. Want to help us make a difference in their lives? Attend on 4-16-11.
Now I have to actually try and sleep... ASDFGHJKL;L
Going green and getting a virtual office with Davinci Virtual
RT : Make sure to follow this week. He will be tweeting live from mission control during launch.
. will interview #Egypt blogger on Monday. Tweet your questions to #askaam and watch to see if they're included!
. - Her name is on list because some unknown bureaucrat made a secret decision, based on secret evidence, to put it on list.
I am
Good job Barnes, this dude keep losing the ball
Dean James kicking off with housekeeping and introductions
finally watching the glee from last night.
No you are not........and shame on anyone who would say you are a lousy friend hon...
I don't feel.... "happy" anymore. *shrugs*
flip em out... dream on...
Ah! Where at? I'm so excited for you!
Im sleppy... i guess its nap time :)
I loved how the lakers played tonight on the road but still didn't like the refs but we still won #LakerNation #GoLakers #
It's a shame when you have to block a dude from texting and calling you...smh
texting my sista we bored!
is irc down too? Cant connect from phone
(I did immediately think about DignityUSA, for LGBT Catholics.)
follow back :)?
you're really really pretty nh.
CyrusRules :D She's AWESOME !
She's chopping meat and asked me to call you
#business2012 2012 was educational to say the least, a wealth of new ideas motivations and some sound advice from #lordsugar worth the trip
Shows they're probably putting a lot of effort into making it a great Android app, not just another iOS port that doesn't fit.
“: David Tennant's voice gives my ears an orgasm. Somehow I don't think I'm the first person to say that. #hotscots”
The world sucks
Hanging out with good people leads to good things. Thank you for the porch time
after practice it may be like 54 or 53. Just bury me in satin.
Let us know details on any practices/media availabilities this week. We'd like to catch the team before they head down.
yes but they have good stuff to run and tehan their 3 pt shooter is scared to shoot,,
ATTENTION DJs!!! Send Me Emails, New Song Called "My City"
Homemade spaghetti and meatballs and my favorite show is back! #Bachelor tonight!!
yes! poor poor me.
I'm going to stop cursing
you're in for a treat, it was outstanding!
2 shots of rum, 1 can of bud select, and a hammer RT anybody know a cure for hiccups?
There are cultures composed almost entirely of metaphor, in an alignment with soul, to the point of pineal gland reconfiguration. Ecstasy.
need a job
At Walmart looking like a hot mess.
*beat up.
Awesome! So now you've met 2 #Heidelbergers. Your life is now complete :)
#HackedbyMamaMahone best trend ever
If Obama is talking to the Nation tonite, do they pre-empt it for the Braun decision?
Is it really?I almost saw it but then went to the site. You have to admit that they're not helping there cause with the site.
Make that happen RT God, I'd really like to be making money right now
Those pictures are not on FB, just so you know ;'pp & where were you today!?
you're really pretty. (: and a great singer. <U+2665>
anyone know what the question was at PC today that he didn't want to answer? i can't make it out on the video.
I'm.going to.beat this bitch up
I guess we are also at peak Cameron. We are definitely in the late Scott period, Prometheus' potential badassness aside.
Enjoying a blue moon on the back patio. Slight breeze in the air = heaven
Great work, guys!
thx for the follow!
Great big way to kick off #ThirsyThursday Magnum of the Month 2006 NV Cabernet Sauvignon...3 set/$89. Cheers for that!
And when its cold outside I got the month of may
The seniors just got kicked out of our class...
I SUCK ON THE PHONE THATS WHY I TXT OR BRING U HOME
RT: : Love Your Account! Just starting up over here! glad there are others out there willing to help for free!
try two of those :D
Clyde Stubblefield's drums are the backbone of hip-hop. Clyde Stubblefield is UNSUNG!!!
"I had always been a free spirit, and always gotten what I wanted." – Rick James, in a 1998 interview with the New York Times
Yes RT : Ever have one of those days at work where literally everything goes wrong or bad?
would you mind calling me today!? :)
I am pushing to assist small businesses become more profitable (for all involved). Not just the owners. Success must become the culture!!!
Ready to watch #CNNHeroes. So inspiring.
Hey it's BK, Dee Snider just fired.What rocker shoud try Celebrity Apprentice next?Not that he would participate,I nominate Bruce Dickinson.
Panic is starting to set in.
yerpp (: i got it back this morning! I just got my ipod back:p
leaving the bar I'm in Houston when u coming to c me
Oh my, it looks like is going to slow jam the news on tonight and will play new music!
Your good morning texts to wake up too are greatt, but waking up to your face would be even betterr, <3
Hi AV ! Following U, follow back? thanks
Isn't it a relief to know you won't get raped as long as you aren't stupid enough to go to the #PlacesWherePeopleGetRaped ?
happy birthday handsome :)
just dm to me!
ok... I was thinking the same thing and... The mannerism of Bebe
April 21st celebrate The Space Needle's 50th w/ drink specials to fill up your bladder so you can pee and see the Needle via our periscope
Follow Back Please :)
Salad and two hard boiled eggs. My stomach is still growling.. That's what happens when you work out right before you eat.
What a birthday! Pens win, my iPad app hits no.7 on the charts...here's to a fantastic weekend!
Middle relief? For the #Brewers, it's more like ... what's the opposite of relief?
yess! Haha it's kinda boring til you like halfway through :P
Thanks for the RT! How's life on your island?
I like the bike, but when are you going to post clips from your ballet career? I miss you!
RT : As you celebrate end of 2011 & the start of a great 2012, don't drink & drive we want to tweet with you far into '12 & beyond
Thanks for the RT ! #HARO is a great resource for PR pros!
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #activism because they help bring change.
This time next week I'll be home... I'm happy but I'm sad too
Good seeing you the other day. Let me know when you want to do a real west coast road trip
keep calm and carry (weed) on (you at all times)
Guess i need to spend some time on here. Can only #Follow 5 tweeps at a time due to lack of activity. I will #Follow all back!
Hi Sophia! Is today's #SistersHeal a tweet chat?
<- please follow
new background <3
with the roomies! and
My cell phone is pretty much my watch, camera, flashlight, calculator and so much more.
preparing for Tuesday's speaking engagement: "Social Media and Your Job Search: Can You Tweet Your Way to a Job?"
#Fast Jimmy Johnson Bring it home!!
holy shit i cant wait til monday
You are who yu think yu are
My pleasure. Hope your week is going well. Feels like Friday to me today. No idea why, but I'm enjoying it.
Cuz its hard doesn't mean you give up...
Stop teasing me guys RT : 6th street reunion Saturday?
bacon is bad for me and you are officially a bad person now
You remind me of my big toe. Mainly, because I am going to bang you on every piece of furniture I own.
Wha? Dood! You better be at least half-smiling today or I'll kick you in your 'meh'. Congrats!
If you were a flower...what kind would you be? Orchid? Rose? Tulip?
“: Things to do today: 1. get up 2. survive 3. go back to bed”this will have to be my Sunday motto!
U originally from SoFla? Move to Seattle in 09 -- had #Marlins season tix from '93 until I left. Gonna visit this summer, tho!
Correction: CityLife piece to run on Dec. 15.
Um should cover that Starships song by Nicki Minaj. That would be AWESOME, don't ya think?
So he can miss it.": #NBAPlayoffs why foul him"
you're in denial
no prob! Just let me know what you need!
We like the sound of that ;) Lol RT Drinkin a cold glass of #M :)
Arod just has nothing. 7 more years of this Yankee fans. Hey buddy, stop spitting seeds and do something to earn your $30 mil. WOW
haha we're telling secrets!! RT : when someone says DM it usually doesnt turn out good.
Should I post tracks from the CD as it's being recorded? I'm on the fence about it.
Good list - just something unobtrusive but soothing so I can concentrate
ehh. That's true. :I yikes. That would be tragic.
I'm good
I don't understand how Super Mario can smash blocks with his head but dies when he touches a turtle.
I got a new job at the University Bookstore, goodbye Nordstrom, and your horrible drama and ridiculous hours!
I'm pretty sure they are ok with their cup
in less than 2 months we will be at the lake
That's what I'm talking about!
Teens havent worked out the norms of behavior- Ex posted the breakup on Facebook before breaking up in person
oh my gosh. Yes! It's cute to see them poke through but not so cute to hear screaming for days and nights in a row!
Aww, you're crying because of that song? Aw, hfjdkfjhgf. You're to cute. hgfkjhgfjdks. <U+2665>
Night My Peeps
Time to hit the gym!
I like that background lol and your blog is nice man keep doing your thing
All im going to say is if you are going to talk so much crap about me you should at least have the guts to say it to my face! (cont.)
Great minds think alike, I suppose ; ) Haha what a beautiful place for a day off!
Physical therapy help to keep the muscles strong above and below the knee and help stabilize and range of motion.
Got the same feeling in Charlotte. However, the boys didn't disappoint.
more love to you. Get better!
Washing Your Ass W/ The Same Rag You Wash Your Face With...Is Not Cool
: Haha! Hey, some of us was still at work a few hours ago showing dedication to the Haul. Lol
Ha! This is 5 blocks from my crib! Imma slide thru!
Any musicians in the Hudson Valley interested in buying a Marshall cab?
Happy Mother's Day including the men who are doing it all & being both parents. Enjoy your day ladies & gentlemen.
Good looking out =]
Our family is going 2 do the Tebow pose 4 our Christmas Family Picture. Lol
me too! RT : Need a completely absorbing, cannot look up from the page sort of book. Go!
One week LA,Chicago,NY,ATL next week Vegas,Ind,Ark,NJ much easier on everybody
siphon more cash to BCTV *cough*cough*
That was an amazing 1st OT!!
Im a slave to my studies and homework tonight.
Go to Dumbledore and get some more!
You're getting a little to attached
Rest. When you are struggling with your mind the most important remedy is increased rest
I dont!!! RT : Why does everyone hate foamposite's?
#HowToKeepARelationship by been yourself
Thanks for your support! Let us know how we can further help with classroom resources!
Rangers Yu Dog deep fried wonton wrapped hot dog w teriyaki beef, seaweed salad. Fries oil w sesame seeds holy shit lets go there.
Thanks Colleen. I blame daycare. Naturally, the kid is fine but his mother and I are both out for the count.
Oh my God! ESPN is reporting that "Squeaky" Fromme just signed with the Redskins! (via Steve d'Oliveira)
thanks. Im watching tv too. #distractions. I had like a 5hr nap so I'm wide awake now
go away Fagget
u gotta lol. I love nice things but I wrk for mine at the same time. Independent .. My man need be on the same level lol
a must-read for anyone who works with adolescents: Project X by Jim Shepard
If a Lion swallows his pride, does that make him a cannibal?
New Berlin police confirm three dead and three injured in Sunday crash. The latest on this story LIVE AT 5:00 Todd Hicks TMJ4
G.O.O.D is good.
Review: Lensbaby Makes Tilt Shift Simple (and Affordable)
Seen project
Career workshop in class: a professional threw out candidates who didn't follow her company on Twitter. Opinions?
Heading out to speak at the rally in Montello this afternoon! SOLIDARITY.
It's weird that even I like the show, but you know at least it's a show that everyone can enjoy.
Your just a dick. That's all you need to know.
the #marketinggrader link fails
OMG your inflight cookies are so good!
Throw in a vague mysterious conspiracy and I think you've got it.
Put Shelfari on there too. Looking good!
I was really hoping you were going to tell me that her cellulite was really bad or something great like that! Damn her perfection!
Happy #FlannelFriday yall, is now influencing my style. I don't hate it...
Learning more SharePoint tricks and tips, especially JQUERY
I'm addicted!!!
Jus got done with practice
Don't think so. Can You re-send?
Great conversation. Great night for
Whenever I get a new calender, I flip straight to my birthday month to see which picture I got.
Our first official Tweet! Please follow us and stay up to date on specials, events, blog entries etc. We'd love to follow you as well!
"you're" and "your" are NOT difficult to figure out!!! Use YOIR fucking brain because YOU'RE a fucking idiot!
Networking party..Thursday March 3, 2011 @ Legends 6 W 33rd St. New York, NY. Doors open @ 8PM!! Dance, drink and NETWORK
Sometimes you need to stop waiting for someone else. The "YES" you get is from yourself.
Excellent, thank you! Hopefully I will be able to attend :D Thanks for putting this together!
omg. THAT is genius.
I like moving. I see it as the beginning of a new chapter.
sitting in my office in the top floor watching the rain in so california!
He said on FB fool... "Facebook"
Activity is the key to success in everything so get moving. Keep smiling. #exercise #sales #relationships #weight loss
Who goin to ibiza tonight?.. I am!!!
Im Only Talkin To People We Cant Take It On The Boyfriend Level Doe
i knowww. me too.
haha I'd advise against that...I dated a girl who was a dancer and didn't tell me...a buddy told me...not kosher
I hate wemocco!
Lol! RT : Only went 1-15 on lights on the way home but got hit on by high school girls in a Jetta so it balances out.
Since Friday, I've Eaten Chicken Pizza, Chicken Burrito, Chicken Sub, Fried Chicken, French Fries, Donuts, Ice Cream, Brownies.
thank you for sharing Donald with us. We love him so much!
I'm not sure I have that one. Maybe on VHS
power went out for about 30 minutes
i think its cute when your cuddling with someone and your both naked
Bitches, make me Laugh, crawl back under your rock please! :)
Never been to #Loblaws. What are some #kosher highlights at #Walmart?
oh snap! Prediction of an optimistic Louie, this season.
Looking fairly likely somewhere closeby you and us in WI
You never realize how much you like someone until you watch them like somebody else.
Hey Mark Walhberg, when do you plan on bringing back Marky Mark? Us ladies kinda need him.
WICKED GAMES .
Sad day for pluralist America (aka reality): RT #SBOE passes nonbinding resolution to limit Islam in TX textbooks by 7-6 vote
RT The 5k books of #thepeopleslibrary have been thrown in the trash #ows Well that's some bullsh*t right there
It's a fairly quiet afternoon but of COURSE I get two phone calls at the exact same time.
Feeling brand new in 2012 ;)....
Show tonight at RockBar in Nashville, TN!! Come kick it with us!!!
the days when my old Jewish parents start acting like old Jewish parents are upon me
We want to make the parking situation down here between stadiums a mess in September and October #orioles and #ravens LETS GO
Out of leftovers? Come to us and have a Turkey Day Calzone. It rules.
haha cause i'm not.
yeah hopefully so then we can do the bucket list :)
you're straight hero squad. Happy bearded birthday mate
Relaxing day at home today! Planning on soaking up some more vitamin d later!
everything is just perfect and stress free :)
Dinner/pre-drinks before #smcsea tomorrow?
It is 82 degrees
MC Lars: hip hop as a cultural poetic innovating form derived from history, rap and Shakespeare, bffs!
oh, whatcha watching?
"No matter how vital and urgent an enterprise may be, it is best advanced by composure." - Manly P. Hall
Being repetitive - not actually innovating or creating something new but simply doing the same thing.
Pat Birt looks like Mr. Potato Head so much.
that is my shit!!!
Haha, totally! Except I've slacked all day so I actually need to get some reading done tonight.
I swear if Maryland beats Duke, I might stop watching college basketball.
thanx for the #sxswLAM high5 - it was a blast this year! thanks to everyone who made #sxswi 2012 librarianawesomesauce
The kitties, however, seem happy to have a clothes playground! :)
#BabyThor I dig it.
May You Rest In Peace You will Be Missed!
right?! Felt the same a few weeks back; amazing how much better/efficient my body feels on full-on Paleo.
Wonderful stories tonight by Dr. Paul Osteen
Somedays i just dont know what to do.
Jesus I got 10 hour rehearsals...schweet.
Hey Ivan, just curious, for 6/9 hackathon, r u going to design or develop? On a project team?
TGIF, oh no, it's Monday? Well hurry Friday, get here! We have Snow Black Sunday Friday and I am too excited!
Just discovered Copley is on fire. 5 fire trucks at least. In this already old news tweeps?
can u show me how draw a detailed eyes and nose! Plz
footprint under each painting in the galleries...student asked how else was he supposed to balance his notebook. #wth?
will be back to work on Monday after 5 weeks off
Breaking Now: We are sending crews to a fire near Highway M & Watts on the far West Side.
Join us tonight for the Aries bash with drink specials, DJ Krillz, and free entry for all Aries all night long!
DONT EVEN start with me \(-___-)z I was in a panic shock I was scared
Only 8 more followers until 800!! (:
Indeed it is! And it's been an epic adventure to get it made!
i guess that is the difference between kowledge to rule and dominate and knowlege to empower??
to wake up early for breakfast? Probably a miracle.
Happy Friday! After a long hard week, I hope everyone has a fun, relaxing and safe weekend. What is everyone up to?
Attention : dck is still going live stay tuned in! Ha
This #NYC #deal is so tempting! Vaca? : March Out Like a Lion & book a stay w/us for 33% off now thru 4/5 using code SOCIAL
hugs to you!!! lots of people love and support you, no matter the trials you face XOXO
ahh shit tonight's gonna be craa craa my boy is gonna be tearing up robotic Tulsa tonight every one in Tulsa better be there
Tonight Tequila Shack ladies night. Get away from the norm and escape to the Shack. Tonight.
Wish I had that here!
RT : We had a great time getting fancy with everyone and attending last night! Awesome event.
"Be yourself--everyone else is already taken."
Aight let me know if u decide to go, and when u on ur way
From Yacht And Boat Cleaning To Carpet Cleaning, Davie, Florida Residents Count On Revolutionary Cleaning For All Their Cleaning Needs
The change up was a surprisingly funny movie! :)
I hate u chelsea
I sure hope an #samesexmarriage vote happens today. come on, #nyssenate, be heroes! do what's right!
Great day here.... off for weekend training with Mistress Susan... can not wait!!!
To our 3 patrons who helped a lost gentleman, thank you. Such a Mitzvah. Your kindness is a blessing!
good place for pics, autographs & its in the shade. My wife & I have sat here the past few years.
She's amazing.<3
doesnt deserve hate, dont let anyone get you down Sarah<3
Today's special is the ULTIMATE CHICKEN SANDWICH! Cajun seasoned, w/ BBQ sauce, bacon, pepperjack! Comes w/ your choice of ultimate sides!
your team is a bunch of pussies, flop flop flop hahaha
thanks just got it and replied
I'm using Jade + Stylus + CoffeeScript on my projects. You should give them a try.
aren't you guys all Volt now.
The Palms just isn't the same without
Seems like my bed was strapping me down this morning.
hooked it up today c:
Special thanks to #Adobe for sponsoring lunch at Accessibility Camp DC this Saturday.
Good night all Baaaah Me-e-eeeah
Really NYC? No acid wash jeans? Btwn gays, hipsters, rich european tourist, & pretentious teens, I should be able to find somethin.
Omg only 19 more this is amazing!!!! :D
When ppl make fun of Christ I just... I just want them to be judged by God, SORRY JESUS!!!!
Yup that's me. I'll add that to my bio now thank u very much xD
Where are your seats?
What nice day outside today, hope everyone has a good and relaxing day. ezzzzzzzzz
I have a huge craving for a Schkotzky's sandwich but they no longer are in Illinois!
Had a nice workout with my personal trainer ..Lol
And it turns out I don't even need #gnuplot all I needed for plotting in #octave on #osx was setenv("GNUTERM", "x11")
Already thanks for the love! I'll be back in action soon
Thx 2 and the rest of the Sports PR class 4 having me in 2day!
RT : Instead of focusing on all the bad, be thankful for all the good. Each day you have is a blessing from God. Enjoy life.
Glad to have such #smart #PR colleagues.
no our team is a bunch of pricks
Nora, I can explain the apparent contradiction
If you are in the California junkyard, then look for the man with the silver pan for some sweet delicious pie!
I love that shit!!!!!
hi little diva! I have 5 year old twins but they're sleeping.
"BEING ELMO: A PUPPETEER'S JOURNEY" -- A terrifically inspiring story.
Listening to the most amazing band that ever walked this planet <3 (;
Tough loss for St. Clement against league best Hardy Prep. Still scrapped till the end tho
Can't believe the weekend is already over. That went by faster than Kim Kardashian's marriage. #TooSoon?
Weighed in for Summer Biggest Loser contest. Game on. Final weigh-in Wed Aug 29
LOL thought u did that already RT
Wait just a second this medicine might be kickin in.
ahh you need to show me the run around here! Tally is nothing like Miami lmao
Hows about and I take a weekend trip down there soon and we can all hunt together :)
wow!! Loving the logo;-)
Why must he be so damn cute? :3 lol
new #paleo recipe up at www.fwhuntergatherer.com!
that's right. & in creating free breakfast prgrm BPP gave us a model of self-determined social justice...
Nothing makes a woman more beautiful than knowing and believing that she's BEAUTIFUL!!
Purple Rain ? Hm, that's be cool :)
Visit www.FIDPA.com and take a look at The International Poker Rule #62.2 Raise Requirement
It's Wednesday! Empanada day! Chicken or cheese. Soup of the day: chicken with rice and veggies. See you for lunch!
haha what happened?
My #Irene preparedness kit includes wine, ice cream, and pickle-making supplies. Yours?
Stressed is desserts spelled backwards.
I can NOT wait to meet my fellow Guidette in Staten Island!! HeeHee! Xo
Follow me & RT all things that are way cool.
While ur doing ur competitive analysis add a messaging analysis & apples 2 apples feature analysis. then u can start differentiating
#SYVW #FF: couldn't have done it without you!
Kegging my latest session IPA & racking the Orval clone. Then playing with electronics in my control box for the new HERMS.
hey zac is this your real twitter account?
Cueto on the mound for the rubber game? I like our chances.
I just watched her perform and I'll say it again - JANELLE MONAE IS THE TRUTH !!!!
if you would FOLLOW ME id be the happiest #boyarianator in the world <333 2
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you. - A.A. Milne
Come to UK and hang banner
LOL, I believe it. you can't really understand the power of a .500 until you shoot one.
6.5 mile run today. Need to think of a new hill workout 4 our wednesday hill group. Don't want to get stale.
goin' to make some black beans, goin' to eat some tacos.
HELLO EVERYONE! =)
Embrace the hate RT : I am pretty dumb for a genius
Niggas mad cause I went right & they felt left
Certainly not that he's a moron and only has predicted earthquakes because he predicts hundreds and has a low success rate. Couldn't be that
Simple dinner: pierogies (frozen) and salad greens dressed with EVOO, balsamic, salt, & pepper.
Thanks Again (:
Back from Kansas City
aww I feel so special :-)
Tomorrow=1 word, NBA PLAYOFFS. Ok that's 2 works...really it's 4. 1 word and an acronym? I dk wth I be talking bout sometimes
Help us get to 3,000 likes on Facebook before we release our music video! Tell all your twitter friends to check out our page!
Happy Mother's Day!
And im never leaving your side
Just decided to read The Time Traveler's wife...the debate of seeing the movie will come once i'm done!
lol just a hole thru the middle of his hair for wind to go thru for aerodynamics in the atom
I'm in <U+0001F498> with life<U+2755>
I save taxpayers tens of thousands a dollars a year by treating new-onset AFib and DVTs as an outpatient. Beat that, Barack.
Donald is going home. Sorry. RT : Donald is in jeopardy :( judges will decide between him & Maria *fingers crossed*
For his rookie hazing, he should have to get off the bus wearing a santa claus outfit.
RT : #wearing cream pleated skirt, navy tuxedo ruffle t, brass Queen Bee cuff, cream boucle coat, peeptoes with...
Facinating hypothesis from Gideon Rosenblatt: "niche" nonprofits should focus less on small contributors and more on major donors/...
Obviously a rough Boston night? RT : I suppose I'll have to add the force of gravity to my list of enemies.
“: Using the word "dope" to describe something should be blasphemous if its not that” < Real Talk...used too loosely!
The line up, tonight Crown Club, tomorrow Daytime Drais Pool Party (FEMALES ONLY NO EXCEPTIONS), tomorrow night PLAYHOUSE VMA AFTERPARTY!!
Is it sad that the first thing I thought of when I saw the fire truck pull up outside my apartment was, "Shit! I better put a bra on"
On a drive, eating the bag of animal crackers that Tony has in the backseat. :3
That's right! Awesome deal...thanks, ! RT : UT Alumni can get 30% off tickets to the Biltmore! YES!
If deep down in yall heart think the Pacers gonna win 4 games against the Heat kill yoself LOL
Some Men Dream Of Worthy Accomplishments , While Others Stay Awake And Do Them .
thanks for the blackout/hangover.
IT'S IN THE CONTENDING, IT'S IN THE SURRENDERING, It's in the ability 2 trust God 2 lead u by the hand into ur greatest moment of victory!
R.I.P. 98.7 Kiss FM NYC. I can't remember when you didn't exist. You'll be missed whenever I'm driving and want to listen to some radio.
#787 nice number(: and me;Tony, sabrina; louis (:
u guys want to get together for the NFL draft tomorrow. Bills pick #10. Cud get food or drink or something.
Aww! That's so sweet! :]
don't fight it. It's in your DNA.
Headline: BUCS SHOW GRAND CLASS
Heard Dick Clark died, first thought... Winder who had him in the
Got the message, it would be a pleasure working with you. kmoffitt
I think should make him a video of him singing
where does it say "ban" in text of prop?
Tip #189: After obtaining poker skills...mental and emotional strength is of much greater importance. #Train through #rigorous methods = WIN
glad you feel great now get some rest and enjoy your day Beautiful
Okay, now is confused.
Some bad names we came across this week: 1) ooVoo - video chat software
Sounds like my school, and Its even worse that my boy cousin and I are in the same grade and share the same friends, So
Doing rough mixes for rapper Scott Mack today. Mastered a single for Dat Bwoy Fedi yesterday + some video editing & DVD duplication.
bye <U+270C> out boy scout
Black sets a neutral and basic tone.
sweet sixteen? ;p
it's probably the world series actually but I see what you mean
A nice lazy Sunday for now, then it's game one of our basketball league!
Master your weakness so that they don't master you
better to be broke with God in your heart, that rich and lost.....some of you will never understand that
- You Rock girl! Hope all is well...
SOMEBODY SHOUT ME OUT.... BOREDOM
Who wants to run 10 miles with me Saturday?
It doesn’t make sense to let go of something you had for so long, but it also doesn’t make sense to hold on when nothing’s there.
Finally a day off tomorrow. Thank Jesus.
Dying my hair red tomorrow :)
Cohen: No epidemic has ever been resolved solely by paying attention to the affected individual. (Albee)
Just saw "3" Tom "Run Lola Run" Tykwer's film. Pretty mind blowing good stuff.
#HardestThingToDo ;; stay warm in New York when winter is coming..
No, that would be much better.
whats needed is substance on the campaign trail!!!
idk either maybe to see exactly what he had to defend himself against. He knew something was coming but not exactly what
Anybody want to go car shopping with me?
Was up my Twiggas!!! Make sure n tune in to 89.3 right now n check out The Trinity fam!!
I love to sing. I sound horrible. But I love to sing.
For actn outta script I give em clips like terantino
chris mooney's The Republican Brain explains evidence that liberal brains more aligned to science
Two Boots! Pitfire! Mr. Pizza!
I miss when said #hatersgonnahatemahomiesgonnalove </3
Or Hawaii. No passport needed if its in the states!
i have so much to tell you. text me cause i keep forgetting to save your number lool
Well, no phone call... and no record of someone coming out today to restore my service. big surprise
15% either parrot NSF language, or have a general statement about "encouraging data sharing". 5% have policy.
This licensing company wanna license some tracks for some commercials and films. i already got enough on my plate. I need another me.
oops! fixed!
he'a a bitch. I'll fight him
You're most welcome!
Good morning! #Oscar night!
Driving with the windows rolled down, listening to country music
Hahaha! Sounds like we'll get along famously!
So, I'm done. I thought I wanted it back, but nevermind. I'm better off without it. Peace.
The man giving me a pedicure said he will send 100 egg rolls to my house if let him go on a date with my best friend
I wish I could tell who's fake & who's real.
Firehook offers a full range of wholesale breads, such as sandwich loaves, rolls and non-sourdough breads. Call (703) 519-8020 for info!!
Tripping out on a vid explaining the new video/movie editing interface called Tamper. Woweekazowee, it's so... sci-fi-ish...
Wisconsin is Algonquin for "Endless Road Construction".
I love South Park. I'm not just sure, I'm HIV Positive.
no prob, dude!
Happy Hour in T-5 minutes. Hello, beer.
if he was really rich, he'd drive an aston martin
hahahahah ikr... but gag is she on the way lmfao
yeah but there is nothing to not like about you!:) please follow me Alex?<3
Uh Oh!! What she know bout it? RT makin it na$ty
aye big bro nd big sis, Prom is Friday
u work tonight?
y la escuela?
thanks so much!
hehe have fun!!! I will!! I look out for a dress for u...
Love it RT Chris Kreider right from natl title w/ BC to the NYR and scores game winner tonight to force Gm 7. Precedents, anybody?
we really need tickets to the show in oakland for me and
desperate Dave, I know you begged twitter to get yourself verified, you little gypsy you
ME AGAIN LOL “ Gemini might make you laugh by mimicking a sound heard outside the window. He's random like that.”
I can't wait to see clowns dressing up as James Harrison for Halloween this year.
Congrats to Linda Mohon and Jamie Rieckhoff, winners of sneak peek passes to see #TheVow at Regal Green Hills.
andrea I have for you already voted 10 times my friends with me now and you can click on follow me please please please
You's wanta see something funny go to YouTube type in "Grandson gets brain freeze" it's so funny
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW THAT I SENT YU!! SHE OPENED FOR CODY NOV 19TH 2011
"Flannel pajamas?! what are you 100?" lmfaoo
Shit gets crazy when #FBLA teams are up at this hour
no, wanted to check it out, but stuck at work until 10, then off to birthday karaoke :) have fun!
At tax time I want for a document/receipts scanner, or better yet, 100% electronic receipts/docs.
how come more of your matches don't turn into giant tickle fights?
Fear The Fin!
American Idol is gay.
Shes bein reckless once again. Grow up already.
discussing metagaming, how do you take the indoor outdoor?
IMA DO MY BEST FA MY SON..
I've never seen that show. What channel is it on.
RT “: what are you doing in San Diego???” did you go to the chargers game?!??
#RIPKeKePalmer Now yall know she probably ain't no where near dead.I might be wrong though.
Listening to Wiz's new mix tape
And fingers-crossed?!? We should defo design our own emoticons app. “: Dang..there's no cookie Emoji. Clearly they can do better.”
What's up Twitter World?
I wish it was Thursday
With both shrinking #defense & #intlaffairs budgets, how do we achieve our #foreignpolicy goals? Soft power w/ no money?
just doing me as usual...lol
Made danny a facebook!
Thank God for: sweet tea, country music, 80 degree weather, and the South. Amen <U+0001F380>
he meant to say
Make today better than yesterday. Continue this mindset each day and you are living the good life.
heck ya! That's where it's at! i do too! have an awesome rest of your day Jake!
what a cruel cruel joke pandora. play a commerical for vitamin water?
Headin' to the north country later today to see some savvy Flagstaff Business New clients. Will be dodging I-10 and I-17 idiots.
Thanks Jeff! The recipe didn't work, but some white china, add'l coconut milk and agave did. :)
Family over aint nothin better than that! >>>>>
I'll help the cause! lol.
good?We stock solid select redoak&hardmaple flooring that covers 19sq ft/bundle. Prices depend on quantity &contractor pricing
Think you stink? You are better than tons. Think you are awesome? You still got tons of work to do to be the best!
oh, & thanks about my teeth(;
Test geo tweet, again
hey(: have you seen what some sicko put about Justin?!
it seems i like competition dats y im always on twitter
just chilln n u
Starting to get a scratchy throat. I hope I don't have a New Year's cold...
So some of my friends keep tripping balls cause I talk to the girl they hate WE'RE NOT EVEN FRIENDS CALM YOUR TITS.
Guys who call other guys "pussy" are terminally confused.
Lots of very good offensive skill talent is going to go in the 2nd round of the draft, that's when fantasy GMs gotta really be watching
i see. well youu should stay like that for a while. and if he really likes you he'll want you again. :)
I'm not sure you were wrong. I've just deciced to continue. Damn the consequences/torpedoes.
thank you
get a refollow from the best burger in south beach
True, evidence should come forward. Big truth, this wasn't even going to be investigated in the first place until outcry!
August 30th, Silverlake Lounge, 10pm. We'll have oranges and Capri-Suns for everyone. Pee-wee soccer halftime style.
What Visimeet features do you use the most?
lolz just making sure
TyDaddy does it all!! Wish I was there #GRC ;)
Before you act judgmental, Fix whats wrong in your own damn life first.
is the cure for bad Chuck Norris jokes from two years ago
I love my dad. Needed to hear his voice and sweet words. Seconds after I prayed, God affirmed through Him.
OH I FUCKING MISS YOU! <U+0001F4A9>
Yep!..thanks for following [:
Let's see it! Everybody is hurtin for new work. “: 41 pages edited / reworked tonight. Almost ready to share my non-musical drama.”
Oscar Time! is gifting #handmade #pottery earrings to #celebrities #Oscars #GBKOscarsLounge Feb 24-25 via
Task of the Day: Photoshopping a stuffed bison in a Hawaiian shirt on to the Space Needle.
Spindles didn't meet the code?
You guys know NOTHING about the industry and how to get a label, so don't tweet me ish. lol
i hate it when i give people so much stuff but when they got stuff and i ask for something they dont give me none
Don’t drink and drive. We’ll bring our pies to you!
you up for doing some photos next time your in Nashville?
ok it's on ! May the odds forever be in your favor!
You playing with my emotions lol
Finally watched DRIVE - Ryan Gosling looking incredibly attractive in that white jacket, but it was too flawed script wise. Cool music too.
I like work; it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours.
There are babes. Upon babes In Ann arbor right now
We want to make a Geek Fight set based on anime fandom. Any ideas?
Lovely day well spent with new computer... we'll just call him "booboo," a script, and good company.
. Areed! Mitt using auditory terrorism
The average person laughs 13 times a day.
We're hosting roundtable discussion with today about issues affecting seniors in San Diego County.
Either Holy Holy by Wye Oak or New Year's Eve by Tom Waits
oh my goodness! So precious!
UGH that always happens. fixed now.
I wish i would have tried out for an extra in public enemies when i had the chance when they filmed in crown point! In 2009
Texas is by far the worst state in America. I say leave tht shit to mexico
Next step - get a brilliant #agent!
8,599 miles between HPC and yet same #gospelinilfe series, same hope&heart behind it, and same Lord and Savior.
Thank you! Look forward to it. Nice shirt! ;-)
So when do our "good friends" the Saudis help us?...i think it might be the time we pull the plug on them........hm?
I'm gonna be performing for a bunch of senior citizens
My flight for Los Angeles leaves in 12 hours, and I haven't even started packing yet. So much to do, so little time.
I just realized I'm on my account... That explains why the News Feed was still in October....
good morning milwaukee, thanks for being like 35 degrees today...
: What? Your Daughter is Evolving! Congratulations! Your Daughter evolved into... A WHORE!
We're gonna laugh, we're gonna drink till' the morning comes. That's what we're gonna do....COME ON....COME ON!!!!
Anyone coming into #cwcon want to recommend/share a shuttle from the airport?
CD COMES OUT NOV 15TH! PICK IT UP!
Justin Bieber is just awful, awful, awful.
Thanks so much!
It was actually a Man-Project?
yeah so if we were in seats and they had empty vip they might move us up
On my way to work -___- I would be soo much happier if I loved my job, thats why I will continue to pursue Modeling I love Modeling! :)
I demolish my bridges behind me...then there is no choice but to move forward. - Firdtjof Nansen
Late to the game seeing your tweet about this, but I've been feeling the same way lately. Its gotten so bad I can't even write!
I'm ready for some #FSU football.
Watching some guy playing catch with his little brother. This is one of those few precious moments in life :)
I don't agree with it personally, but I don't harbor any hate towards those who choose that lifestyle
napoleon dynamite = pussy destroyer
That's awesome. You're gonna be a beast when your program's over
": congrats Awarded for tenacious effort. Die hard fans continue to #Believe. 7 Wins! 9 to go." >YES WE DO!
Thanks for following us back! AND thanks for bringing back Body Bling (no longer have to fly to NYC)! #tooexcited! XOXO!
mine or yours?
I DON'T HAVE MY PHONE!!!!! MY MOM TOOK IT AWAY!!!!!! SHE WENT TO 34TH STREET!!!
Haha I'd die without my tv! that's too funny. Xoxo
is it bad that when I read this and it said "walker" I was thinking walking dead??
you're on the east coast?? Where?? I'm in Boston.
yeah house cup. Just not august 11th. We have beer fest in Madison :-)
uh oh....I hope you don't have to take your jacket off
Eh, I've tried that with women. It doesn't work.
Kobe Bean Bryant
cant believe Justin's gonna be 18 remember watching OneTime, watching him get all his awards watching his movie? omg :')
When we receive God's gift of life by relying on Christ, we find God comes to act with us as we rely on him in our actions: Willard
You should never hate an entire group of people for arbitrary reasons. You need good reasons-like being redheaded. That's just gross.
": Near death?" I think you need to take your turn at the debate desk.
Jealous, jealous, jealous... Have fun!
"Apologizing does not mean you are wrong and the other person is right. It just means you value your relationship more than your ego."
Today is a day to figure out who & What you need to cut out of your life to grow
Back rubs are the bessstt!
and FB'd it.
what time do you want to leave? I don't know whether to text you because I don't know if it will come?
The dance is a poem of which each movement is a word. ~Mata Hari
I guess it will depend on your culture and upbringing.
Who will win the NNS race today??
no later than 6 pm.
Good thing Carolina shot down gay marriage and stood up for "traditional marriage." You know, like w your cousin/brother/sister…
No iPad, but I have been using my mom's cast-off iPod Touch a bit. (Generally frustrating! But lighter than my computer.)
profile looks good buddy. Burris brats = common interests! PS- run that spell-check! :)
The office just previewed our new commercial-- we'll be on Comcast and Verzion FiOS in NE 189 times in April!
Go out into the world today and love the people you meet.
Now entering the post Salt Lick meat sweats.
I'm ugly.
taped to the light pole
I don't get how someone could be in a relationship, but their out partying every single night as if their single!!!!
air super thick out here.. def chill by the lake.. goin west young man!
Found my oldest 78 yet today--Consejos of Sig. E. Franscisco on a 1901 Victor Monarch single-sided disc. At $1, cheap thrills!
A muddy shirt on the ground, A woman's shirt. No one nearby topless. A few footprints on it.
Great win y'all district is OURS! Way to put your heart in it and give it everything!
Make change happen!
Pretty sure I could design more functional public restrooms than the professionals.
Don't smoke. Avoid alcohol and weight gain. Get adequate nutrition and sleep. Relax and enjoy yourself. And Exercise!!
did you have to go to Robyn?
i have 2 friends who sell them. i have 1 big warmer and a plug in. Pick something out and let me know. its on the house
At Richmond Police HQ waiting to see what is going to tweet...
SON #1: Do you have a headache, Mama? ME: Mmmhmmm. SON #2: Is it 'cause we're loud, rowdy boys? #WellKindaDarlin'
Why oh why every time I look like crap must the campus video shoot people insist on using me in their video?
": Good morning :)<3" good morning<3
Rachel Crow killed that ish ... #xfactor. Btw ... Simon got so much swag ...
DNS is not Domain Naming System (0.33), it stands for Domain Name System
Have a Safe Halloween!
IN LOVE #SAYSOMETHIN OMG LOVE IT !!! We must meet. K ? K <U+0001F499>
Thanks for the mention We loved Cambodia!
Aw, didn't you have that at your wedding? You guys are adorable! (I'm not stalking you, I just remembered because I knew Sean)
getting him to cooperate when changing his poopie diaper!
Have you ever thought of doing a podcast about traffic and patterns? Planned cities? Sounds fun! (not really but interesting!)
Not as much vomit on the streets as i thought therekd be today.
The finder turns researching benefits into something simple -- just like using turbotax, using categories and a faceted search tool
remembering how awkward middle school was....I was always really quiet until recently. broke outta mah shell, now I never shut up
I still remember that feeling I felt when I first started talking to you.
Bloomberg: "This is a major turning point in the history of American civil rights.. a testament to the President’s convictions"
9,000 pages of UFO-related papers and parliamentary questions recorded by Britain's Ministry of Defence (MoD) from 1985 to 2007 released!
We're so excited for a Cosmo latina style!! We three latinas will definitely be reading!!
Hungry 4 More Mondays! Get it in!!!
Great post. I loved South Riding also! Will try North & South next, based on your rec.
Stop by Wells Fargo today in Indian Hills for a free shave ice and prizes
Headed to Pasadena for the #CincoDeMayo festival
no, I can't say I do that one. You're on your own. Weirdo.
that's what fucking happens when you can't knock down free throws and let a team stay in the game. damn just keep outing pts on the board!!
oh we are in and filling up our bags!
I'm bored...my nephew is sitting here with me xD
cold beer & cunts, happy Sunday
check out surrender tonight it's a new Thursday It's fall time Free admission just use my name Travis Sosa at the guestlist
RT If you sexy and you know it put a candle on my mo f* back baby blow it... Cake cake cake cake <U+0001F44F><U+0001F44F><U+0001F44F>
yeah i know that song!! I love it! And im glad that you wont forget me! Love you! <3
he got a good spot! :)
You take your Hair extensions out every other day... I mean I would never be able to tell its fake.
Good and you?
Good afternoon! Getting ready to flirt and take photos at
I guess one question is what do you think about the concept? :) Too modern for my taste. It should fit into the community better
After his newest triumph, a fake account will happen any day now...congrats, buddy!
I hope i never cross your mind, Im glad i never entered your heart but its okay we where doomed from the start.
lol maybe, I did a marilyn Monroe portrait spend a month drawing it brought it home from school for the dogs to pee on it <U+0001F44E>
Don't forget to follow to get the latest updates about our June 13-15 Annual Users Conference!
I guarantee it!
yes. open house party at your house. (;
Going to be a bad mistake to have bbq chicken as a midnight snack.
Listen now to to
Neilsen also has been stellar this season.
Going to Rainbow ball day today after we take baby to school! Jackpot winners today! We R.
Getting myself McDonalds because I deserve it.
what's the matter JCJ?
thanks so much!
glad you have your priorities straight! Love it!
this is my first year trying these. I am actually looking to do some winter biking but have to see what locals do
“: FHBO Bahahaha :)” yup been there did that yesterday.... Anna can say the same!!! Lol
just wanted to say that I am absolutely loving your Wal-Mart hate today.
Sarcasm is just one more service I offer.
I've vacationed at Portland and Kennebunkport Maine. I went in early June, a bit nippy then but fun & lots of cheap lobster
“The unselfish effort to bring cheer to others will be the beginning of a happier life for ourselves.” - Helen Keller
I bet when wakes up she will smile at the tweets I tweeted her :D
Milly, your straight is showing. -
#CareerRealTalk Retain the services of an accountant, insurance and bonding agent that specialize in your industry
Hash is here!!!
I think my body is trying to suffocate itself. I can't breath through my nose, and its hard/hurts to swallow. Its been nice knowing you all.
thank you so much! glad you liked it :)
Kickin it at #devlearn booth 225 today, great group from Sharing the love of maestromobile and brainbin a learning community.
Thanks for RTing!
next time you should bring your own satellite with you or cell tower lol
back to my movie
Luckily, you don't have to believe in evolution to benefit from it.
Thank you for your continued support. We sure do need it ;)
Continuing to keep the entire Vandeven family in my prayers. Reminds you to Live Jesus every day and to not take it for granted
how u doing im back
thanks friend!!
Loved the dress you wore at WhiteHouseCorrespondentsDinner and that was a cc:
Can you tell I said I was sorry
whew - that was close
wah! I'm a night owl if that helps at all! Or i'll wake up super duper early. It's just I also have one last gift to give you!
Thank YOU for sharing your wisdom at the Writers' Conference!
Thanks though
please follow
Everyone should check out new music vid. Or if you havent already, check out the band!
Less talk, more swag. Sophisticated swag.
Waiting at the dentist's office to get my teeth cleaned!! So freakin hungry!!
I really feel you on this one.
They took our jobs
RT “: I need a pedicure with a chain saw”| DAMN! <U+0001F602><U+0001F602><U+0001F602>
Only have 140 characters to make idiots understand what I'm saying. RT : Who says convos, it's *conversations
It is great to see your face. Miss you. Are you somewhere fabulous, exotic and sunny? It is raining here today.
I love my auntie. She just dropped me off a care package :)
I AM EMPOWERED Award For Housing presented to Congresswoman Karen Bass (D-CA).
I need a hug.
SO EXCITED FOR THIS WEEKEND
thanks for the follow Miss Beavis!
You are only coming through in waves
#np The Downfall of Us All....
“If you want to feel rich, just count the things you have that money can't buy”
Dude, I don't know how you do it! But you are getting better all the time!! More movies!! Kick more a$$. Have a great 4th.
wait, Bachelorette premieres tonight?!
that is pending me checking it out, etc. go to bed!
I regret what I just did
i got chu
No, you're fun and games
RT : Harry Freaking Styles.
I love diggy new albulm its the best
Off to Seoul, last stop of the tour.
Congratulations to this one and only for being elected as the next President of APO! So excited for you girlie.
I find a bit of sick pleasure in holding the door for people that are still far away to force them into an awkward run.
BUT.. what I was grateful for yesterday is my family (who I'm with in spirit), my true friends (u know who u r lol) =
people that spread rumors honey are just insecure about themselves and will say anything to tear you down.
lmfao who brings a gun to a teenager party
RT Once #Aquarians made a decision to end the relationship, there are very few chances to win them back
come down real quick
sure! lets get started on email:
lmao hell naww! I just choked laughing!
the same, living this college life...ready to come home doe
Those were days.
kitchen ??) you?
Driving back to NorCal, listening to nothing but the only thing keeping me awake
Day started with "America's Game" (92 Cowboys), Super Cross Highlights and NBA Basketball the rest of the day! :)
alas some teachers are still think that way about wikipedia
would be nice if slipped to rnd 2 and indy could steal him.
HAPPY EASTER!
If it weren't for the fact that the TV set and the refrigerator are so far apart, some of us wouldn't get any exercise at all
yes it was one to remember but it's not done yet I celebrate the entire week lol .... I think my bday a holiday
At an assignment at a school in Hampden. My iPhone keeps picking up WiFi called "Rum Ham."
SO jealous!!!
why don't they have that in #miamibeach?
where u stay?
thanks man! Hope you are doing well!
The mint makes it first, it is up to you to make it last. Esar, Evan
Oh yay! I'll try to find you. I can't wait for this one! :)
Hey! We R at #SoCo2010 too. Would love to meet you. is working our booth. Stop by 2 chat. Have FUN!
Poppicock. At least Tim Burton's failures are marginally entertaining. Bad M is pretentious and unwatchable.
#IHaveNoRespectForYou if you have no respect for . <U+E402>
lol I'll try next time
(Ahmed, again) ... does she expose the bad feeling that get hidden, displaced, or negated under public signs of joy?
Hey, can I come with you?
Thx for the add! Much appreciated!
yea let me get a coffee... Three creams... 1 and a half sugars.
AIBA members - this is your page! Come and tell our 178 followers about your biz, your specials, your promotions - this is your platform.
"No Soup For You! "
this makes me happy. #MCBW RT @ looking forward to hitting madison tomorrow with a grip fulla weird beer.
#Rewind2011 was #awesome! Let's review, I got a #smartphone and too!
Top recs: Artemis Fowl, Origami Yoda, Howl's Moving Castle.
Listening to one direction and playing frisbee on wii!
sold u brah thts the only way i fly
Lmaoo I can't eve see ten screen ont phone. I'm gone son.
If everything is cyclical then what will be the counterpoint to the explosion of new electronic media consumption devices. Remember books?
a good day is when you disappear for 3 hours to take an exam and reappear to discover 5 chock-full-of-exciting-ideas messages in your inbox.
Bruce Webber said part of the reason he went to KSU was because of tradition
plzz follow me
Yeah? That's cool bro.
I don't know who I'd rather the Panthers face. Flyers or Sens. Both will be incredibly tough to beat. I kinda wanted the Bruins.
I like you.
having Settebello for lunch m
7-inch screen? Well read on for TiPb’s top 10 most recommended, most must-have readings apps for your iPad
One does not have a Twitcam while I am at school. I don't want to miss it! :(
More Christmas lights set for town - Horncastle News More Christmas lights set for town Horncastle News Horncastle Town Council agreed la
Hi please follow me!<3
"utterly predictable" as many see true for climate change. And there are deficit deniers and those who think we can wait to act
Congrats to and their Jr. Kings 16U teammates on going 5-0 at Pacific Districts. Now
ha! I would pay to see that!
She likes this one too...
hopefully getting this job at the casino :)
Who the heck is Nick Perry???
Happy Star Wars Day!
Live a life without drama. <<<<<
Get happy! Happy hour specials every day from 4-7! We've got $3 Chicago dogs, $2 strong beer, and 1/2 price chips & salsa!
Insanely business but good! And you?
holy crap your paintings are awesome!
This weeks been a bad massage, I need a happy ending
yay! my hard work paid off!
Demi allegedly went to a divorce attorney but she & Ashton also went camping last weekend. Sounds a lot like Brad & Jen.
okay I will :D
Miami is NOT letting up!
Are you familiar with Etsy? Sellers there have coupon codes sometimes.
So what's a guy got to do to get off the wait list and into the party? :)
haha sweet! you get them?
Tweeting from my Google Wave... :)
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG, OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA & TO THE REPUBLIC
Crowded ass cafeteria, ignorant ass workers...
Oh really can see me?:)
What's up My Niggaass ; it's Been a minute since I've been on :P
except w/ me because we're getting civil unioned
2012 Texas Longhorn Football Team Entering Stadium | Team USA ...
See the people behind it. Truly trolling. But yes, I see it in context of a larger whole as well.
Thank you for spreading the word about moving your money out of the "Too big to fail" Banks!
This fiscal yr in MI, 76% more GenFund $ will go to prisons than to public universities. RT if you think that’s wrong.
Hmm I like your line of thinking.
i thought ur white when i first saw yu lmao
need to work out how to retweet faster then two months later then original tweet
Our government should honor veterans by bringing home the troops.
what did the Post do this time? Out of loop
Good morning love :)
Follow Back Please
thanks!! So exciting to see everything we did around town!
Hahaha xD it's that ghetto talk!
smh gotta go through this shit again
Today I released my federal tax returns from the last 6 years. Will give #NY27 voters the same transparency? They deserve it.
The villain in my new Redshift book uses a silver revolver instead of a charge gun. Old school.
Al Sharpton look like an Old ass katt Williams.....
hey, thanks for the intro!
do u know when u will start filming the show?? Will it cause conflict with the tour dates u have scheduled?? XO
what movie did u girls get after all
Happy Monday everyone! What did you all think of last night's #Oscars?
hahaha it's alright i understand(:
Trying to get motivated to get on the treadmill a second day in a row.
Beautiful day for a drive to Schenectady. Looking forward to spending some QT with Mama Carter!
Cant tweet it <U+0001F637>RT : what's wrong??
what are we wearing to school today
Way to jinx it.
Like coffee? Could U convince 4 friends to give $1 to charity? Get a $5 card each time u do! "START A CAMPAIGN"
just cuz I wanna relax a bit lol
was here hacking yooo shit cause i made it :D
I want to see your name on the credits! :) Go, James!
Not enough hours in the day. Seriously.
Give it to a tireless, thoughtful, financially strapped theater teacher! #IcemanTixs Please?! Thank you kindly!!
Hey babe. How's life treatin ya?
that sounds about right. The average Bulls ticket is $68.37
Good luck with your interviews next week! where are they at?
Living a life with a constant hope that you can make a difference while earning a living seems impossible sometimes.
WOOT WOOT!!! We're waiting in Minneapolis! Can't wait til you are on VIKING Drive!!!
where are you at right now? lol idk anywhere
DONE WITH FINALS!!! It's going to be a great summer. Yahoo!!!
thanks. Big one tomorrow to advance to the Final Four.
The world needs a & collaboration.
My dog's breath smells like hardboiled eggs, just in time for easter.
Big weekend of baking ahead! Chocolate, caramel filled turtle,redvelvet, vanilla bean and keylime. *hungry yet*?
Significantly Updated 2013 Toyota Venza to Make North American Debut at New York International Auto Show
Iaght bro, does it have to be gospel?
Beastie Boys made it cool to be white...
what magazine is that?
If I told you I can read minds, you would swear I'm illiterate.
Saturday night - BARCELONA Vs REAL MADRID - GO BARRCCCAAAAA
BTW, love the name--both of them. Two giants of history.
Blake, that's a blocking foul every time. Every. Single. Time.
Thanks! We love having you as our customer!
The ___ painted door swung open. You saw___ gathered around a glowing ____. What do you do?
ConfirmedRT : I'm hearing reports of brian shaw wearing Maseish shiny suit jacket. Can this be confirmed
No problem! You'll be fine!
At AHO meeting in Omaha. Doris Bergen gave excellent talk on relationship between scholars and survivors.
hmm is this the first day you could see it usa always seems to be the last
Mississippi Street Fair tomorrow?
lambvox: I'm a vampire
Never forget Oliver Robinson leading UAB to huge upset of Ralph Sampson and #1 UVA in '82 NCAA. Now a success in politics.
My peace is orchestrated by God
look into downloading a torrent client like bitlord to download torrents. that's the best way to download/collect music.
m chantrel mushroom bisque. i'll be going on a run tonight...
always 1 step ahead!
we do not, but that's a great idea. do let us know if you find anyone who can do that!
*shrugs.. Lies you tell..
I will thx jelly
I'm up , Who's in for After-party after-party ???!!!!
I Heart ! Great customer service and awesome site for SEO and market research
truly diamond!!!!!:)
You know how it goes
This is rediculous totally should have won
Enjoying the natural beauty of Lake Tahoe while preparing to do a webcast to Johanbesburg. What a world!
You know im bored out of my mind when I spend an excessive amount of time on facebook. Good lord
I lived in NC from 2008 until October of last year. It's a great state. Make it better by voting against Amendment 1 today.
They cackle...and suck.
word. standby
I find it essential that humanity knows how to survive outside this expansive commercialism/capitalism regime. Could u survive nature?
Planning a fundraiser? Does your team need t-shirts designed and printed? Give us a shout we'll be happy to assist :)
M, delicious nanotech. . .
i know really - recruiters are getting kinda desperate and lame
I don't do NHL. Moral opposition. But the NFL Draft will be interesting, for sure.
The Oregon Zoo is offering free admission for military (& family) this Friday to commemorate Veterans Day. (ID required)
Fastest national anthem ever #sharks #canucks wtf canada?
What's the deal with long beards in basketball now? I don't get it.
About to head to the coastal city of Valparaíso with and to celebrate Fiestas Patrias!!
I might just have the best grandparents in the whole world !!!! I love my family so blessed :)))
My sleep schedule has sadly enough become 4 AM-noon. I'm not proud. But waking up at 9AM tomorrow shall be quite the bitch.
just fuck with the galaxy lol much better my nigga
I wish i could pitch every game
Watching Harry Potter, third one this week. I wish I was a wizard.
We have faith in you! Its tonight at 8 AND 8:30pm.. We are doing $25 Visa Gift Card AND free samples
you are special! you were one of my first new friends during this whole journey of writing this series!
lol well the goals are part of soccer lol no I do like it the just take too long sometimes!
I like your tweet.
Heading out to the meeting ! Diplo tonight! You don't want to miss out!!
“: Everyday is follow friday when you're a stalker.” lol
ahh what kind is it?!
is welcoming her newest sorors to the Que-Tee-Ful land of Chi Zeta Theta Sorority, Inc...congrats C.H.I. Maintenance!!!
especially w/o coffee “: Have you ever actually watched the early bird get the worm? It's pretty brutal.”
leaving #nutcracker for the last time this year & I can hear cheers for the dancing bear from out on grace street.
when and where is your next show?
Keeping my eyes peeled to spot more of the all-stars of e-learning here at #LSCon. Rock stars spotted so far
For dinner try our SEARED SEA SCALLOPS, pear puree, applewood bacon, micro arugula, pecan vinaigrette
1st time back in the gym since foot surgery! Here we go !
Why is it as soon as i get in the bed i cant sleep bv when its time to get ready for work im ready to sleep like a baby
Had to get the sides of my teeth sanded down a lil to make room for them to move...eek
I am fully armed with Claritan, Mucinex, VapoRub, Kleenex, and a sick day. Allergy attack: I am coming for you.
I just want to remind everyone that you're beautiful!:)
Happy Tuesday tweeps! Who's going to play #trivia this afternoon? You can win a $10 gift card from #SUBWAY! Yummy yummy.
Sounds like a great sports weekend!
In choosing a president, we really don't choose a Republican or Democrat, a conservative or liberal. We choose a leader. - Rudy Giuliani
Sniper elite v2... Oh my goodness
would be nice but we signed Bennett and can get a TE later
got you bro
that awkward moment when your sister smacks your ass...
Any funny Valentine Day stories you'd like to share? Did everything work out as planned?
Oh Florida please be still tonight and don't disturb this love of mine .
feel like i ask you this over and over lol. but what turny is goin on and when is late reg til? gl!
Why am I wearing sneakers to a midnight premiere? O.o
I am in such a fabulous mood I just want to tell all of you amazing people CARPE DIEM!!! & no I am not high... Just high on life!!!
Feeling great!! Just did a 20min jog, 20min jump rope & 20min tone. Now gotta get ready for work. Have a nice day;)
Time is going by fast...I'm getting old.
leave those holiday decorations up til. March like my neighbor!
Making notes on the rough cut of our film. I really like what we have, but some tweaks are definitely needed.
That's a great pic! I love that you like A Walk To Remember.
yea but I gotta get up at 6
baby when you need someone to translate to spanish here i am !
No! Who does that?! You have the busiest workplace, lol
Just prayed to the Orgo and stats gods Mostly Orgo. Amen
grooving to some funky music and hitting the mountain Wednesday for some snow boarding.
Honored 2 be here! RT : Good to have & at #metro2012. Awesome couple.
amazing that running back would be the thinnest position at USC
I'm pretty sure, given daylight savings time and all, that the sun is over the yardarm at 11 now.
i never know what to tweet in the morning.
Crying doesn't indicate that you're weak. Since birth, it has always been a sign that you're alive.
Good! I thought the race was over after that fire broke out, but apparently it wasn't. I'm glad Kurt didn't win.
On the porch talking to
tonight at Bottom of the Hill! Tickets support Free the Hikers
My sister is probablly the fakest person I know...
glad to hear it!
If we changed our name (slightly) would you still love us?
It's kinda fun to 'spy' on on O while she's at daycare.
I thought Graveyard Book was bit "odd" too. Thanks for Maggie's perspective!
Nothing but my own fear and distrust can separate me from the love of friends
Change does not necessarily mean death of something. In most cases it's all about "survival". We evolve in order to survive. -Rio
REPUTATION FOR TASTING :-)
everyone just hates me
amazing weekend ahead...hell yea I'm looking forward to it:))))
A: Issue more complicated than idea Antropology exploiting indiginous people - link from to follow shortly
props to you.
' Trying to get my tweets up lol I'm done tho!
Already baby ;).
I knew it was coming and am still stunned and so sad.
Agreed! RT : So many hot consumer co's *only* on iOS @ the moment: Instagram. Flipboard. Color. Milk. Quora. Pinterest.
-very creative! Interesting take on Mickey; Marilyn would have probably loved it?
Ugh im done with this y do i even try i get my hopes up an u crush them every time
working a new song. Loopin' up a storm.
and we thought the Lord Sanchez hype was bad. Unbelievable!
": Lolol I have some friends would like u! RT : Born A Scunt, Die A Scunt....A Muda-Scunt" - U Know How I Stay loll
: "Sometimes happiness is to need for nothing" - thanks for all the insight. That particular quote touched me.
Grumpy Old Fan | Three new comics, two new Earths - Comic Book Resources
take it to the bridge steve!
Thanks for the RT!
yay! Time to get your room cleaned and pimped out<3
Got an iPhone!!!! :D
don't make me tweet at you from a shell script could write!
haha he will! just keep asking(:
Realizing your best friend and you drank for 12 hours straight..... And survived.
NBD, Its a Ghost Baby
o that the deffinition of me
The real source of wealth and capital in this new era is not material things.. it is the human mind, the human spirit, the human...
you owe it to yourself.
then u do a pretty good job
Popsicle sticks. Kids decorate w marker, glitter, poms & then see what we can make! Pen holders, bird houses, garden sticks...
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 63F Fair: 63F Fair
May the lord bless you and keep you for that. Kate is the true miracle.
I find it funny that pressed concert bootleg CDs have the gall to say "unauthorized reproduction prohibited".
ha glad i could help from afar
Which team do you think BYU will be facing?
Kissing someone you always wanted to kiss >
Let's find out - Scott () is looking for an assistant editor in LA to start asap for a couple wks. Know anyone?
Suppose to be doing a project for speech but I'm looking up music videos <3
he hates me cause i called him gay -_-
Will Middlebrooks, your mother should be so, so, so, so, so, so proud.
thx for opportunity to ask ?s on WEAI! When will all survey tools be released? How long does it take to conduct one survey?
School is a joke now lik im so done....im on summer break
Oh, and did I mention that I've got Girl Scout cookies?! This day is kicking ass!
Anyone wanna go skate?
MONKEY (in r.w. voice) ik u got my tweets lol but anyways I Need CHUCK E CHEESE COUPONS!!
You can get everything in life you want if you help enough other people get what they want. Zig Ziglar
ARRGGHHHH!!! I will never make it I'm almost 2 hours away. Is there any way to get updates during game?
Election time & unemployment is out of control n/p just shink the labor pool. When will these liars & thieves in DC tell us the truth?
Bro you wanna go to we all get fucked up and get laid
how well do you know the folks over at the grape?
Love you more.. Forever ;)
not sure I agree with you re video comms being the future of social. no one uses facetime and video chatting is private not social
yea I don't really like doing laundry -.-
I'm new to this shizzzz, be patient!
there it is.
“: Don't worry about the people who hate you, worry about the people who love you.”
me too.
That's why I was a Hall of Famer
This isnt a good day, really tired & in a bad mood.
twitter should just be called "staller"
IT'S A TRAP!
welcomes Michael Copella, Vice President to our team. Michael brings 6+ yrs experience in commerical real estate! Welcome!
hey who won d cruise! I am waiting 4 ur call! Lol
i don't do these stuff, if u want just follow & ask if u don't then u don't have to.. i'm not here to gain a million follower
The cool thing is you know there are people out there who were at every damn City game in the second and third division, now they get today.
Yu should learn 4rm a mistake the first go round....I mean why wld it tk going threw the same ish a numerous amount of tyMes b4 yu get it?!.
enjoying this Saturday morning!!.
how long did u play?
talking to your self is fine but answering? Idk you might wanna get some help;P
I apologize for not being able to attend tonight's event as I was already committed to another meeting. Congrats
I've been talking crazy boy. I'm lucky that you picked up, lucky that you stayed on. I need someone to put this weight on..
I'm eating yogurt nearly every day too, lost 10 lbs in the last 30 days. And like the mice, I, too, am feeling shiny.
no problem babe
Just got my bellybutton pierced =P it didn't hurt at all!! =P I thought it would hurt like hell!! =P hahah a pleasant surprise ;D
Pacers vs
. TY for follow. How far are you from Cincy?
I now have business cards. I'm official!
Traditional presentation tools too easily entice us to create a "wall of text" that quickly blocks out listeners
Music audition and portfolio review at Augustana tomorrow. I might die.
Nic deserves the best. I'm so happy for her. She's living her dreams. She's blessed & so loved.
waiting to get a table for sushi.
happy birthday!
Baseball today & tomorrow
Gay in here be thinking its American best dance crew
One of my all time favorites!
I have Greg Jennings, Wes Welker, and Marques Colston on my team. Do I bench any one of them for Beanie Wells?
#ThingsNotTodoAfterAbreakup start talking to her friends
LJ is a young 30. Got a late career start behind Preist. Vermeil ~Take off diapers
Wats invisible but smells like carrots ??????
lol I don't know what girls you be talking to lol
S/O to my new followers >>>
forgive me- was that ME? Can't remember that interview... But retraction noted!
's annoying day was turned around by a game of hoops with 's Yates Field House.
will do!
Are you ready for some football???
It's raining Atlanta come Park at Indoor for Outdoor Pricing. Please stop by the outdoor booth attendant first to park Indoor for $6.99/day!
These hoes r so funny
Can't wait to read it next! : My #fridayreads is Alison Bechdel's ARE YOU MY MOTHER? ”
Going to the BROWNS GAME!!!!
Poverty and diminished local control of schools due to corporatization efforts.
There really is nothing better in this world though than clean sheets and a clean room... ah the simple pleasures :)
Walked out of school today and came across a circle of guitars and people shouting the lyrics to "Say It Ain't So". whatisthisidonthipster
Toxic clouds of gas that randomly strike small towns near gas production. Kind of worrisome.
Life is like a box of condoms. no matter which one you pick you're gonna get fucked ;]
eq is trying to get at Sahara, trade with Arabia, Niger river, wealth and travel generated by gold, fighting over resources
Are you #thetypeofperson who wants to #reform NY's #criminaljustice system through grassroots #advocacy? Answer: YES.
Metro Diner I feel your irresistible call!
It's NOT hard at all!!! :-) You deserve it...
#hth2012 Cloud computing (depending on what kind of "cloud" one means) can be very centralizing. Path to dependency on cloud providers?
Forget the light at the end of the tunnel. It's usually just a break between tunnels. Learn to love the tunnel - Scrappy Project Mgmt book
it's 8:30 and i'm going to bed on a saturday night.
If u followers under 30 don't know how great Albert Brooks, Billy Crystal & Steve Martin r, rent DRIVE, MR. SATURDAY NIGHT & THE JERK stat
Join us for Sunday Brunch, reservations for parties of 5 or more, delicious All Organic Vegan Juices, Cocktails, Specials & Full Brunch Menu
#kyderby adventure starts now. Going to be big.
Back to the wack
i need prople to follow me
I would recommend seeing LMFAO in concert. What a great band!
Remember, ISTEP starts back up next week (now with new and improved online testing!). Be sure our kids are rested and safe this weekend!
I think I just witnessed the real life govt boys club at work.
I feel like that's (Chacin)giving up on a game before it's out of reach, no?And I'd have let Pom go on, (easy from here) RT
#4FamousWords, bring your own beer.
Snitches are bitches that end up in ditches.
Delays. B.S.!
Tonight Coffee House! Rachel Platten w/ Bess Rogers & Gavin Jones! Doors @ 7pm! Tix are selling fast... don't miss out tonight!
New year's Resolution- go to Ga state... move to my Condo downtown
cool dont miss the season finale !!!!!!!!
hope to see you when I go to Cali in August!
RT : If you like funny tweets, then you must follow now! They have some of the funniest tweets on twitter....
welp, time to get my snacks ready
Eat balls, Philly.
I love rhianna!
no meeting tonight!
Just realized what TCBY stands for...
are you in school now?
Guilty : <U+200E>90% people at some point in their life have tried to close the fridge slowly to see when the light goes out.
YES or NO R short words which need long thought. Most of the troubles in Life R the result of saying 'Yes' 2 soon or 'NO' 2 Late
dude, so are you back here yet?
Want more blog traffic? Often times blog traffic, like website traffic, can be elusive. Be proactive in getting blog traffic, use RSS.
I'M GOING TO SHIT MY FUCKING PANTS
Excuse me, Mr. Marilyn Manson sir... Why are your tickets starting at $115.00, for the House of Blues? Um.. no.. thanks.., that's ok..
you scared me when I started reading that lol never start off a sentence like that again.
I took 7 Yellow jacket wasp stings this morning. MUCH better than cleaning Lovebugs off of cars..yuck!!!
The shout out is well deserved. Love the painted skull in the front window. Great touch!
I just watched my 6 Yr stepson play soccer. He is really good at dancing on the field. But kicking...
Not fedora in a dark alley kind of sketchy I hope. // Need help with anything?
Halfway through THE ADDING MACHINE at -- an amazing production, loving it.
Loving the new show "United Stats of America" on the History Channel. Funny, educational, gratuitous boobs. Watch it now!
GRANDIOSE SIMPLICITY!!
Having an all Mozart day today... performing from Symphonies 1, 35, & 41 for kids.
Had a productive evening...hoping it's the start of a trend...
Now following The
Y U NO MAKE ANTHONY IS BORED!?!? D:<
chop yours off & give it to me. :):)
I rather more money more problems, than having no money and being your problem - los
So awesome last night on when won said "nobody but Jesus, Nobody!". That was awesome and this man can sing!
I'm trying to be brave.
Just downed a bottle of water right before going to bed. NOT
i thought it was being made by Sony ?
new economics of Publicy: social status/rankings yield benefits - hotels handing out freebies based on CloudScore ratings
sounds good. Looking forward to it. Who knows :)
macs suck.
I will put it on the list for a kitty name now!
RT While survival rates 4 childhood cancers have improved, little 2 no progress has been made against pediatric brain tumors.
Leonardo da Vinci
Ouchie, something bit my leg, and it hurts !
Definitely not, but most of the others are usual suspects like Oakland, etc.
Didn't ask, please don't tell! LOL : )
You welcome:)
McCain is dead on spending freeze except for defense!
might need to kill the man in his sleep tonight.
You are suppose to have hangovers on Saturdays silly
Good thought for the weekend RT Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. Vince...
Before you go to bed tonight, make sure you plan to come in for Monday Brunch tomorrow. (or just call it 'lunch' if you're working.)
I can never sleep anymore.
yall fake self we know u not a real celeb cause you dont have that blue check mark on your profile
Nice to make your acquaintance Ivan. WE enjoyed your article in Entrepreneur magazine. Thanks for the follow too!
What are some good recipes for a liquid diet?: Please do not give me milkshake, soup recipes or anything that has alcohol. I need som...
you're welcome. Your product looks like it can change the way kids think mathematically.
Man R.I.P cases boi shonte damn this shit gotta stop . But fa now "thats just the way it is" -tupac
got tan today (:
Anybody sellin some Food stamps hit me up need $100 or better serious ppl pls# no Low ballers..im tryin to help a friend out
I'm too busy for blog posts! *sob*
We can be alone/together
Who should follow?
huh? Lol anyways he's gay.
They wanna talk What they gonna say
I met a girl yesterday that reminds me of kortney. She's from texas.
In my opinion, The Housemartins are what is needed this morning. And coffee.
The Elon Jazz Ensemble will b playing 2day @ Grove. Free show, doors open at 6pm. Bring a chair. We'll, of course, have food & wine 4 sale.
Sometimes the littlest things can make me incredibly happy.
Let's go mountaineers!!!!
hey we're just down the road - let's catch up and grab a beer soon
Just when we thought it was all over....
haha I sent wmag a tweet about the photoshop of KStew. Would love to see the "before" photo. Looks more like clean & sober Lohan.
Flash video format is often used because it works across computing platforms. Final content depends on user needs, though.
im chilling/working in Ft Campbell/near Nashville.. weather has been worse than Seattle, makes me miss home..
long story
The UDC Backus Campus will offer 23 Associate Degree programs including fashion merchandising and construction.
haha, everyone in barbosa's room is on twitter. xD
I have a feeling Kimmy and Lucas are going to be my #dancemomsmiami favorites :) thoughts ?
Sup RT : RETWEET if you are up! Tweet me...
I used to give a fuck, now I give a fuck less.
intense napping
i wanna dog <3
It feels good to get on twitter and see new followers when u havent get on for the longest
Yeah dude, we have met up 8 or 9 times but we finally see what each other looks like without a snow helmet & goggleson!
San Diego area. Will be coming to more locations soon!!
you know you churchy when you practice your shout
I have a gun ud better make sure I have cigerettes- jo green
Why is it that no matter which computer I chose, its always broke? Smh...
In Your Presence That's Where I Am Strong! In Your Presence That's Where I Belong! In Your Presence Oh God! In Your Presence! HALLELUJAH!
oh #frozenstrawberrylemonade is for mcdonalds. I get it now!
Justin Coughlin had 14 points to go along with career highs in 3-pointers and blocks last night -- in only 18 minutes.
Questions re on : 1. What options viz Pakistan did Obama give up by increasing troop levels? 2. What troop level >>
its silly, I liked it :)
I'm just thinking if i'm going to keep my twitter account or not
#musesocial Developing an online game for people who will never visit physical site: worth it?
CC tenant Glenora Company selling a variety of office furniture items. If interested, e-mail Chuck at
Fanaticism consists in redoubling your effort when you have forgotten your aim.
Why am I waking up at 6 on a Saturday?
Seriously though. I DID NOT SEE THAT COMING holy shit hahaha.
Finally leaving the gym good workout!!
I imagine "You're all trash!" is followed by three quick snaps!
When my kids were small, absolutely. I'd get dirty looks, but I'm the one who has to keep track of them. ": Leashes on kids???"
<U+2708>on some other shit.
I am lounging while my works. Also? I can now walk around barefoot w/out collecting enough dog fur to create an afghan.
how does work ? Lol
We were just voted best #tshirt website of the year! We awarded it to ourselves, but hey, that still counts.
21 Jump Street
cowards come in abundance, the strong and true are few..
if you're not smiling for your #phoneinterview, maybe it's not the right job for you:)
A productive two days of working to setup audio/gallery capabilities on our site. Almost time to kick off the weekend!
Makin big moves today
The problem is that it shouldn't be that way; that's why academia often feels so homogenous.
Follow he gives love advice an is good when it comes to love an stuff please follow
Why where flip flops if ur feet are dirty
send more info. Sounds good!
MINDS: Grades are important for the first couple jobs a newly graduated student wishes to get.
Very True. Miss Kaye and our lady Pack fans really make the HQ great.
Don't get how a lot of scene kids leave the house like, "Yeah I look cute". You're wearing neon purple pants. You're in a Jane Fonda video.
THE WORD FOR THE DAY IS FOCUS
get 10% off anything! just enter code:lesher100, in the rep code box.
Why do I wake up nakey all da time? Oh well.
I never planned on you changing your mind
Just saw a guy in the parking garage at my apartment wearing a Hawaiian shirt an a sombrero. God Bless Jimmy Buffett.
Loving the colorful floral peep-toe pumps this spring! Perfect with jeans or office-gear!
Based solely on the series as try are the eastern conference would Be: Florida vs Ottawa and Philadelphia vs Washington
IKR it has been a lil min...
Opening Day is tomorrow for the Padres! Come by the Industry Showroom and check out the new consuul stuff on your way to Petco Park
the rents are coming to the city. It's also my birthday. Next time!
Yankees cheating? No fucking way!!!
I hurt it off a rebound so what now homie
I was dead from when they went to the water park last summer. I don't know what I am now.
LOL I just got one that has the word 'Saturdat' in it. :) Yours is a little funnier though :)
Oh, that might work, too. Both? And faceball?
Some people take the michael
Congrats to and team for placing third in the Carolina Challenge!!
We're looking forward to having you here!
Please follow the new site for video games. It's called
Everyone go follow ;)
Drinking a Port Brewing Wipeout IPA on an empty stomach to help me not feel so bad that the #Brewers stink and aren't a playoff team.
Great job on the film, Bully! Everyone, pls support this film! See it + sign the petition!!
DHSI was expensive, but they have fellowships for grad students, never done DH, THATCamp is donation
Unreal!! RT : Should be part of the foundation of the individual's game.
I may fly off the train platform today. Whoa powerful wind!
What's really good twitter family I miss y'all and been very blessed since the new year I got a job and still on my diet I put up new pics
Just called and got the voicemail hm
WOOOOOOI!!!! Make it happen today!! I believe you can do it! God KNOWS you can. Just felt the urge to throw a fist pump your way. ArmorUp!
This is the best Dr. Phil episode ever
Thx so much for the #FF, Steve! Hope you have a wonderful weekend :)
I think you mean 22 cash games not 35
So your on DWTS! You should win easily, your athletic, dont weigh 250#, graceful & nice figure. Your a lock!
All these 20th anniversary of "insert title of an album from the 90s here" tours are getting me excited for the eventual 2013 Cantaloop tour
Want to get rewarded for all your gambling?Ask us how you can get comps at all your favorite casinos!
thanks for the compliment! We've got such a delicious new lunch menu, we need to stop by so we can eat more cookies!
THANK YOU, #desperatehousewives for years of fabulous, wonderful entertainment! et al (U have no idea...)
Woke up to a fucking nightmare with only 2 hours of sleep... Yeah I'm gonna take my dogs for a walk & get coffee.
Is everything really bigger in Texas?
Testing Twitter and Processing: This was automatically posted from Processing 42
Colleen is so awesome. Also, I am jealous of everyone at that conference.
got it?
Just back from a wonderful pier visit. There was a giant arrest downtown. Kind of Scary here in St. petersburg.
It doesn't have to be. We're trying to make it easier. We can pair you with the scholarships you're most likely to win.
But you're not even worthy enough to be dancing to WMYB<U+0001F612><U+0001F612>
579 followers?! Wow, you guys are amazing! GLJ is lucky to have you all as fans!
Career Calendar
New Burton's Blog up @ www.totalpetmagazine.com. Thoughts to digest.
Glad mainstream press, thanks to George Clooney is catching up on Sudan issues, but has been on top of this for years.
Thanks for sharing!
Bum fuck indiana... Sounds like something that should be on the internet. A real absurd reality show
Sure wish that "luck" tennis pundits say Fed has would show up for some of these "random" draws. Sheesh. Go Roger!
it was a great take on things! Kol Hakavod! If you have additional writings you'd like to share pls let us know
You put the idea I have been struggling with into words. I want to teach w/ integrity... fidelity to ideal, not system.
that was hilarious and spot on! I totally agree!!
are you the real john cusack
Bedtime. Up bright and early.
jesus fucking christ. good thing i never liked you to begin with
lol you are so jealous of Danielle and Eleanor because their gorgeous and your not.
Now followed by
; I will lemme get on my computer (;
super down! :3
Life is like a box of chocolate. You'll never know what you wanna get
You know society, if you wouldn't make me so uncomfortable I wouldn't always be so awkward.
second that. stay away.
I hate for calling me cuz I can't fall back to sleep and my voice sounds like a motorboat..
85% of all Valentine's Day cards are purchased by women!
The chase is on.
Hi Jarem - we'll certainly do what we can. What day do you need the cards to arrive?
Got the sister-in-law's wedding present handled!
Now your just somebody that I use to know
I am now a member of the iPhone community.
since u dident come to my b day lol
i really do wish i had that something that'd make me "extraordinary".
Enjoying a relaxing clean up of the Bus office after FestiBus last night. SO WORTH IT
The unproductivity fairy has struck once gain Kaahhhhnnn!!!!
Fair with my baby <U+0001F618><U+0001F618>
shower time
Here's today's, "Yes it's Monday, but I'm awake!" What city has the most hotel rooms in the world?
The 2 h glee tonight is so making my night right now!
My wife recently had to be reimunized because the children at her daycare in Cincinnati have not been imunized for fear of autism.
Day two of keto and my mouth tastes like a tin can! Also trying nitric oxide today...
watchin beyond scared straight these officers scareing the shit out them lil kids high ass hell lmao
Bradford Enterprises & Primestar construction are forging ahead on joint venture! Pres. Obama's jobs act was infuential within this effort!
New to branded intros "New To This Town"
The true entrepreneur is a doer, not a dreamer. -Nolan Bushnell
can someone please get mad as a proxy for me right now kthanks.
You forgot to put "professional librarian" in quotes.
Are you freaking mad. This hate makes no sense. Why is it that these guys playing together is any different than other guys
I bet it is close to the opposite...that would be very interesting, too! :-)
we need to link up and slaughter this R&B music game...rt
ok Thank-you. I told Jason and he is satisfied with that
": Staff argue in Chicago bookshop: "The Orson Welles bio should be with Actors" "But he was a director too"" Final decision?
I don't need a man to take me out. sometimes it just nice to go alone B-)
dude I wish D:
RT : Scottie Pippen making what I believe is his first Rose Garden appearance since leaving the
IS UR Miami team gonna go 4 Manning?
I can *assure* you, it is worth watching. It'll hook you. And I don't like 1) scary or 2) zombies.
I could bash you, but you aint even worth my time!!!
FUCK MY LIFE I AM ACTUALLY OBSESSED WITH TUMBLR RIGHT NOW! but im on the daily limit think so i like 341 pics to reblog Yeah! I HAVE NO LIFE
They have multiple bars but they are really expensive. Best to just bring your own drinks in a flask or bottle.
Shep Messing on Boomer&Carton show this morn. Great interview but too short!
I love you more than you know.
If you're interested in the #Clooney arrest - follow
Have a fond place in the heart for calculators. First computer I had. Amazing contraptions, especially w/ 84 pt type.
Getting in the car now. My mouth is already watering for the corned beef at 's St Patty's Day feast...
“: directioners are the worst lol” yes we are.were horrible,were in love with five homosexual sex gods.beliebers are better.
WAL-MART Specials brought to you by #Walmart slaves!!! FU** Walmart ! The worst most heartless employer ever! Do not help support GREED!
“: Niggas wanna talk? What they gonna say?” I hit that pedal till that mo'fucker break .
#sect #astrology #STAR night sect "mates" = moon, venus, mars. mercury's sect is determined by whether it rose before or after the sun.
thanks for the follow! Coffee?
cant aait until ur first ever performance of #skyscraper :)
Much love n Happy Birthday to Angie Walker some of my favorite people n the world (hello N'Dea)
...Allow Jesus to move you out of your comfort zone and be a part of Him making the impossible possible.
Thanks, stealth! I've got editing coming out my ears!
Carroll Shelby, father of Cobra sports car, dies at 89
good look show seaport ima young 18 year old from Pittsburgh pa mix on my own show love to Mar thank you....
ok.. I am watching an Idol performance night for the first time since got voted off. Why? because he's there. I need my fix!
Love painting with the sounds of a storm in the background.
Waiting for important news! Pfffff
because *she
lol RT : TUESDAY? you know what that means one day closer to friday lets have a drink to that
Dinner, lemon cake and whiskey. "Role Models." Night night. It's been a "short" long weekend. Gotta have energy to decorate tomorrow. *muah*
“: Miss ur turn there cowboy ” Following yall cowgirl!!!
Charters will win b/c they are falsely perceived as being different. Public is perceived as being the same ole. change or perish!
Spring break 2013 come soon I gotta go visit my girl in California!!!!! #stoked <U+2764>
we have a butter cow bandanna at our booth if you want to add to your collection!
just watched (more like listened to) your Kanye tribute #mix... Good shit!
And I love u you, just thought I let you know! <3
My life never goes as expected...it goes way better! So happy today!
Having a better day
please follow my new account
I guess I am using this again. Apologies in advance for the slew of karaoke nonsense I will put forth.
well, the stage is set for a match. I'll find a 4th.
less than 1 year old. What brought on the boilerplate?
Ice cubes the name,
you will rental prices for studios as low as $1100 with one bedroom as high as $2200
no probe
I hate them people who wanna act different in front of certain people. Keep it real with niggas.
Happy Friday the 13th.
lots of #amwriting = too much candy
How are you this fine morning?
I'm so fucking bored
gay = g, emo = e, a = anime hence #GEA. Ex. " My daughter drew a #GEA Jesus. Expecting a call from the school in 3...2..."
I Love When Guys Step Up Nd Say Dats Dey Baby.,!
LOL! i was talking about the cities in general. but yea cincy nice. Andy Dalton is out there killin
3:30 exhaustion period. Must. Stay. Focused.
Going to the hockey game tonight!
Hm... School :p
I DO.
what's ur definition of "know"? Understanding consumer behavior is one thing; knowing intimate details is another...
Go Bucks! Haha
that cause you got it like that :)
That would be fantastic! My classes meet on Tu/Th. & what was the name of that article on politics you mentioned?
Geeked for Membership Appreciation tonight...after Zumba of course. lol
Last night..on my buidling's roof I saw a group of middle school kids drinking 40s and smoking weed. MLINY
2.) Stash personal belongings in the seats you won’t be sitting in to prevent them from being Tetris-ed on.
#ThingsThatILike Shania Twain's Come on Over album
no you bought it so i didn't take it haha it was quite halarious
starring Ryan gosling?
Starting the short week off right with the new album...then its off to #Rockies spring training in AZ Thurs a.m.!
Garnett's Pick<< 's pick in his afro.
Thank you gorgeous!!
lmfao went to blow on the fried oreo & the powder flew all over me, i look like i dipped my face in cocaine!
they do tht so u hafto buy more gum
it's another copy of my book.
I'd love to get on your calendar for a phone call to introduce Venntive.
what happened with you and Silverstone?
. 2/2 bath water so they wouldn't "look at" themselves & avoid patent leather shoes, which might reflect their undies!
Apparently I like to yell holy shit in an old man's ears outside of blackbird.
haha nah we only hung out for a while yesterday.
We might be late because my dad us the slowest driver :|
love it and I think I'm with the wrong sister lol
Ok sounds good.
Amen! MT Cataloguing -- more important than ever!
I am!! uuuhhh... 405 on a Friday now? oh boy! Play some good music on the radio!
... wasted. : In your opinion, Felix Hernandez's performance tonight was _______.
Sitting outside in the cold rain why, because I was here 1st <U+263A>
Thanks to Jackie "The Jokeman" for a great dinner at the Friars and sitting in on his show, Jackie's Joke Hunt on Sirius Howard 101 Tues 7pm
Chapter 2012 Page 77 of 366 Repression is a self-inflicted time bomb that can explode when you least expect it.
#LA12 is going nuts!
Will do. But I warn you that--like love, an awe-inspiring canyon, evolution, and a galaxy--it will take some time.
anyone have a blue pen they can teleport to me? lol..
i am giving you a chance to recant that statement...before i go in and delete all the lightbox sized images i made you. :)
has anyone actually verified no two fingerprints are alike im getting suspicious
I legit just want some chipotle and a sugar cookie lol o_O.
Dr Lupo is please to announce her completion of the 7 month Botox study on crow's feet
There she goes, a little heartache, there she goes, a little pain..
I'm back Teusday
Realtors in the Portland area are looking for sellers. Inventory is at just 5 months. Now maybe the time to sell. More @ 6:30pm
Creepy... unless it's some sort of electronic maid like in the Jetsons, in that case sign me up.
1st period is just to early for math. Just saying. :o
Naw chill out
you just have bg's of mustache of Austin.
girl's are like candy. you can like and have a lot of them, but only one can be your favorite. damn do i like myself a milky way.
right I hate bitch ass niggas....
Run on over to our website and check out some of our Very Educational Childrens Toys!
Is it just me or does it take forever to download a movie from iTunes? I'm trying to watch #Moneyball in HD -$4.99 and an hour wait...
Heading home after a great time at USC
I dig Really easy to use and good A/B testing... best one I've used.
thanks for the shout out. Best place to watch the caps besides Verizon center!
sorry pep but it's true. I was hoping for a celtics/lakers final but I guess we have to wait until next year
can't listen to rumor has it without turning the volume waaayy up
Its a WRAP, two hours of sleep last night and two long but amazing days of shooting.
Thanks for helping us with our project. Freaaking cutie
I love that Burger King put #DavidBeckham in there commercial!
nice win...lakers need a big bounce back game
whats ur thought on the baseball hof and how u get in? Do you think barry larkin deserves it.
Hey! Thanks I really appreciate it :)
Music helps children begin to understand the history, culture and customs of people from around the world.
#GoodThursday to you !
Enjoys putting and on media blast, ha, it almost too easy
my stage dive is better than both of yours
So fuckin tired....
Happy Monday ! I hope you are feeling better!!
Aw okay
No matter what... I still love you.
Beat in bowling :)
Why do I get the idea that I'm going to hate the Black Keys before this NCAA tournament is over?
that my mom and dad were actually named "mom" and "dad"..
Hey, all. Abt 833,000 lovely people voted against Amendment 1 in North Carolina-Enough of hateful, stupid jokes. Work to make it better.
What Memorial magic???? Go Cats!!!
Damn you direct message. And damn you
What a game...Man City Congrats
how much do you guys have to pay in taxes out of ur check though? I've heard its killer...
We like RR's. Aren't considering them this time around... We wish we had a big farm and could take in 10 or 20 doggies!
Thanks for the follow
Yeah. I'm classless. Because I have an opinion on dancing.
RT I Hate People That Dont Text Back.
Yep! Super tasty. :)
crazy day today!
he got the takedown, but Hendricks clearly did the most damage in the stand up. I'm not upset over the decision.
Nursing my voice with tea and honey and crossing my fingers for a better show tonight.
Twitter is so boring when Austin doesn't tweet. Omg baby, come back!
Get used to people hating, and wishing death to you, its all apart of the game you choose to play.
I was setting right behind UK sidelines on the front row, have a great video of when the horn sounded. Will send it to you.
I wish I could. Father died when I was 4. Mother when I was 17. 3 grandparents died before I was born. 4th died when I was 8 :(
don't you hate exp dates?! And it's when you're really craving something too!!!
No one else is as happy as me that the Packers won the Super Bowl! :) -Tom
New shorts and a nice tan....I'm ready!!
Watched another YouTube video. People upload stuff there all the time. If I leave it will just keep happening. I have to be kind to myself.
No he is one from my youtube channel.
New Physician Joins Valley Pain Consultants
Just received e-mail that is closing. Sad. Inspired me to build in Flex. Creativity in tech bears no legacy for so many :(
This had been the worse day of my life!
Ohyeahbitch!!! El viernes a ver MTV World Stage con Taylor Swift & el Speak Now World Tour<U+2665>.<U+2665>
Whatever you do... Don't put a Hershey's Kiss in your jeans pocket, play drums for 2 hours, and then forget about the Hershey's Kiss.
Early bird special...check in on 4square today from noon to 1pm & get free beer. TGIF specials have started!!!!!
I watched that. So sad.
do you read your mentions? (:
u wanna know something... sunburns hurt like a BITCH!! im not enjoying this :( fuck the sun
hahaa. well it was nice! ;) i {} you back! :p well i gotta try and get some sleep. another big day 2morro. nitey(:
Goodmorning...."When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on. "
MATT FLYNN IS OFFICIALLY A SEAHAWK! YES! YES! YES! YES!
Port of Call has some amazing dishes and would make for a great date spot! 50% off on www.crowdclick.com!!
agreed. It's like crack.
Had a one year old's bday party at my house yesterday. It was fun! Dont have kids so I wasnt sure if I had kid proofed the house correctly.
india river map
hahah she didn't even know what it was until I said something
you should stand up in front of them the rest of the game
We only need FIVE more FB friends to break 100! Tell your friends to check us out!
For #appfriday, I'm giving away 5 promo codes for Builda the Re-Bicycler for iPad. First 5 to get @ me get codes. Have it? Tell a friend!
Crazy as in nuts/mad/insane or crazy as in pre-zombie apocalypse?
Well I am Doing 2 New Awesome Videos for all to Enjoy and just taking a break...P.S Played trampoline Dodge Ball<< Hello
82 BV Latour Reserve #Cabernet (2of2). Dark red. Pure Cab nose. Aged, sound & remarkable tannin edge. Black & red fruits 86 pts
thanks to both of you for getting the word out - go
Do you love olives? Eight pitted green olives are only 31 calories. A great snack.
Guys who walk around with cute puppies are just looking to pick up chicks ;)
you make me blush! You da you da best
sometimes you like, sometimes you don't.
pretty excited about the humid free day today! Some serious cake decorating is about to happen in here
Im done with the wholebworl, i been mad this whole day i tired of my school, ticketmaster, and my parents
Chop it up or melt it for some great for high quality baking at a great price!
Dear parents suing #Apple for racking up high app bills... learn how to parent ur children or keep ur password from them. Not rocket science
If anyone has a good source of Nat X info send it over. An important story in Black American history you won't find in your school textbook.
well I'm working this summer so what day would it be exactly man??
Got the life!
tony Allen
May everyone have a happy My Birthday. Now go eat some cake!
Baby, come fwm, I'm going clubbin'..
Well, he was playing pretty darn deep, but still, argh
Yes. You can. RT : I can sleep when I'm dead.
1 more person for an Espn fantasy baseball league draft is at 8!!!
that's a lie
Thanks for the follow!
Good luck & knock 'em dead! Good choice for speaker on their part.
It is satisfying, I have to say. I know all the things!
OHH sorry, I don't have one yet but was thinking of uploading some videos so when I do ill subscribe u (:
ha I think it'll be fine
New England is so gorg right now with all the leaves changing colors!
aww well yeah you always stop :(
Q. Why don't Canadians have group sex? A. Too many thank-you letters to write afterwards.
You're welcome. I knew you'd be able to appreciate it.
All successful employers are stalking people who will do the unusual, people who think.
I like how you're kickin' the science...Maybe if you worked in Avogadro's Number or Goldbach's Conjecture next.
sendin prayers ur way please keep me updated
Im home take me drunk
Did someone say ?!
bummer! I ate too much funnel cake at the folk fest and felt a little sick, but no viruses thankfully.
God it's a glorious beauteous night in Stoughton!
: ;A; That suckkssss
I'm starting to think the real problem is having second thoughts about releasing podcast
HOW BOUT THEM# BUFFALOES! #CUnit represent!!
You bounced without saying bye to me?!? I'm heartbroken
Could've, should've and would've...How about we change that to dream, create and live.
Why do igive my time to someone , that doesnt cherish it ?
Welcome to twitter! You're in good company here. :)
Obama wanted change, so I threw a couple fucking penny's at him
S/O to Avery Sunshine and Promoters of NeoSoul Tuesdays @ Fox Hollow. Nice set. Great crowd. Fantastic Singing!!!
Fun night tonight, that In N out burger just hit the spot though!
Heading to Palo Alto tomorrow for some employee training and then coding with Jive Apps developers on Wed.
RT : Focus on the positives...what you pay attention to is what grows....
She's a good friend :)
#HoodJesusMiracles having grape juice water foutains
Now Major Brooks wants to give out snacks in class...
Recovering from last night's open mic pub crawl with my drummer. Peri's, the Sleeping Lady, and 19 Broadway in one night!
Thank you BunkZunk for your support. Most appreciative.
I usually estimate between 90 and 100 per mile for me. This makes me sad.
No one can make a bigger fool of you than you! No one can make fun of you better than you can
Up and at 'em for Gladiator Games!
Content is our future
oh fa real lol then puff away my dude
Eating in Thai Town in La! <3
So I was brushing my teeth & I gagged on my toothbrush a tad which led me to throw up. I was pretty excited! Breakfast round 2!
listening to Tupac,
pianist powers the San Diego Symphony in a compelling, even revelatory, all-Liszt program
Happy Holidays from the Judy's Book Team!
WHERE DO I SINE UP.
Overheard in Jury Room: "I didn't realize how much E. Fourth Street has been revived." Wake up, Cleveland!
Outta work early sesh time
Kay Polansky can't remember exactly how long she's been helping organize NNO events, but it's been years. Tonight she's on hotdog duty.
I need to get a shower now
Any Winos going to #GreatGrapes in Reston this weekend?
it is hard not to feel like you view the death of someone i cared about as a convenient advertising opportunity.
The #tilsonthomas Thomashevskies are on #PBS tonight. Yiddish theater in the US. Charming, interesting. His grandmother was lovely.
At The Brown, $2 Wells ... Sean and Mark play ...
I think they should go all in for Michael Brockers.
Why is the gym more crowded at 1am than it is at 1pm!? Gotta love Harlem
Contact us if you r a mommy blogger who writes about kids, products 4 kids & parenting please contact me. Free toys 4 the chosen ones
Looking forward to tonite's NYPhil CONTACT! at the Met Museum including Jay Alan Yim's greatly-titled neverthesamerivertwice
Why do you type like that...?
: Choose life!
Can't believe the hate I just witnessed.
Dustin.. because my name is Danielle and his name is Justin.. LOL
I'm a Saints fan, but they got what they deserved. Maybe the rule is BS, but they were arrogant and directly dishonest about it
..."I want to leave" *clap *clap "I want to leave" *clap *clap. And so on and so forth for about...all day.
i know you are but what am i...i hate when ppl say tht!
Prediction: In Detroit, the tweets per second after an Inge walk off homer would exceed that of Obama's gay marriage support yesterday.
When someone is in a bad mood, saying "Why don't you call the IRS?" is not a good way to cheer them up.
Sandoval with a ground rule double to make the score NL-5, AL-1 in the bottom of the 7th.
#Today in history Benjamin Franklin died on 4/17/1790 known best for discovering that lightning is electricity. Thanks from ALL electricians
Anyone have the over/under on how many Mayors Sunland Park #NM will go through this year?
And his catching mitt is made out of dough! RT Doumit had 5 DPs in 236 PA last year. Again: that's 3 in his first 20 of 2012.
GoodNight ALL. :)
The show has been very well received. It's thrilling. I actually met one person who never heard about the Tohoku disaster.
New Obsession: C2O coconut water. It's luxury and healthy hydration in a can.
*drops my sword* Well spank me sideways. RT : =Snorts=Just ask a few and you'll see I make more then just an effort.
There was definitely sand in my running shoes when I put them on this morning. A little token of San Diego in DC - also reminder 2 run more.
The PP is very important
Is ursher dead .... Fb says he is !
A social media campaign without strategy or metrics is waste of time, dont bother.
baya loves you. That's all the love you really need. <U+0001F436><U+0001F49C>
Gotta know your audience.
Anyone have a projection adaptor for a MacBook pro that I can borrow this afternoon?
So my friends says they know someone that looks like Liam... BRB HIJACKING A CAR TO GO TO THEIR SCHOOL & WAIT FOR HIM TOMORROW
A big problem of mine is that im too nice to people who dont deserve it.
Don't push it...but I do hope you keep going!
Atta girl! "TRATU2" new acyronym "the rules apply to you too!"
i have tickets for Bone Thugs -n- Harmony (2/5/11) & Theophilus London (2/6/11) at the stay tuned for info on how to win 'em
LMFAO! Oh, you know, just asking life's questions! :)
my dog looks just like the dog in the Bud Light commercial
RT Last 12 goals in this series: NYR-WAS-NYR-WAS-NYR-WAS-NYR-WAS-NYR-WAS-NYR-WAS. I'm sorry if that felt like I was yelling.
Omelette is a great idea for GOOD coffee, toast and the newspaper!
Awe. :(. Then go kidnap Nanda and move to the U.S that way we'll be close and be able to visit each other! ;D
I heard Summer Jam is supposed to be wild
Jack Ricchuito: you can move quicker to action when you don't need consenus!
Just got my 1st credit card :)
My day >
Donations to OB are providing space & food for some needy. Love to hear your thoughts on how to improve!
late birthday shout out!!!!
Absolutely! Thanks for the follow back, Abi!
Came to the realization that I won't have a date to prom.
Nothing is so much enjoyed by some men as a practical joke; and the greater the annoyance they can occasion the greater their delight (1850)
Russel will be in town friday, signing his new book. C U There!.
Your Awesome!! Would love to see you in the ring one more time!!
I don't understand anything and I never pay attention and I miraculously have a B... Yes (y)
stalkers! We had a great time! Great to see you!!
I'll be at PriceSmart Foods on Ackroyd at 1pm. Come say hi!
I LOVE GHI..
Going home early. Like 4 hours early. Don't feel well enough to be here
Fabulous ! Way to make #WI fans and band alumni proud!
dad liked beer too.
"Whiskey Into Tears" is actually about giving up drinking...
Happy Birthday Tupac, regardless of what they say about him, he was well love and 106Kmel is jamming all his song..Hood Figure now what!
import plane; plane().take_off()
2 answer the DM's, it's a fantasy/humor book. Like "Pirates of the Caribbean," as told by Douglas Adams, & most of the characters are women.
I'm glad you did.
another #Toyota recall? Seriously?? has the answer for you! See my husband, Davian Robinson, and tell him I sent you ;-)
Does the passion in your words lack the validity and which to make them/it relevant?
I just finished "The Daughters" by J. Philbin for YA and still working on the third book of the dragon tattoo...you? Xo
mama's making ribs tonight
“KMF: Keep Moving Forward” What gets you #motivated?
Had some amazing photoshoots today! Excited to post pictures :-)
I love my girls <U+0001F618>
No more lunch hours at Tutto on Old World 3rd St. after May 1.
We're past 400 visitors! This has been a great morning at the Embassy of #Kazakhstan!
There have been some social media-related events in Anchorage, but you're correct, no SMC. We're not big into formality up here. :)
Blah time to write a paper!!!xP
I hate you,
have a great weekend
being able to skip 1st hour to sleep in >>>>
snow skis
Not such a bad Monday :)
RT The "DJ" at era tonight was furiously turning knobs and hittin buttons on an APC40 that was not plugged in to his laptop.
Thanks for following! I love to share the twitter skies with other who help others!
but I would also like to see what you've got in mind for a writer's group.
You sound pissed.
shit they only weak if they ain't extra ordinary
8 cars involved in an incident on the restart. Sato moved from 5th to 3rd! "RED MISSED" needs to get Power and Hunter-Reay on the next r ...
no I'm not but thanks
": One Direction will be releasing a new book called 'Story So Far ' on 1st September 2012" Ah!!! :D
Can you help us RT our next tweet? Is for Georgia SPCA. Let's help them find a good home for Oddie and the rest of animals at the shelter.
"We're each other's settling soul mates."
Great tunes on Sirius XM U right now... DVR'ing the Cribs "Come On Be a No-one" Killer f'ing song, now on repeat in my mind's ears! ")
Reading a book & having to reread the same paragraph over and over because your thoughts are too distracting.
Even with an amazing Pediatric Dentist, my 8 year old daughter, who has #Downsyndrome & #autism flips out every.single.time.
I know you can't come but I want you to know that you are invited to my sweet 16. It's April 21 in Vero Beach Florida. <3
im talking about justin not you dumby
you are very good looking and i love your tweest!
Ok facebookers lets show some love and support......get your copy of Sentenced At Birth!!!!! Amazon, Barnes & Nobles and Lulu.com
After spending every waking minute with him, I need a break. I love him dearly but damn...
lol, okay. I love you. You make me laugh!
Always eat post workout. This helps to replenish all that you burned during your workout!
maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano...........
PickUpLine: So, what are the chances that we can engage in anything more than just conversation?
Reading your book and loving it -my kids are 8 and under, looking like the trickiest parenting days may still be ahead!
I loved "Learning by Doing" even though I came in late!
Thank you! Back at you! RT :
Up getting ready for work watching itsjudyslife! it just so funny and relatable....probably why I watch every morning!!! :)
Keep Bynum away from the reporters.
Can't decide if I should get a kindle or not...#firstworldproblems I like reading and collecting regular books but the kindle is so compact!
If you didn't tweet me I probably would have forgotten
I know so much, that I know I don't know anything at all...
Hey, are you guys planning a Dark Knight Rising screening this year?
big night...gotta come out of the woodwork
If you a real nigga you'll say it to my face
I heard y'all ,y'all r great singer follow plz
that awkward moment when someone in a flash mob is really off...
emma... -__- hahaha we 3 have fun times together okay.
You have a new house?
If you don't text me, I understand. If you act like you don't care, I understand. But if I stop loving you, it's your turn to understand.
Drink orange juice for Vitamin C.
I can't keep a straight face when someone tweets about penguins...
Love it! :D
I wish it was like how it was back then. Where'd my bestfriends go?
- that's what's up. You going solo?
what's up miss
ah itz good to be a gurl and the best day iz the day be4 v-day
Vegas, oh how I hate you right now
Choice btwn productive and service industries. Where does the importance of good, practical self-management begin? A) Here and now.
Umm ... is the person who commented on your blog serious?
's your opinion of #heartattackgrill downtownlv? have you been yet?
bulling is not right. then why do it well that person is just messed up some were.
Hey let's meet for real at some point today...
and waste my gas to be disappointed... nothing a phone call can't handle
I just thought in my head... "What responsibilities do I have tomorrow?" Then I realized... NONE... So I put in a movie.
I meant by real 30th birthday way back in the day;)
is the most attractive thing I've ever seen
who will be goalie in the alumni game?
Today should be very interesting
Follow us at for the newest updates!!!!!
Re:Eagles/Vick Nope, ppl don't buy rehabilitation. With US justice system, not too surprising. I know & <3 many mad Egls fans
Can't wait to watch your Episode! Good Luck!!
came from the bottom wit out a stain on my shirt. bitch
G. Roger Denson: When the Personal Is Made Political: Left Political Art Timeline, 1980-1989
Err! Skins didn't get Chad Clifton...oh well...got to look elsewhere for an OT now =/
life is a short trip
I'm sorry I've been busy darling
What was ur fav memory of orientation: "TAKE ME ON A TRIP"
Do you have any stories about how classical music has influenced your life? The joy of classical music should be shared!
While you're in #Philly, come check out #AlesoftheRevolution at City Tavern!
i think i can
Sitting at work listening to Viking metal!!! How amazing is that need one more sale to match my commit
To give proper advice we need more info re your hair. Can you send us an email at ?
All love shifts and changes. I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time. - Julie Andrews
& my 50th tweet goes out to my followers & supporters!
Happy Holidays Spartans!!
"Prediction is hard to do - especially if it is about the future!" - listening to Michio Kaku at
is there a chance they might? because people are saying they are :C
yeah I guarantee half the kids won't have it it's fine
I'm most impressed by the gent who, unprompted, had the wherewithal to "Call for end of questions"
trying to plan an interview with :)
Good luck to all of the #MiniMarathon participants this morning! I wish I were joining you.
Crazy week so far! So excited for the opportunities coming my way. Feeling blessed!
Back in #Austin for 10 days! Happy Easter!
Help Me Jesus I Was All Happy Amd Smiles Until I Heard Corey Loud Ass Mouth Damn -_- lol
Zayn got flashed? When?
My mom just asked me, "when is Cinco de Mayo?" Hahahahaha!!!!
well Im on a steady regiment of aids jokes daily out here and start at the brewery this. Maybe summer. Or come out here dude!
And if folks truly appreciated the military, they'd stop voting for candidates who send them to unnecessary wars.
Bitch!! How about I go fuck you up and beat you with a fucking pad lock. U white trash whore. I'm not unemployed. I get checks!!
Just found out that tubing in VA & WV requires that you wear a life preserver. WTF? That's what the tube is for!!!
Dear audience: I came to hear Florence sing not to hear you shriek every time she moves.
we will look into it! What kind of video connection?
I did porn when I was 18-20 years old I'm 30 now lol I wanna get back into it and I do produce edm.. Google me dj servo
Is it time for bed yet? I'm spent:)
Falk about to address crowd at Edgewater, husband introducing her now.
ill translate for ya
Somewhat old news, but excited to be working now , for #history editor Joyce Seltzer. (Opinions here are mine alone, however.)
..opinions vary, but it's a very "potent" way of rebuking any kind of negative or EVIL, feel me? Trey bien, merci!
We're stoked. We perform right before them. Check us out if u can. 6pm same stage.
sounds like that could be a new taco!
Yay! nice logo
I tried to tell yall Lauren Hill was coming back!!! In ur face wack as industry lol!
Also, chck out that pic on the background. That's from your roof top garden. Jakes will even deliver to you while you gaze...
Thanks for the mention of our concert on October 16th!
For a 'complicated' girl, she ain't that hard to figure out.
I love everyone. Well, except Kansas, as per usual.
Hello wine, it's about time we found each other!!
Those are the fried biscuits-n-gravy sticks. They come with syrup. Hold me back...
Impressive no? LOL
Hell yeah! Glad you dig it!
I am not your boyfriend I am not going to get all the shit you're saying are care but I am your friends I am not going to let shit happen 2u
how did i not know there was a #chipotle ap for iphone until right now?! oh it's on.
Congrats to #Badger alum #KyleTurris for scoring the GW goal for the #Senators. Had the privilege to meet him in Madison...class act.
today is JB's birthday. Is true.
Shows in Houston, Nola, and Birmingham next week! Fall tour dates coming soon!
Seth Godin is one smart mutha#%%er. Read the Dip. Go Seth.
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps "Someone Like You"
A person's success in life can usually be measured by the number of uncomfortable conversations he is willing to have!!!!
I wanna go somewhere right now
Way to ruin things ! Now my mammogram business is back to 0 customers.
And YES it is an all PPI final at iSeriesLive Inaugural event!!! Too bad it's winner-take-all. Never a doubt in our 2 to get heads-up !!!
So I CREEP ...Yeeaaaa Just Creepin On The Down Low ...
hello tyler(: im raquel
But who is who?! RT : Mr. Met standing directly next to Mayor Bloomberg at the podium.
With love this girl so much!!!
Happy Easter! Praise the Lord, Jesus is risen!
RT : Congrats to my boy to representing dudes that are faithful to their wives,God & who love their kids!
I hate life right now.
This is just a reminder that we still have plenty of seats on the bus for the Ski trip this Saturday.
Wow! Thanks so much for the follow. Ps hope to have live shots of you performing live in PA this week posted
This Day, April 23, In Jewish History by Mitchell A. Levin - Cleveland Jewish News (blog)
Tomorrow is my appt at health dept. Looking forward to maybe getting some answers. I'm feeling like a zombie today. :/
TONIGHT! 8pm DENNY LOVE with nest+rest. LEGGO.
Riding down I-77 blastin T.R.O.Y. (They Reminisce Over You)
Shut up! Downton Abbey is on TV!
We love it!!!! RT : Sun dress on. Festival braids done. Tickets printed. Sunblock ON. Bring on !!
Can't believe Raising Arizona is 25 years old!?! The movie is a masterpiece... Well it ain't Ozzie and Harriet!
school is the reason for my being depressed thru most of middle school. #NotKidding .
your dog has a long weiner
Thanks to Joe Taylor for his generous support! We will continue to play our hearts for your to go-go dance to.
Seems like i am always putting a car in the shop :/
": This has been one trippy ass weekend" u can say that again
RT Funny, u look like a black version of him! Haha RT : Im just an incredible human;
Tonight is one of the reasons why I know I'll forever have/do/be
La Mesa Mayor Art Madrid challenges El Cajon's Mark Lewis to a race on bike to one another's city halls to see who gets there first!
yup! go garry!
Be back this summer, mein. Gonna link up wit FCC for some shows i think. RT " wasssup when u comin home"
F-Texas I want them to lose the next 10 games.
That's what irritates me most, that they call themselves a "baptist" "church"...more like an org. dedicated to hate crimes
Ick. MT : Maybe I'm being 2 critical, but I feel like titling an Alzheimer's awareness gala "Unforgettable" is a tad tacky.
I missed talking to you everyday
I get "become a better manager" emails pretty regularly. Apparently stinky employees is a real problem.
Thanks For that WISE U tube Very GOOD Bob
Sam broke the lightbulb from shoveing it up my butt
A1 I help my clients ensure that their web properties provide a fast, intuitive & conversion-focused mobile experience
then he said 'welp girls all of you guys are destine for plastic surgery'
Well that's true ;)
DANCE FOREVER IS MY FAVORITE OKAY? It has been decided because I love everything about that song. The bass, vocals, drum, guitar, AND video!
Is it me or does PA announcer at the Coliseum sound exactly like Bob Sheppard?
18? What site?
nah... not not afraid :P
ew, his girlfriend is in this class. I hope she gets caught and kicked out. I DONT WANT YOU HERE.
A closed mouth never gets fed. Ask & you shall receive. "So I say to you: Ask and it will be given to you...." Luke 11:9
I went on tour with them
two more days then it's on can't wait CWO
Caught Squawk Box this morning on You're right, much better than Morning Joe.
Sometimes I just wanna call it quits and throw the towel
Good times catching up with old friends.
hahaha beanies like that though not her fault :p
um scuse me miss.. Is that a hand on your back?? Lol...love u honey!! Wish I was home this weekend!! Take lots of pics!
hey jus ring me internet is a myth right now
Go on KNKT.... Make me rich!
Yes!!!It comes with K cups!!Can make one cup of coffee at a time,, so many kinds of coffee to choose from!!! A tad pricey!
Had a pretty good practice :) ; Just feeling a bit blah
I just got major case of mullet envy. It just flowed so beautifully in the wind.
which world
Hell ya 25 days left :)
True! RT : TRUE/FALSE: Big Ben is the best QB drafted in the last 10 years (one of the #AroundTheLeague boys think so!)
this is my angry face...now here's my really pissed off face.
I really want to appologize all the spam that hit my account. I got hacked and finally changed my password so this should not happen again.
all boils down to who wants it more?
thanks for letting me borrow your chariot while henrietta ford is in the truck hospital. So much fun to drive that thing!
::still crying::
uses #gmail for her booking, media and Beats contact info.... I ws expecting a booking agency would handle it..
Hell yeah Harrison! Thanks for checking us out.
Jeff Goldblum would totally play Marc Smith in a movie where open data saves the world from an ancient, alien threat.
Hoping everyone is staying cool in the States! Sending breezes to all chilling in the Sun! Everyone have a awesome day!
Our Nuggets play against the Charlotte Bobcats tonight at 7 p.m. ET. Go, Nuggets!
Auto Glass Experts offers mobile glass services for convenient auto glass repair. We will come to your home or office . 414-409-7263
It's a beautiful day. Oh that I were in Connecticut just for a day, just for a drive to the shore or through the hills.
100 tweets in 3 weeks, and I've *lost* 4 followers. I think this means I'm doing it right.
It's still disconcerting to see liberal writers worried about judicial activism.
Been a long time but new phone so get ready for some lame tweets to fry your brain on
Thanks! :) RT Favorite talk at #carldigs today was on on-the-fly screencasts for chat reference. Cool idea!
I once got into a screaming fight with a Michigander in an apt in Rome. I still feel as passionately.
true true true
C'mon Alex!
Thanks for the RT!
Impromptu office yoga to the rescue!
To get some rest, would you give yourself away?
When is the show, where can we find it?
We are co-producing the Jazz Fest with UMSL and the Touhill. Are you going to make it to any of the other shows this weekend?
Hey is there an outage in 32257?
In the studio with Young Dizzy, almost done. Thinking bout hittin the gym. Or just chillin for the rest of the day. Humm...
RT - The #Jacksonville #Jaguars likely will be without starting cornerback Derek Cox against the pass-happy New Orleans Sain...
I kept seeing the ads in comics and saw a trailer. Thought Tracy would like it.
Just bought another kindle for a friend of mine. Kindle is the best gift out there, don't you think?
"My enemy's enemy is Divinity."
mine just started working again
We will pay $100 for your old sofa!!! We will pay $100 towards your new sofa purchase if you bring your old one.!!!
and when the male thinks they've attracted the female they actually mate and then she eats them
You prairie folk and your cute nicknames for hoodies. ;-)
Larry Sanders has zombies in reruns...lol
Respect your parents, they pay for your internet..
i know... it's terrible. Let's cross our fingers for this weekend.
Kaminsky with the three to put UW up by 10.
phase 2 of Insanity today, ass kicking to come.
yeah you're in my territory baby! Haha west coast is my place.
I'm sorry
Awww, he's a good egg with a good sense of humor.
ur the reason im always smiling I love you
Send a text...who wants to go for fondue? *crickets* sushi? *crickets* hooters? 4 "I'm in" Again, I need more chick friends.
McDonald's serves 1 percent of the world -- every day!
I miss you to lovey, really ?can't wait
Everybody deserves a second chance, but not for the same mistakes.
Get updates on #enviro legislation in Maryland by following I'm presenting next week!
I am reaping the harvest God promised me and taking back what the devil stole from me (It is hard) but I rejoice 2day, 4 I SHALL RECVER ALL
Haha i would be too if i hadn't of dropped out xD.
Remind me to ask you about you later.
What they call this shit here?? They call it War Music!!!
you domestic goddess you.
First films are something we've come to appreciate here. A solid recommendation for anybody out there is Polanksi's A KNIFE IN THE WATER.
frank friendly comp your my boy.next time in ny we drunk
"No good thing will he withhold from them that walk uprightly." - Psalm 84:11
lol nope. He's REALLY cool. I interviewed him once. Still fine imho.
Not sure why, but your takes seemed stronger when you lived in Texas.
#ShamrockRun Let's do this!! Light rain. 38 degrees. I've consumed oj and one sausage link. Here's to keeping that down.
Shoots for the stars. You are only where YOU think you are. Remember that...
Decided it would best to keep copyright in bk for now in case we want to do more editions. Will propose a more permissive copyright notice.
I got to pee xDDDDDDDD jkjk
Hope you think that Johnny Wright and YOBI.tv should sign me!
A 20 yr old boy hits on you, you let him down nicely. His next move!? Asks if you'll buy him beer.
Happy half birthday?
.. Now it's too late for you and your white horse, to catch me.. Now ..
NEBHE staff quotes cont: instead of making CC's the culprit as quoted in Globe, emphasis needs to shift to why students are underprepared.
Kristen Stewart Shops for Guitars at Robert Pattinson ’s Favorite Spot! (PHOTO) Kristen Stewart arrived back in Los Angeles last week,
Ugh! Delayed at Midway Get me home to NY!!
every smile I have is genuine.
HEY HEY HEY its fat albert. (; i still say that.
LOL. I haven't properly tapered. Though, sub-13 might not be a bad goal for me in the Beer Mile this summer.
Congratulations to South Sudan for becoming the newest nation of the world.
Is everyone happy it's hump day? Yay my week is almost over.
Thanks for another great session everybody. See you next week.
i really appreciate it, but
why the face?<U+0001F60A>
I'm ready to see domination !!!
I have now been on my diet for 6 hours.
great since my <U+0001F340><U+0001F3C0> Celtics won the series <U+0001F340><U+0001F3C0>
Rep. Louise yet again reiterated that she IS running for re-election. was the 1st to interview her last week in hospital!
An overturned truck spills 18 tons of yogurt onto the highway
Even the Babylonian’s realized the power of Factoring…you should consider it too!
Been doing some re-branding. A new version of our website will be launching VERY soon!!
Day 100 of 100: (Yee-haa!!) I am SO thankful for finishing this assignment that I gave to myself. Thanks you guys too, for bearing with me:)
Half of our newsroom is a few minutes away from uttering to a source "Yes, sorry. There's a marching band coming through the newsroom."
yep, we are with you on that.
Why does certain things happen to me when i do not want them to and when i do they don't! Grrr!! ..
You NEED To Follow (:
who is that?
If you think it bothers me, it doesnt honey (;
alright alright if its more or around 7 then you win. Yeah, I'm pretty good at catching people just being cocky. Mostly because
#imagine Liam leans forward to kiss you. You avoid him by looking away.Then he holds your chin softly he whispers"Stop being hard to get"
Thanks for the mention!
Word homie.....I'm going to slide through for sure.....
24 hours until the season opener against UW-Milwaukee along the Milwaukee lakefront!!! Lets go #MURFC this season is yours for the taking!
Have you ever looked at your best friend and thought "Why the fuck are we not comedians? :)
Marzipan and Cheerwine :B
DC Chair Israel: 'We would have preferred Steve Rothman run against Scott Garrett'
big weekend...
I gotta admit, I'm enjoying all the Billy Joel they're playing at Starbucks today.
Even knowing about it makes you a hipster, hipster.
Going nowhere fast we've reached a climax -Usher
I woke up wondering if I had spent way too much time writing about nuclear bombs yesterday >.>
I think going home at lunch to watch #MadMen totally counts as work when you work in advertising
I use Aveeno for sensitive skin. Love it. Not greasy at all and doesn't make me break out.
RT For SO MANY things should get 3 [turds], but "pinch" only 1 for his 'mountain out of a molehill' BS 2day.
If for some unlikely reason Mitt is elected, Simon, I like you too much to ever, ever let you come back to the US.
Kobe about to lose 150 M's
Oh that's awesome! :))
Fuck I look like hoe, I look like yess and you look like no
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough - Mae West
oh.. first time I've been at #5MinuteFiction in WEEKS! Felt god. Good luck everyone!!
Flames to dust Lovers to friends Why do all good things come to an end ... Been stuck in my head all day
I've now waited over 10 hours yesterday and today for a service person to show up at my house. How is this acceptable?
I am very excited for your Campaign Kick Off Event this Saturday!
It's pretty awesome. And even better now that it links with Fitbit!
Not gonna happen!
what about me bitch.I'm out too
Lmao. You don't think it'd be a good fight?? I think he'd give Mayweather all he could handle and would possibly beat him
hacked by hehehe i miss u ger bear!!!!!! school just isnt the same without u!!! (just in case u wnt c this) lylas!!!!
Tornado warnings in Kaufman, Rockwall Counties until 4pm.
there are about 30 dirty jokes I can make from that statement, nuff said
A new Advanced Electives course; Accent Reduction Seminar
Are they textbooks or just books?!
Ok so my localhost dev area in Wordpress just started throwing a crap load of errors saying their code is deprecated? Uh k No its not.
Stop by today and enjoy a burger with brown sugar fried fig on top!
Poof! What do you want with your other two wishes?
So in other words, a delete button? ;)
Driving & smoking with a baby in your backseat. Losers
#eagles and #cowboys lose! Great Sunday so far!!
ha! yeah, i heard there's good smokes on the ID/MT border, can you get on that for us chris?
Aww those poor diabetic polar bears can't move.
This is getting even MORE interesting! ;)
Looking forward to tonight's interview with bluegrass icon Ralph Stanley.
Smh sad case
Up at 4:30am to prep for morning beach photoshoot. Glad I'm not the one getting in the water.
#IfonlyYouCould see me when u say goodbye
too bad I was at practice?
Btw, thanks for the 5 million followers on Instagram!.. If you don't follow me, you can: danielagonzalezlovesyou. Xoxo <U+0001F497>
Hey our vocalist' twitter is andbout guitarist/clean vocalists is follow us:)
Rode 17.1 mi on route 'Work & home', in N/A (avg: 0 mph) on my 2009 Gary Fisher bike.
When friends talk about how long their friends take a poop > bahaha hilarious <U+0001F61D><U+0001F49C><U+0001F4A9>
thx for the follow at ruby4women - I'm now following from mamastreasures, too! Looking forward to your discoveries ;o)
Thanks! RT : Amazing company holiday dinner at prado at balboa park tonight. Kudos the short ribs were delish!!
for #SMWSportsBiz ... Free Brooklyn lager... Classy!
Haha that is right! Thanks": Happy birthday to my brother from another mother, "
Listening to Cobi Jones defend Keane taking that PK reminds me of Sarah Palin defending John McCain for some reason
thanks for the help!
Do you feel weird when underage girls flash you?
Im Not Bipolar Or Mean , Im Jus REAL
Well thank you for the support. I truly appreciate it. Its an edgy read but I've only gotten good feedback so I hope you enjoy it
Thanks for the post!
MAYA is making a special off-the-menu cocktail for the next Art Drinks: a grown-up version of Strawberry Lemonade. Try it on May 9th!
Quote of the Day: Live well, laugh often and love with all of your heart!
Goodmorning , wishing you heaven in your heart , starlight in your soul and miracles in your life.
My fish is sad and alone he needs a friend....
“: Ray lewis 'is this my last time as a raven absolutely not'”
Poised Creation would like to honor the careers of Led Zepplin!
Why not follow me on Facebook as well? Trying to grow a strong social media with spirited awaken people with uplifting tips and posts.
Hi there! Looks like your account recently expired. If you email me, I can help you reactivate - jenn [at] appozite [dot] com
why the FUCK CANT I CHANGE MY PROFILE PITCTURE!!! OMG LOL HELP ME :(
“: Matter is a myth . Consciousness is reality. Don't be bamboozled by a hallucination.” Gravity too?
One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one<U+0092>s work is terribly important.- Bertrand Russell
How's it going?
Thanks for the mention and support.
I had the strangest/weirdest/creepiest dream last night... <U+0001F61E><U+0001F616><U+0001F631><U+0001F62D>
My job/vaca in Connecticut is coming soon...so excited. Also my directorial debut with my theatre class.
After a year at Condé I finally bump into legend Fred Woodward in the elevator. It's a
excellent, email me at javid -at- fanlaunch dot com and we can coordinate.
All I know is I was enchanted to meet you, <3
Great! I've been in Chicago for 3 hours waiting for my delayed airplane which has now arrived. Yay!
HI EVERYONE !
sup girl!
I understand
Show tonight Doors open at 6:30, our set starts at 7:45.
Have a safe trip. :) Love ya! <3
ouch!! dang girl i pray u get better soon,its beautiful outside
I NOT WANT HIM.
updated my blog! Next up, a blog entitled "How to ruin someone's perfectly good summer be being a terrible horrible instructor: 10 EZ steps"
Tuesday: We call "ALL" unsigned talent to the stage. Club Pyramid: 101 Ave. A. BTW 6&7 St. (Lower East Side, NYC). Sign up 8PM, 18+, $10-
Being naturally skinny >> I can eat whatever I want
thx for the follow, returning the favor.
Man I was stupid drunk last night, and somehow I managed to network and I'm not hungover
when will you be performing in Los Angeles? We love you!
RT : Acura's website just crashed...spend a mill on the commercial and your digi guy forgets 2 pay the web hosting bill...
Someone call me pale one more time and I'll block you from my life FOREVER AND WON'T REGRET IT EVER.
Newt Gingrich is the only one that is making sense, he is very knowledgable and a very good leader
never mind. I guess I'm not as dumb as a I look. I was ready sales volume not price. Thanks again. Good stuff.
Tomorrow we get to clean broken glass out of Getaway. Since some jerk decided to bust the glass.
I want to go dress shopping :(
lol sure. Want a postcard too?
The latest security trend... what works ...what doesn't...tell us your story in 150 characters.
228. My history room.
love your new pic!!!
Are you on Pandora? I'm trying to start an Acid Jazz following there.
Ah, that gatorade was good. Thanks to William.
"when I walk into class I choose to sit on the outside and back rows making people crawl over me to get to a seat" -everyone that annoys me
We're meeting with Bob Hope's writer Bob Mills to discuss a show format for 2013 and other top secret ideas.
if I had time to leave the airport I would. Went with #DunkinDonuts instead of Chili's or BK.
isn't giving your wife an allowance basically like paying for sex?
you'll want a car service over a cab -- the cab will be very pricey. Where are you staying?
Now Following , Follow Back ^_^
Hi baby James! I will after my performances are over this weekend - busy, busy :)
punted it with his left foot for the fifth time this season...Dave Plati all over it...that's why he's the best in the biz
Today (October 22) is National Archaeology day! What are your plans to celebrate and support new discoveries?
Really enjoyed presenting at the #cleantechsd board meeting recently. Highly impressed with that organization and it's leadership.
#derbyonnbc im voting for Ill have another, woo hoo!
BREAKING: Chick-Fil-A employee misses target; pours milkshake mix on Goldlink server causing final grades to be massively altered.
Sorry Elliot threw up inside your Christmas gift box....
WTF is hanging out of Nick Johnson's mouth? A piece of salami?
Gordon in for the score. 2 yard run, Cardinal lead 17-6. 1 minute left for the White offense.
Helton's going cow tipping after this if you're free... RT /starts warming up fingers to get ready for cap tipping
You love our crab cakes? Thank you!!! Do you enjoy them in one of our restaurants, or do you buy them in the grocery store?
Breakfast @ monona terrace with
Wonderful #wordsofwisdom! RT: never miss an opportunity just because you might be tired the next day.
Dude 2k 12 man...how u make dat game any more real den it already is smh
#Galtung's father was arrested by the Nazis and used as a hostage toward English bombs.
Your past should not dictate ur future..stop looking in the rear view mirror while trying to move forward
next Wednesday is stupid, we get out early. TOMORRROOOOOWWWW
what's that?
Come on Indy!
Today is a great day!
Tampilan baru mobile twitter.. just knew :D
Don't be afraid to take an unfamiliar path, sometimes they're the ones that take you to the best places.
RT : Alliance of Angels Pitch Clinic this Thurs w/ Coaching early-stage comps & bringing best deals to angel investors
“Man should forget his anger before he lies down to sleep
why are you complaining non stop shut the fuck up already if i didn't care then what makes you think ima care now ??
#smcrva iraqi students surprised that there is poverty in america, yet admire that there r nonprofits to take care of them
Great win for Bucky and a sweep for the weekend over RIT. Nice start to the second half.
Of course it's got to be pouring today for fox field. Oh well drink up everyone
Only 4 days till Christmas! Foamily has Griffin Longboards and more for $100 off normal price...amazing Christmas present.
When I was in grad school, I lived in Pakistan doing research (mid 90s). I wanted to complain today, then recalled how cushy my reality is.
CUBS ARE AWFUL!!
Saturday morning wooooosh must mean it's end of quarter...
Hope ur feeling better. Miss you much! XoXoXo.
Sacred cows make great hamburgers.
"post-print" not being particularly meaningful; post-editing vs published is definitely a red herring. :)
Me too! I ALWAYS try to mess with them.
Man, I wish I was at 's Taste of Hillcrest. But, as usual, whenever they have fun events I'm doing HW. #MBA is almost done!
I'm gonna pretend that I didn't see that tonight would have been game 6. No I'm not still sad about it. What are you talking about? :(
I'm super stoned. I wanna tweet stuff about how awesome of a childhood I had
Communication is a skill that you can learn
Good thing my Twitter notifications woke me up because my alarm clock didn't
It was nice watching game 7 of the 1994 Western Conf. finals the other day. Nothing like seeing
Are the MittWits gonna push Flip Romney to the promised land?
We miss you and Wilmy to!!! :(
Love & life is such a beautiful thing. Especially when they go together. <U+0001F49C>
We're not that scary, are we? ;) Pass it along, I'm sure someone will be interested!
Welp, interesting weekend to say the least
GoPhone allows refill in preset amount. If $2 daily plan & $15 added, always trailing $1. Shouldn't service be advertised as $2.14/day?
live to catch people or live to accidentally make them happen?
Posted! Haha I am awake because I got caught up in my netflix!
I guess this game could be worse; It could be on #Versus ...
No need to pay for $9 ginger ales at karaoke tonight. Staying home to cook myself dinner and watch Mad Men. Nice and quiet.
FOLLOW ME!<U+2665>
First day as a Freshman not Bad
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul. ~Henry Ward Beecher
So, how do you build a more trusted competency that carries more weight? What does that look like?
Not as easily as you'd think! Waiting on Google for a response to my Analytics feedback questions, and will write about that too
First moment up for air all day. And it's 3pm. Now to wedge in actual work...
He told me the same thing but I was dressed like a panther at the time.
I hate when I get irritated at home because I'm surrounded by negative people and it just makes it worse |:
In A/C class. More interesting then you would think.
30% of web traffic coming from
Maurice Sendak was truly an amazing children's author and he showed us that not all monsters are scary. One of my favorites for sure!
Glad to have Doo home for snuggles and hugs. Now we all need to get and stay healthy!
"I can't go into that backyard." "Why not?" "There's a beast back there. A giant gorilla-dog that ate one kid already." "Is that a fact?"
They said it was it didn't show a personal experience. Admittedly, I'd abbreviated my horrible experience to "ugh." ;)
sounds like me! Just hard to beat a good book.
what's your favorite guitar you're playing these days?
We're so dysfunctional. It's pretty beautiful.
Looking for Snow Removal services in Greeley/Loveland call Martina at 303-210-7752.Great reliable service & Great prices!
everything happens for a reason IG”
April 2003: Mike Mussina and Kevin Brown record their 200th victories in back to back games, the first teammates in ML history to do so.
In CD/BF match-up: polls go to CD; electorates goes to BF; draw on the candidates; better campaign goes to CD
I'd get lost fast.
kris carpenter (ia): companies deciding they don't have resources to customize for every environment; html5 meant to standardize
is my new favorite site. has far surpassed my love for pinterest
#SYTYCD was amazing last night! I loved the statue dance! which was your favorite? Read my review here dld.bz/aa6Qd
RT : The "Hpy Bday" wall post on Fbk is like saying: 'I would've sent you a nice ecard, but I don't have that kind of time.'
Thank you for joining us! Lets us know what you order.
Oh how I wish you were here Liza!! Need to make a trip to GH in the next year or two eh? :)
Day 4 of captain's school today. Aids to navigation. Here we go!
Just finished a Go-See Very creative atmosphere. They were super nice and Floyd the bulldog was too cute!
when is our next dinner? =)
taco bell is icky.
Larry Sanders held Russell Westbrook by his shoe after they both fell to the floor and were behind the play. Smooth move.
Hello Monday. I'm wearing my awesome pants. Bring it on!
One Call () on Twitter
people who type like that are the worst.....
or boring te he
lol...my son grabs the fries b4 the napkin can go on.
Can't believe it's March already---7 months till the wedding, and so much to do!
She is a copy machine!
I hate when you get more favorites tweets than retweets.
Hans Rosling: I love this guy! If you haven't watched "The Joy of Stats", do it: www.gapminder.org/videos/the-joy-of-stats. An hour, but fun
Hey, coach, are Bobby Knight's past criticisms of Calipari warranted?
Just bought tickets to see Bill Maher at Whitney Hall on May 19th. Should be one hilarious night.
1 more day till My princess 's Birthday
i have the day off doing school work
"I need a man who smells like coco butter & ca$h".
Happy three day weekend, twittering friends.
Ah..now I remember why I dislike Santorum so so much.
just fine. Very hot. Wish the power would come back on.
An account with 1,700 followers is "verified". I have 2150, where's my fucking checkmark?
Kelly Osbourne's hair matches Sarah Hyland's dress. Grow up, Kelly.
Wow just doing updates on Zillow.com
The internet is a strange and amazing place. is live tweeting
So sleepy. School school school and some more
Loved tonight's Whitney Houston episode of
Thursday is always my favorite day as I get to break down 1/2 of a whole #pig from and then make
Built my own. The shopping cart coop was free (made by architecture students) but really kinda shite.
Thanks for the RT! I hope it wasn't a pity RT. I don't get offended that easily. :)
woah... lol sorry. Wow, u guys waited forever, n they never came out? :l they probably left through another door.
Presenting 21st Century Learning and Skills to the Joplin
We're seriously having bad weather in miami
Hibachi Steak is already on my mind!
I know he's my man it's all in my hands,it feels good when he call my name don't you wish you had the same?
Great minds think alike!!!
was quite excited to see the dogwoods blooming...just lovely.. would love one in my back yard.. hint. hint..
I have a serious #pretzel bun addiction
It is always ok to be honest
I want sum cheesecake
Excited about the fashion show tonight!!! =)
Are you on a team for Reach the Beach? What's your team name and how is your fundraising going?
It sure was cold at my gig tonight.If they can pay for a band, why can't they pay for some heat.
awww. just saw someone on pinterest who made a snack... for her bunco group.
great work as always :)
awesome! both are solid- just depends on what style you're going to use it for most. though if it were up to me- vox all the way.
Good Luck Lovely Lady. Sober and happy with your body, a dangerous combination.
I've gone to a bunch of different comic shops in LA and walked out empty handed after facing rude clerks and dusty, unorganized shelves.
It's always great to be #home. Back in the
“: I wonder who this could be referring too~~~~~*~~~~~” oh lord . Take a guess
Noticing = babystep to
#gslisui MS '09, currently working as a special collections (cataloging) librarian
Thanks for the RT!
Glenn Gary performs every Wed. & Fri. at Westin Hotel in DC. His show is drawing international attention and phrase. Don't miss it!
i wanna cuddle with you. >.>
Fuck, I wish I could sing like my dad. :(
#YoMommaSoFat She has her own gravitational pull.... :-v
If you're important to them they will always find a way to make time for you. No excuses, no lies and no broken promises.
Hey, can you be 13 to go to the taping of ABDC?(:
I can't it was off of hers
is killing it on Live with Regis (Kelly) - He may be leaving after this performance!
Happy Bday pa :)
haha I can't I suck at tests....
Thankful for every time God gives me a chance to start over again.
i love u!
ima need my manager here to disclose those details lol
Seriously! little brothers are pests
Great Movie, my fav group for karaoke
Hey Milwaukee! It's like spring out there. It will melt your stresses away.
I'm not sure that's tension they are feeling :)
nothing just tweeting about how much i lovve you lmfao , and u ? :)
I won't see you hit the ground.
Have a good time in Dallas :-)
I never realized how prevalent jokes about suicide were in this society.
Get my cap and gown tomorrow (:
Oh shit fighting on my TL :x
he plays better in night games. Lol.
Time to start a new life new ppl new friends
Goal of the Day: Hold the door, carry something heavy, buy a cookie! Commit to doing one nice thing for somebody else each day.
Food Truck Friday is on!!!!!!! #ComeGetYourSpuds !!!! We are here til 9pm with a ton of other trucks..
Tweet tweet tweet.
I'm trying to shake what me and my friends call that "husband body." LOL
Friday Flood Tip: Remove as much water as possible by mopping and blotting.
The real work starts once someone leaves the safety of treatment.
Today we ask social media prof , has Facebook already peaked? Then on challenging Warren's Democratic nomination
Speech making no sense
my phone never stays charged smh
I was being serious :P
Unilateral divorce decreases the bargaining power of men who want their marriage to last & hasn't done anything to contribute to it's demise
What do you guys think about the new new Twitter? Or is it the new new new Twitter?
Just found you online through the #BlogPawty and realized you're nearby. We should come visit sometime!
Forecast for Tonight: Partly cloudy in the evening then low clouds and fog. Lows 53 to 58. Areas of winds west 15...
What happened to all the cool toys that used to come in cereal boxes?
I'm hoping PIPA and SOPA pass, for artist we going back to real royalties no lawyer fees
just go running instead.
Thieves Like Us- Drugs In My Body.
thank you, Amber!
"Neon" coming up NEXT on #Pittsburgh where our favorite colors are
Mother's Day is May 13! Let her know how Sweet she is with some truffles! #carmel, #mother's Day
Thought about car wash coupons for your business fleet? That's what we do!
I'm rockin' down to great iTunes while walkin' on the treadmill. Keeps me there, instead of the armchair…wow, I love it so. Merry Christmas!
Chloe Moretz her birthday is soon 2-10-12 she will be 15 anyone who is a big fan of her follow me or tweet me so i know ok yeh chloe
« Sometimes you need to run away just to see who will come after you.»
Sometimes I feel like Waka Flocka is the only person who understands me.
Reminder: 215 east and west access to I-15 south closed until 5am for girder work on Warm Springs Bridge.
Belief is the death of intelligence.
The adult prom dresses at this prom show are amazing so far
So nice out
I'm great! How are you? :) Xo
Is it because you're so hot-n-spicy? (Ya know how opposites attract) “: Hey fans , why are you so fucking cool ?”
believe it!!!
"I was to blind to see that you were too deaf to hear me."
Ninja Mode <U+270C>
Early morning testing rounds for my upcoming Indy races... I'm determined to succeed... nothing is stopping me!
RT Samsung's Galaxy Tab said to be debuting at IFA next month: We'd already heard that Samsung's 7-inch Android-based... h
Seriously, I want to commit Seppuku after drinking coconut water.
Beep beep.
Im so jealous of everyone that gets to g to the zoo tomorrow .
Good night :)
*wipes crust out my eyes* good mornin' :D
Haven't Tweeted in 2days!!
Just found out that we're getting 8 Canon XH-A1S cameras and accessories for my Video Art class next year!
feels wrong to fly to st. Louis today after the lost their world series bid. surrounded by fans in red regalia.
can't
Take your ticket stubs from today's BBall game to Lobo baseball at 4:30 p.m. at Isotopes Park or UNM Softball at 5 p.m. and get in for $1!
There are some nights I hold on to every note I ever wrote
Recommendation: Get dropped off at school. You most likely will be too tired to drive Saturday morning, and reduce risks of damage to cars
#iPhone 4s commercial with <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
The internet has made it to where anybody can "ACT" LIKE A (RAPPER) anybody can buy "YOU TUBE VIEWS" to trick the the people...
band tees, ripped skinny jeans & converse. <3
thanks, unique law police used on this, chalk one up for the good guys!..Yala's for everybody, hey talk about good cold pizza
21 show, Dark Horse Bar and Grill, Oshkosh Wisconsin FREE entry!!!!!!!!!! We're playing with 3tc again, 5man, and then some.. Show...
saw Clay on the TV and jumped as if they had won the SB
NYE Irish celebration at 6pm then Walkers Point Pub crawl from 9p-6a with more live music at 10p. Comp champaign.
well, im putting him on second string, it's my time now....
I didn't get the invite!
USGS is not reporting an earthquake anywhere near #SanDiego that would have been felt in the last 10 min.
I guess this is why i love twitter so much. I can rant and rant.
Cloudlands Opens tonight at South Coast Repertory!
Lmfaoo which one?
Carolina BBQ in slow cooker, baked beans, cole slaw, roasted potatoes and beer
My bracket officially sucks now after the last two nights
If you will give to Thor Hansen Fund the easiest way is to transfer to PokerStars nick "Fropsy". Thanks a lot!
Watching Tim right now present to us EMBA 18s.. Can I get a Woot! Woot!
Well guess its bout that time to start this studying
It's k! How'd you sleep
having fun with nuns!
Thanks for the support folks! Finished lap 5 but getting my butt kicked. Over 40 miles in - resting now.
Where To Sell Gold Jewelry: Where To Sell Gold ... - Blogger At Large
A relationship becomes easier when u realize that u don't have 2 b the 1 at fault 2 b the 1 who's sorry. R. Braul
Paul Higgins is sex.
you should check out my son. He'll be at ur prospect camp. YouTube: Javonn curry highlights paint branch high school
Yeah, I think they r a great band
Bitchh, your like a refrigerator.. Everyone's stuck their meat in you, x)
Pietrus fling special. RT : I have Antoine Walker flashbacks when Pietrus decides it's time for threes
Just watched Topgun with the man
Great seeing U in my neighborhood this AM.Thks 4 the VA discus'n.Not done often enough! VA in 1920's.U a VAn 2,WOW homegrl!
Power Up! Learning more about what next year will look like when our HS kids bring their laptops to school...
All about my dough but I don't even check the peephole
kinda sucked but we're good with it, and now I have a reason to visit Shanghai. :-)
mega millions jackpot now at record high, 500,000,000 dollars. which inevitably means a filthy rich 85 year old will win it.. Like Madonna
#ConfessionTime I deleted U
AUDJPY is for now respecting channel.
RT : the last space shuttle launch. Many years of looking to the eastern sky watching,holding your breath, hoping all goes well.
one step at the time will take to achive your dreams!!
Or: more prosaically, no one Googles verbs.
Tuesday or Monday
'I really thought you were the one. It was over before it begun' _unfriend you :*
#NowFollowing Support my girl ~~~> Follow now #freaks sex toys on deck
oh aight. you gone hoop for the army?
Back in NYC & Kitty is happy to c me! She does not like to b alone! #SpoiledKitty #Happy2Bhome :)
can't wait! Will be glad to see you there
In a really good mood today(:
I'll Send you some free recordings mp3 of mine. Frnk, Tony, Dean type Music. Just follow me Jay Markoff on Facebook.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! Can't wait to celebrate!
FAKE PEOPLE DON'T DESERVE RESPECT, NOR DO THEY DESERVE ANYMORE OF MY TIME, I'M DONE WITH IT,
Thank you so much!! you're the best!
kids choice awards lol. who is hosting snl ?!
YAY FOR THE ALTHERR'S GETTING THE JEROME GRAND HOTEL RE-OPENED:) THROUGH TWO LONG DREADFULL COURT DATES, WE HAVE FINALLY REACHED A FAIR ...
20 years ago this month I started my first job as a librarian. Happy careeriversary to me.
Thanks for the RT Eddie!
Cont. Josh Hamilton DH/OF, & Roy Halladay P
Psyched to have an iPod again
I think Ax Men is 90% set up now.
#shoutout to some great peeps
Awww man. So sorry about that! We'll let the hotel know about this.
NNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! Booze kills germs! ;-)
aw, I miss this kinda stuff haha
Rest in peace my Usher!
I leave for Nashville in 3 weeks. I'll work spring training starting march 2nd in maryvale, then work the season at Nashville.
Will do for sure.
#TLG2012 "How do we create innovations that sustain communities" Janet Denhardt
Sarah Palin is NOT running for President. Please begin ignoring her ASAP.
She say its so.good more then worth waitin I say if its that good then baby we might as well get naked!
Indeed. Maybe the next one will do it. Microsoft is getting there, slowly, but surely. I'm cheering for them; Apple needs competition.
also, the warning system FAILED, that's like having the gas indicator light go on with 1 mile left before you run out
my fav. weather I need 2 be were u at but um check out my boy Gutta J Nino Brown on youtube
I actually started using it during beta, but found that the notifications are too frequent. It's not for me.
My Pandora playlist played Dropkick Murphys "state of mass." earlier. Now I don't want to do anything but watch Nitro Circus! Lol
Why am I sleeping so late?!
My dad just pisses me off.
k but it's gota be a day I go an I will proudley get it haha just cuz u held me to it hahhahahahah:)
Laying in bed blessed with the support from friends family and new fans of my music. Thank you everyone :)
gestalt & resistance - don't overcome but embrace
I give and give, but she just doesn't appreciate it
Just saw Never say never preview on tv:)
has butterflies in her tummy again!
Daniela Zagnolli Jewelry Collection is featured on EveryThingSheWants.net!!! Use code spring2011 to get 20% off at www.DanielaZagnolli.com
RT Neat tweets on Staining Concrete Floors Pool Decks Patios Interesting Looking take a look mand please RT
You heard right! performs from 11am - 12pm at 2 locations: State/Madison & State/Monroe.
Weirdest news on draft day has nothing to do with the draft but everything to do with skipping the draft and golfing instead
yeah the whole album is pretty boss! His best album so far....
Nice! What kind of shoes? :)
Great..a ginger movie
thanks for the follow
your voice, i can die of happiness now.
I hate you guys! #amidoingitright ;-)
Had a blast last night. Finally made some new friends. :)
#YouCuteAndAllBut you're annoying AF so it'll never work out.
I love Janet's blog!
hey - nice to meet you. Hope your doing well
That sounds incredible! Enjoy your #seder!
Damn fam just gon blast me huh...i gotcha when i get hm u alreddi kno & gud lookin out fa da #Queen!!!
:( feel better !! Mish u
Patience comes in handy
#IfGiaWasMyWife She could get it al day everyday .
Two households, both alike in dignity, in fair Verona, where we lay our scene...
HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY to !!!!!!! Hope you have a super great day, free of encounters with whales! xoxoxoxoxoxo
I know man I miss yah!
I find it funny when people who don't know shit about boxing ask "who having a fight party"..ole begging ass, Felicia from Friday ass niggas
disconnect is in Congress e
Going to go insane
soo proud to b a Defensemen and an Alum!! Here comes th TERPS!! What out NCAA Tournament!!! "YEAH TERPS!!!!"
you can never go back and erase your mistakes. the only way to fix them is by moving forward.
lol, im getting tired of you, you bout to get that booty whooped doee'!
I could do errands.. but who wants to do that!
Men here wear capris. Time to get back to nyc!
What's your latest fashion find? Can be makeup, accessories, jewelry, apparel, whatever! What's in your swag bag?
#InCaseYouDidn'tKnow Jayz's Black album is a classic that is comparable to BP1 and Reasonable Doubt, don't leave it out the convo 4 his best
Hardest decision to make when packing for regionals; which teddy bear to bring.
& are two people who get so much flak for the important arguments that they make. So much respect to both.
Happy New Year!
thanks too & gonna play some
Last lesson with Mildred today D; D; D;
Looking forward to the workshop tonight. A lot of good Bicentennial Columbus starts on the docket.
RT : No idea 's SM strategy was so robust. Thx & for visiting #mcom333 - too
I think I have date soon. (at least I think so)
Be sure to check out Kevin's "Talkin Walkin" pod too! Chris Walken has never been funnier!
ATF pretending to be a record label in order to catch drug dealers..
Going into school late...
I need you to need me. RT : I want you to want me!
Ryan Braun's HRs should be in the #sctop10. Especially the 2nd one where the guy with the sling caught it one-handed.
very fun!
Thanks for the shout out & the love!
- You forgive me? - I have forgiven, but my friend .. in short evening walk more carefully, my dear)))
Only a week (or so) until our User's Conference in Santa Fe!! 120 attendee's this year - we're so excited!
efficacious eniwetok: Vonage reports $14 million in income, loses ...
what teachers
More history: California Rep. Nancy Pelosi became the first female Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives today in 2007.
Jobs wanted to solve problems, didn't rely on data. #ideaseconomy Data alone doesn't unearth problems...
Inactive for next 24, blazing and posting kony posters
looks like espn2 back up
what are you doing with a Mets hat on?!?!?? You're living in Miami and repping the Heat!
MT : A1: Ability to think outside of norms (bldg codes, materials, methods). Willingness to accept others opinions
Don't forget that today is Stamp Out Hunger! Help by joining the Letter Carriers’ 20th annual food drive—the largest one-day food drive...
just tried to take out $1,000 from an ATM.. We must be drinking heavy tonight
I switched channels when they were down by 10 and just turned back. Wow. RT “: This game is LIN-sane!!!”
Class went well last night. Next week we will be working on Shakespeare Henry V.
yea Forsure man
Freaky friday.
Cute. RT Redundant cat DOES have a redundant tat. post.ly/2W0g1
Why yo lips so dry???
Deep breaths, Happy Thoughts. Hope it gets better :)
right here wahts good
Great start to the morning... My car doesn't start.
Just watched your Q&A session. Great stuff! Would love to see it become a regular thing.
thanks for the heads up
haha! Great idea! My goal is to b done by Christmas!
i miss u my boo!
well , people on spring break dont .
Maturity is the slow acceptance of all the things you will never be.
Thanx, love! You don't need anything to do so except YOURSELF and YOUR TOTALITY! INSPIRE YOUR SELF! ;-)
Congrats on the baby!
Bathing suit shopping #summahhh2012 (;
Crystal def had mary's phone
Breaking News: Osama bin Laden is dead. President Obama will address the Nation in minutes...
Thanks man, nice of you say!
Why are liberals who want the government to regulate their health care upset that the government wants to regulate their internet?
Like they know. :-) RT : It's nearly 70 degrees already in the #Denver area. (At least that's what just told me.)
But we *do* decide that very thing every day: in wars, in funding for disaster aid, in abortions. We already have the right.
Sober up man.
A woman who knows how to fuck starts off by sucking the dick then rides the dick then gets doggy, arches that back, & handles that dick!
Running like a ninja to catch the bus and once you get on everyone is staring at you X[
yeessss. we are such fails. <U+0001F602>
Don't forget to be there Saturday the 26th! We're auctioning off the brand new Xbox Elite 250GB Console to kick things off!
U & BAIN Buy Co's, Leverage Emp.Pensions, Borrow, Default, KEEP MILLION$ & leave Depleted Pensions & #Jobless behind
Last final of fall quarter!
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
My 2 year old only wants to growl today.
me either ... Im so ready to rage to above and beyond <3
Some nights you just need to look up at the stars with a close friend standing next to you and realize what really matters...
so prob no Black & Mild smoking in the bathroom either then eh?
May is national bike month! Get a heads start by joining us for on April 15 from 10am-3pm.
....blinking cursor....
Just made it in ! #beerpong !
its so funny when people say 'im meeting justin soon. follow so-and-so & i'll tell him to follow you!' uhm, yeah right. i'm not dumb sweety.
Beautiful day for the #Tigers #Hens game today!
Getting ready for work
I'd love to do either an interview or feature! Whichever you prefer. That would be awesome!
never tried it
I think about too much before I go to sleep
roasted with some olive oil, salt & pepper, fresh garlic, thyme & oregano. They were delicious babies! cc
We do not consider any volunteer hours in the total of company giving. Hope this helps!
sad title :(
Not feeling good.
I dnt work till the 9th..I'll stop by then what u doing tonight...
I heard dat. Follow back sexxii
Do you have a favorite on the list of restaurants?
Waiting in a very long line to meet Carl Hiaasen
Hello, I love you . Wont you tell me your name?
fantastic Ignite presentation at #techcon!
congrats! I knew one of these days you'd actually stick with it! Remember summer '06?
i see. well youu should stay like that for a while. and if he really likes you he'll want you again. :)
"Accessibility is Not a Feature: Integrating Accessibility Into Your Projects" is May 18 at MLK library bit.ly/9KMQE9
I'm looking for , where you bitches hiding?
thank's for the follow :)
Woke up with a stiff neck :(
Social Media Intern...I'm stoked to have a title.
me&another supported talked w/3 kids wholl b 1st time voters this year. w/the truths we said, they now say theyll vote4 POTUS!
The eskimos had fifty-two names for snow because it was important to them: there ought to be as many for love.
who ya got?
So exicited for the how I met your mother season finale tonight!
ryan leslie does everything from scratch thats why i respect him .. real music maker ... alot of producers dont do that ..
the person who maintains this account will be moving to , this will be updated by others, some of u will want 2 follow both
Dixie Chicks and Motorhead.
Bosson: Why should we approve a map that has political bias?
So many at risk children at birth...and up to 5 years of age. Achievement gaps start right here.
Working non stop on the final edit of my book. Please pray for me as I try to finish! This has been a marathon, but I know God will use it.
RT :Confusing Sade the Nigerian-British singer with Sade (1740-1814) the French writer and libertine is a classic rookie mistake.
A very slow, not easily transmissible virus.
you're a beauty
RT : Son: Daddy, what's gay? Dad: It means happy. Son: Are you gay? Dad: No, I married your mother.
Saw last night! I auditioned for 1 of Katniss' stylists, Portia. The casting was spot on. It was visually rad. Great movie.
I wanna see the three stooges aha
Funny firefighter. MT : If I weren't married, I'd be praying for a fire at 's house! Just a small one.
Taking shots !!!
I just want to do as much for her as she do for me..
Hamilton beach slow cooker coupons
very true.
how old is she?! 12? he's a fuckin sexy ass 17 soon to be 18 year old.
I'm having the same problem. Lots of alerts but nothing showing up in interactions
I think they are some of the few people that can come off a tv show and be destined for stardom.
The future looks like a glass half full, or should we say, glasses half full. Thank you for your time and support!
fuck it, if he's gonna mess with my heart, then he doesn't deserve it.
It is not a good idea to have a funny show on the tv in d gym when your working out. Lol
#3WordsForYou take a bath.
You can now set indexes on the command line within rails migrations: rails g resource foo bar:index
#MrPintar also has 3 of us. Keeps u both young!
Another awesome service at the Ark Church!
"It is not length of life but depth of life." ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Thanks for the follow Say hi to everyone in NYC for me!
up the punx
atleast u ain't disappeared but Ian gone b green lol
- only all too often? Not most of the time? Have never seen line used for someone doing all the team work. LOL
Tony the "Prince Charming" shoe-bearing schmoozer with the 12 yo son: already said no about him. It still stands.
what season are you on?!
I've not seen one. It'd be easy to find out though.
Up on the early side..... Work at 8!
haha, alright well i'll wait until it knows how to potty the proper way
get boned broseph. hate that :[
Watching a one legged wrestler in the NCAA national finals n the 125lbs class. AMAZING! His disadvantage is actually his advantage.
How much you want ?
Than you for following me on twitter!
well you could always turn on basketball :)
SEC changes its <U+0432><U+0402><U+045A>neither admit nor deny<U+0432><U+0402><U+045C> policy for settlements
RT Everyone go and download new app! It is a great resource for women looking to enhance their spiritual walk!”
people who wanted Daren Rovell to shut up about attendence
It was a big concert week in #CentralFL – which band is your favorite: , or ?
you know all of MTV's doc stuff is still shot on DVXs. Crazy.
There can never be enough Gil Scott-Heron.
I'll definitely have a little party that day.
you guys still going? i hear christmas carols...
thanks girl! I just got emotional lol
i can't imagine!! AH! beyond excited for you!! so good to hear! make sure & rub it in!
And just like that, game is tied 6-6 on a 5th error by St. Xavier. Uncharacteristic of Tigers to be throwing ball around field like this.
Congratulations on being LJ's library of the year! I am proud been inspired as a kid to become a librarian there.
Thank you :) that means alot RT : I just thought I'd tell you that I have so much respect for you as a Dad
A realization. "With a sinister smile, he quickly vanishes down the alley," recounts , "Leonardo exclaims: Fantomas?!!"
RT : Absurdism is next is Concerning by DJ Clark
great sale! are others planned?
Did all my tweeps see that the BCS National championship is in South Florida next yr... Can u say economy Boost and Partying of course see y
RT Money will come & go, but the lessons I've learned starting with & will last...
they call me superman
There are way too many hot girls in short shorts and boots at the Bean Bag for a Tuesday before 10:30 a.m.
That's what I'm saying. I wrote a song recently called Overtime which talks about walking out cause the boss wants to stay.
Standing room only; hundreds if not thousands ouside gate unable 2 enter
Who won and had all four in their evening?
Lmfaoo to #oomf does it look like I gave a fuck O.o because I really dont :)
Thank you. Hasn't been short in awhile. Just gotta get used to it.
So... I love 'I want to dance with somebody' but if I hear it one more time I'm going to f&f shwartz flip!
Love to see where you hung them if you can tweet a picture. Glad they arrived safely.
On my way to bus -__- blahh cant wait for tomorrow and thurs and fri :D
#Grindin' (some more)
He's going to be an independent consultant (while also running Museums and the Web with Nancy, Titus and Hiroko.)
sitting at home and later regretting your idleness...bc you always grow from being proactive!
Finished the superlatives.. hardest thing I've done all year
Happy Labor Day to all of my Grenada and Panama fam!
everyone looked great at pictures today! REMEMBER: if you are on the stop list you have till 5 pm tomorrow to get it cleared. GET IT DONE!
And a BIG shoutout to , who mixed/mastered the entire 'Collection Of Themes: Vol. 1' and a handful of tunes from the new release
woohoo! hope you have an awesome time!
A bit of fragrance always clings to the hand that gives roses
who would you want to take it???Lakers or Heat????
I really wish I could unsubscribe from email alerts from They are starting to get annoying.
Glee ended great. But Glee Season 4 is gonna go HAM
I want some no homo lol
clearly you need your own signature line of headphones.
Happy Mother's Day.
nah. There's no reason for me to be mad at you..
Rubicon's Hop Sauce Double IPA is pouring right now! Damn fine...
RT : Innovation in the arts: new connections within org, between orgs and with community
Everyone should be expected to be able to do anything.
Exausted! I thought working out was to suppose give you energy ... No it just makes me ready to go to sleep!
Way to go ! Great effort boys. Now let's take it to Orlando...
Nice, what's your goal?
GOOD MORNING WARRIORS AND FRIENDS!!!!
Happy Tuesday to you too :D
me for sure!!
“: Listening to ”SWEET!
if morgan freeman goes to jail is he just morgan man
Any idea when 'Lunch with a Legend' will start up again?
Makes sense to me!
Lifelog as documentation of relationship between driver & car, makes me recall "Blue-y," the car I grew up with #altchi is too cool
hey. Its beautiful. Nice kool breeze. I got my window open now. (Lettn the smoke out)
It really creeps me out when guys have finger nails so long you could give them a french manicure..
Great talk today at Lean Startup! Would love to talk more about my startup using unbounce :-)
going good I gi this online radio station Mon wed Fri I sing live over phone then get judged. So far pass every week.
should check out www.kmcamera.com!
Yes, its time to shred all those files. No job to big or small
Telling someone how you feel is honestly the hardest shit ever.
This dude is seriously not speaking to me anymore, lol! Really?
Breaking News: Romney Lies Again ~ Nose Crosses Atlantic ~ Spotted In France
Love and Happiness
Good morning to my new boo!
Hey baby I got the poison, you ain't getting up from this one...
It is difficult to know at what moment love begins; it is less difficult to know that it has begun
I <U+2764> he's going to make millions. "I'll remember that when I'm making records." that a boy Colton. He's gonna prove to everyone.
Working and going to school is not easy, but as the cliché goes, nothing worth anything in life is easy.
we are closed today for #PresidentsDay. We will open at normal hours tomorrow! Enjoy your day
3 more hours at work... Gonna take some time to get used to night shift... Worth it though.
RT : SPF is important for your child - skin cancer development can originate as far back as early childhood
Poor she thinks she's going to get an ass !
going to try it tonight at Horseshoe casino in Cleveland
that the chance to meet him is like impossible! but we never gave up, +
What are the #DCFoodTrucks at Franklin Square today? I got a posse of about 10-15 people that want to experience the scene.
uses Beatles song in tonight's episode.
Wishing you a wonderful, blessed, FUN, and safe Thanksgiving!!!! Thank you for your love and continuous support!!!!
Twelve people run the Instagram company?! I'm picking up aroma of robot.
You can manage multiple sites under one master account. Each site has its own billing, emails, plans, customization, etc.
your the first person i followed in 2012
You don't know my life so don't judge me :p
Cooking tip: Don't microwave popcorn for four minutes unattended. Chaos results.
I think I just accidentally committed myself to writing poetry.
On my way to a VOICE Buffalo fundraiser. VOICE is a congregation-based organizing group which 1199 recently joined
Craving food from a Chinese/japanese buffet
Usually I feel like the ish, but tonight Im just feeling like plain ish..
Up early on an off-day. School work, taxes, watch Opening Day.
Wonderful event held at this evening to celebrate Wonderful things in store for the Arts community.
The only person you have to impress is yourself.
About to check out at
I'm watching Remember The Daze. I'm not goin lie,I freaked out when you was beating the shit out ole dude! O.o lmao
You are welcome, hope it was wonderful!
..Name, the Lakers are a major contender until Kobe's retirement..
Back to work after a fantastic NYC weekend!
I'll ned more than a tweet to see why
aye hoe ! i think nbdy wants to read yo crap! "blah im short"
for the one year anniversary! Come down and celebrate. Beautiful day for outside music!
Red State is now on #Netflix Instant.
On this day, 1953, in my great-grandparents home, my mother was born! HAPPY BIRTHDAY, MOM!!! I LOVE YOU!!!
Computer dirty talk: I'm gonna RAM your processor until I terminate all over your motherboard.
Awesome! is using our #socialoffers widget to offer 15% OFF!
Good luck in your senior year, you'll do great! I have no doubt you will continue to be true to yourself, stick with it! <U+0001F60A>
If you need sightseeing tips, let me know. I live in Seattle and have season tix for the Sounders.
I want to generate SQL based on some object's state. Should that SQL-generating code be extension method, partial class, other, and why?
when you say "never," it makes it sound so ... never. give me a little something to cling to.
I don't want shit to do with you , get out of my life.
imagining a world without state executions
Psalm 120:6-7 KJV My soul hath long dwelt with him that hateth peace. I am for peace: but when I speak, they are for war.
Thank you for sharing your Piemonte experience in , great read!
Don't assume. u make an ass out of yourself. thought everyone knew this. Apparently not lol
please forward additional details through direct msg
Thanks to dad's stocking stuffers, Ive got Sinatra, Styx, and Journey for my drive to Dallas Monday
Fire alarm!!
Done with class forEVER
my day was great :) and ah im jealous that you caught a fish! i go fishing with my uncle & i've never caught one! lol
because of , I found an inspiration (:
Congrats on the gig!
#literacy is to understand & ability to explain a #concept/thing/practice that isn't innate knowledge all breathing things do
Good morning texts from the love of my life >>
Busy, Busy week coming up!!!!!!!
did that guy just instantly pass out? Hahaha
MCRmy LV, we are honoring Skye, a girl that got killed because she wore a MCR top, and it dose not matter wat music u listen to, you r U RIP
Every Wisconsin library and citizen has access to thousands of online newspapers, magazines and books through DPI's BadgerLink service.
#Spurs an Clippers battle it out tonight! Gonna be exciting.
When i see you smile it makes me smile
You're an alcoholic. I'm just drunk.
Omw to school.getting Troy prom ticket today oh yah and btw we get out at 945
hahaha that works too :) I get that a lot
Terrible news about Derrick Rose, one player can change everything
Hope You are feeling better Devin! How's everything going in California? GOD BLESS. :)
While everyone else rests on this Sabbath day, I'll be in a tech. rehearsal! TheySleep. WeGETWORK.
"Today Was A Good Day" perfect ending to a great day.
Elizabeth along w/ Eldzier Cortor were the last of our 20th century modernists. She was a Phenom, Giant & Extraordinary Woman.
GORGEOUS! I love the dramatic composition and dramatic clouds. Thanks for sharing!!
Good morning, Jacksonville!
good! It is terrible!
Assuming that Baltimore is not going to be very much different, I hate this news.
Lisa and I just had pictures made with Chinese delegates are over 700 of them in attendance--young and dynamic group!
did you go ghost this week or what?
lmao no. I'm sorry I forgot to tell y'all. But I'm finna leave anyway.
ya it does big time but oh well
An email was sent about the situation.
RT : "Hey, this is pretty boring, I'm going to call a Technical!"
Nice am waiting and will send more questions later
Yes it is. Precisely "pretending that one knows less about something than one really does" to deny the obvious.
I'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart. cummings, e e
RT : I love how these DirecTV commercials portend holistic doom because of wack cable service. Subconscious programming is expensive.
Getting carried away wont get you anywhere..
hahaha you need to come over to watch mr deeds logan. i miss you):
Amen, sister. Whole foods sells a line of chocolate bars that I can never pass over.
RT: Heard about cool art installation a/b homeless families in Seattle. They need volunteers: ping for info!
Haiku: Tebow asked to prom, He sides with Reverend Shaw Moore, no dancing allowed
"I Need a Dollar" -Aloe Black. This is how New Yorkers start their mornings.
I love days like today, when it's all work and no breaks and I don't even notice because it's so engrossing.
I got mines :-)
looking out :)
That was one delicious BBQ'd steak, brn rice n steamed veg's. perfect dinr. not 2 much food. feel great! whats on yur plate?!
hahaha yes hun yes u r trust me. Ur one of a few girls dat i know dat r pretty! :) n u to be the future Mrs.Alamia ;D
maybe you should try sleeping? Lol
Wishing good luck to our son today attending, Ky #JrBeta Convention and competing in public speaking.
No midnight worship tonight....
Hey guys(:
Sky's the limit: Analyst says Apple could be worth $1 trillion: Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Muster says Apple's total market valuation...
This time next year I will be a college graduate :) let the countdown begin..
After Hurricane Irene, we are back in full swing!
Don't know if you can find it, but "Fraternity of Man" had a boppy song called "Field Day" about riots & cops at the protests.
What The Fuck Is #ChurchClothes ? I See People Say You Can Download Music From There
Are there any gameplay programmers out there interested in working on an amazing project in San Francisco?
We MiSS U Britney !
He's hitting .467 right now. Nbd
lol! I wish!
No. I've never been. That is close to my birthday. Perhaps a birthday present to myself?
Thanks! Glad to be heading home and looking forward to some time relaxing!
I eas laughing so hard at everything
'RN - Hello Ivonne - very nice to meet you ~ DJ
They teach you there's a boundary line to music. But, man, there's no boundary line to art. Charlie Parker
Thanks so much for following the
stop tweeting.
Nice. I've driven past that place a few times. The El Rey was pretty cool - good venue for a Gambino show, definitely.
I hate you. So much.
i'd have to say that was thee most awkward dinner......pretty much ever. o_O
I am learning how to knife throw for a hobby. and having someone throw knives at me. This just got awesome
hey! Nice job on boot camp. Proud of ya sister.
In fairness, all 3 of LA's DPs recovering from injury and Beckham plays with broken back. Bravo said he was 100 percent.
See, i'd love to watch your Ads on youtube, but im afraid if i dont Skip it, you'd get the impression that i give a fuck about your product
RT : #whyobamaislate Finding a Captain America costume in Obama's size at 11pm on a Sunday night in DC isn't easy, guys.
Note to teenagers: All party animals need to get back in their cages before the zookeeper makes the night rounds
love it. I might have to join you in making some. Though, then could will still label them Zuni? :)
Where are you from?
learning to like kale.... slowly
lol ok I'll tweet to you in october when they don't make the postseason haha
It's official, Chicago's is sold out. Hopefully everyone got their tickets already.
Wikipedia is just fine for research for K-12 papers. It's much better than Encyclopedia Britannica, which is what I used in school
Thanks so much, Kate & right back atcha! We had a blast & are so happy you did too.
Listening to Bon Iver, reliving the show from last week with the rain, thunder, and lightning outside. Perfection.
He said I got Groupies, Hoes, & A Fan Club .... Damn Idek that lol lol
I won't give up so God save us
south Tampa :)
Coming to the Small Ensembles concert tomorrow night at 8pm in Paul Hall? Check in on #foursquare for discounts on Juilliard Jazz merch!
if you are in need of an accounting or tax firm for youself or for your family we are here to help out. call us at 718-378-2610
#ilookforward to making it to one day. <U+26A1>
So awesome.
Nice OOH work in Charlotte — your board sounds great!
JG aged so much in the last 2 yrs. Had just turned 47 but looked 77. Tracie Bennett's good in #EndOfTheRainbow?
I love History, but writing a rap about it is just a big no.
the new Pip Skid video for Skid Row! Amazing work by Randy Frykas and crew!
RT : I'm pretty certain Jay Z thinks that David Guetta invented dance music w/ Deadmau5 in 2008, between bouts of Cristal + crack.
Missing everyone at home more than ever. I'll be home soon, but not soon enough x
Awake at an ungodly hour, trying to work out the kinks of 'transcendent interests' in Hobbes's Leviathan. Coffee will be my reward.
19 pts in 20 min? He's ballin a little bit right now.
3 methods to learn wisdom: 1 reflection, which is noblest; 2 imitation, which is easiest; & 3 experience, which is bitterest. -Confucius
Memorial Mall with my sisters.
i'm glad that I finally got to see you too! #itsbeentoolong AND I get to red you wednesday?!
thanks boo!!! Miss you!!
HEY THERESA....r u still doing group readings at that restaurant om Long Island every month....how do we sign up?
you're welcome :-)
Will Bush get enough touches to be a low end RB2 in a PPR league?
Off running errands with the mom.
Feedback on Silatolu is similar to what he received on Michael Iupati few years ago“: We rank him even higher at PFW.
Cutter, everyone wants to pilot a hover craft :)
Aw. :( Someday, we shall meet in the meatspace.
Love that show. When does your ep air?
Louis: I dedicate 'More Than This' to Eleanor. Liam: I dedicate 'WMYB' to Danielle. Niall: I dedicate 'I Want' to Nandos.
hi!!! thank you for following us. check us out at facebook.com/mufasatheband
headed to Vegas next week for a wedding, and I know next to nothing about that city. What should I do?
aw thanks for following, I followed back :)
sit n the spa chair
Damn! R.I.P #DonnaSummer smh!!
Netflix makes yet another change. I give the CEO 90 days before he declares he's resigning to pursue election somewhere.
did he mention it alot to bug you?
inconsistent Price once again..
Just finished watching The Hunger Games :D
All That!! it's when the new little kids arrived and are being mentored by the older kids. I see Nick Cannon! Good times.
I'm not gonna lie, i find this tweet a little obtuse Sometimes I suspiciously look at acute girl and wonder, "what's her angle?"
it's FREEZING!
Carpet Connection signed on as a Local Supporting Sponsor for the 2010 Walk to Empower. Welcome!
Avengers is not flawless, but it kicks ass once it gets started. Also, stay ALL THE WAY through the credits. Don't be fooled!
Watching Tebow and Sanchez really makes me miss Peyton.
Thanks, and yes. :)
So sorry! Enjoyed reading your take on the media. A great loss to the profession.
Dammit how am I gonna join the LINsanity and follow Jeremy Lin if I can't find his twitter! Someone tweet it to me. The real one!
can you pal me in the boxes with your stuff when you move to Miami?!
I'm back and it looks like I took 20mintues...jeez.
Edge Said get it together or I am putting you over my knee Boy To Cena lol
Can't believe what's happening
I never lie... i just dont always find it necessary to tell the truth!
"You are cinema, I could watch you forever"
Shove it where the sun don't shine lmao
Guess imma try this again..
you're only half right. --> I like you already!
I never met Austin and i hope i can get an opertunety to time!(: Please Lord let my mom say Yes.(;
Married my best friend 18 yrs ago & couldn't be happier! Now we're both #vegan & couldn't be healthier! True love is friendship set on fire
Any time. Any time
The people have spoken. Chapman warming up on the mound. Beginning of 8th inning
Fuming about first amendment violations. This is AMERICA, you idiots. You can't arrest working JOURNALISTS and charge them with FELONY RIOT.
RT act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. -Aesop
it would be nice if we could change the location based on how we read: L to R or R to L
tipsy typo and shyt
Thanks for the follow! -- Jo
Just listened to song Laughter, really good tune! Y'all should check her out!
my little angel Jadely is gonna be 1 tomorrow shes grown so fast i love her XOXO
apartment hunting tomorrow .
'real life is for March...nothing on Leap Day counts.'
Not that im hatin ur profile pic but.. when r u gonna change it :/
news=depressing
"I'll have a mediumly regular." -me trying to order coffee this morning #caseofthemondays things haven't really improved..
RT Massive "sick-in" planned around US Nov 2nd in #solidarity w/ #occupyoakland &the
I'm falling asleep and this graduation hasn't even started..
Good because it's a Friday and I plan on both. RT : It is extremely acceptable to get hammered on 4/20 as well
yes ma'am. you have so many o.o
i call that "lovey eyes" :)
Thanks to Amit Garg for a really useful meeting yesterday all about e-Learning and online simulations
Raise yo hand if you gots some chocolates, but not the coconut ones they suck
your welcome
zip em up!
Old people budged in line making my carry-on the first to be checked at the gate.
At AFI waiting for my wife to finish an audition and listening to the #JohnAugustCraigMason podcast.
Ken Jennings quotes:....“It's so much fun that the money is just icing on the cake. There seems to be a lot of icing.”
Writing a new intro for TMHF2. Any suggestions on what we should do?
Last day of classes today! Good luck today and with your upcoming finals.
...and thats what ya get for calling the sex hotline
you're drunk, huh?
Another cup of tea. I'm becoming addicted.
At least Frank White was fun to listen too and knew what game he was watching and talking about! I can't stand these guys!
He's doing great! “: break a leg at ur #NABshow2012 panel!”
Thank you for following us Kathy, we look forward to working with you in the future. Have a great Weekend!
let the games begin.
Am I really feeling OG Tonight im not sure
heavens yes. I heard you guys always get it crackin!
I need to clean up my followers, my time line is never ending
Selective memory, most likely. Let's hope he never moves beyond candidate. Meanwhile, I should stick to neuroplasticity and poetry!
You already know!
but i went in on those motherfuckers tho. i cant believe these ignorant ass people
yes yes yes!
thanx 4 the vis lit shoutout. I'm a librarian & teach info lit. Data viz is an important aspect of it
what the ?! Lul using her user name as a bad word is actually pretty fun.
How the hell can one call oneself a revolutionary and a #Republicrat? like a black K member or an educated christian... wtf?!?!
lol just like ur tv ad :)
seafood shoppe - hands down best crawfish and crab in Houston. Incredible spice. Been a family favorite for years.
you are so welcome! My privilege to be there!
Terrible Writer #1 takes it upon himself to edit Terrible Writer #2. Hilarity ensues.
Aw, i miss it too! Lol fun times xD
I thought a relationship was based on compromise...i guess not.
you are a very strange person
Join us tomorrow @ King Soopers, 19711 S. Smoky Hill Rd from 10-4pm. Sample our chorizo and Italian sausage.
Just finished up reading #decisionpoints by GWBush...pretty good read I must say even if I don't agree with some of his decisions
i missed first 25 minutes of show. i wonder if news will infiorm #Vegas about similar difficulties tomorrow?
A lot of tweeps getting hacked I keep getting the nasty comment tweet
Expenses last 3 days: food $146, cabs $24, massage $25. Will sleep in tomorrow, then hit the pool, then satellites the rest of the day.
Ugh! This freakin electricity!
you're too kind. I'm just excited to have you on board
#IThankGod for blessing me with a wonderful family
The girl who had tea with the devil
Two days off of work, these past two days . . . has felt like a weeks worth of not working. #ProblemSolving gets old. Back to it tomorrow.
1,199 fans! Who wants to be #1,200? Tell you friends!
please don't lie basically to my face.....
Starting to plan trip to Brazil in December: ten days.
I love you monsters but don't hate on Justin :)
Rough night 4-5, but our dog hit with the D'Backs. Now 27-18 last 45.
Chef Chris will be making the delicious Tartine on News Channel 5's "Talk Of The Town" today at 11 a.m.! Be sure to check it out!
Excited to have & in Cleveland. Hope loves America as much as her husband.
Hurry! We will be closing early on Christmas Eve @ 5:00pm. Hurry into Buddy's to complete all your Holiday Shopping.
We need ideas for our 2012 list. Know dates for any events/festivals/food celebrations coming to the 'Burgh in 2012?
I do. I go frequently
I picked (with help) a round butterball torti to contrast with my stretch-limo buff tiger w/meercat striped tail. A hoot together!
Nice to see on tonight. I miss
I want some Jimmy Choo too! Jealous;)
Hahaha that's what I'm saying! What a guy
Change = transformation & revolution; not easy – get over it – embrace it - be the solution - not a wall.
Wow today was a popular day to be born in 1981 and 1982! #HappyBirthday friends!
Thanks for the RT the other day. Enjoy TWiWeb...might check out The Skool!
Wow boyfriend by j. Biebs is really good. Hell has frozen over.
Giving props where they are due, Devin Hays (MixHouse Intern) wrote a great musical piece to be used in a video we are producing.
"I wish I liked anything as much as my kids like bubbles. #knockedup "
Shockingly i managed to stay away from twitter for 2 months...not so shockingly i relapsed and im back.
thank-you for the retweet. much appreciated ; )
I got 8,653,960 points while escaping from demon monkeys in Temple Run. c:
RT : #letsgorangers is all there is to be said all day
RT Ima rep Oakland Ca 4ever! I love my city!!! <--you better!
RT Laughter gives us distance. It allows us to step back from an event, deal with it and then move on. ~Bob Newhart
A beautiful, seductive move by Kobe Bryant. I WISH WE HAD !!!
Cause i like it like that, YEAH!
Although my Caps lost im still riding with them.. that was a great series evn though we didn't win the series we played quality hockey
thank you. Will save this hint for future reference. Problem solved for now.
Shrimp cocktail in the cab? What?
Sorry. Talked with Mike Parker not Riley about YouTube
Hope to see you at our Christmas party tonight! You can meet all of the girls and get them excited for the fashion show!
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 75F A FEW CLOUDS
aww thanks lol! and YES HARRY!
ok.ill come get you
Having to convince university police that your bag doesnt contain an explosive.
625 today with me! ": oh i remember now...i called 4 an hour too...and yeah now imma get tight with "
Jealousy is ensuing... then Anger... then sadness.. and now crying... someone in my family threw away my music hardrive.
so just thought you should know it is one hour before you hafta wake up..and i'm just now getting in bed ;)
nope, I like it too.
No your not, you never listen!!!
must say very nice glasses ashley!
seems like the Broncs didn't give a darn about their QB Tebow....they were happy to dismiss him...your take?
Someone text me. Save me. Im at destinys and its awkward cuz her friend is here....... ~Devin.Anne<3
Sometimes you reach for the stars but only get to the moon, but you can still look back and see how enormously far you've travelled.
Just met !
First time I've actually seen someone get a ticket for jaywalking.
dude i stand by the calls take it up with the commish. Also somehow i lost to jess. I blame meg tock hahah
Taboo2 Tonight Ladies Free All Night.
Got ur mac up and running yet?
WeLoveRianDawson because he is hilarious!
My last several computers have been exclusively Toshi. I have to admit I'm biased toward them after remarkably good luck w/them.
Your enthusiasm is duly noted. Which chewed at your soul more before release? Innistrad or Mirrodin?
realizing i am so bad at photoshop makes me wish i paid closer attention in class four years ago. whoops...
Philly made by default tho..cmon now.
this is the new guy
"Networking is not about going to an event; it's about an attitude of engagement." -
definitely! But for the avg person, even kids, if you stop people from looking at your data, photos, messages, it's good.
Douglas, are you following today's cloak-and-dagger in the House?
Thanks for the RT!
Sadly, I gave my typewriters away. But the clicking of a computer keyboard will never compete.
The countdown to graduation in #faegans is seriously depressing.
Free show tonight! 9 pm. 3 sets of HOT music! Get down to Arnolds and get yo drink on!
If Im Gonna Get Yo Pussy You better Give Me A STICKY FACE ! wet my face up
Many should be credited when you succeed, but only you should accept blame when you fail.
People be tripping
Gr8! Look fwd 2 having u! Thx 4 spreading the word! RT : Just signed up this morning, and am spamming my social netw
#WhenIWasLilttle I was little, duh.
Fill the jails!
he says he "plays" basketball in school but I gotta see it to believe it lol
Hell, I never know if anyone is seeing these tweets but hey!
Is the Wi-Fi in park working? I'd like to get some work done outside. Got a bunch of emails to send regarding
RT : RT : Khabibulin uses a torspo stick.u don't C many of those arnd anymore.that's even be4 's time!
#ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously when you're not black and tweet on this subject.
#NF MA' U R BEAUTIFUL
awesome - thanks for sharing :)
u know what sit on this -->> Middle Finger<---
It's the end of our second week in the new building...it's starting to look like home!
It's really great to hear the MBA teams talk about how much they've fallen in love with New Orleans.
He blesses continuously *smiles* People better start being grateful for even the smallest things!
I love you!!<3
bottom right corner, I don't know
Oh the irony.
sadly no :( i can't even go to the concert when they'll be in my city July 28th 2013 :(
Last night was.... (unspeakable)
Im bummed out. really.
This Cialis commercial's symbolism for helping erectile dysfunction is the couple making out in a rising hot air balloon.
You know if it weren't for divine intervention you would curse that fool out... "I swear." NspiredBy Proverbs 16: 1
I'm beginning to think of Michigan as a baseball school
I can't believe that headline was real?!?
We look to you for social media direction (and in awe) in higher ed! #TwSIG Thanks for letting us know.
I wonder what it's like to be an #NFL wife...
go play in traffic? Would Justin like you saying that?
Talking today w. 2 great #writers about their separate year-long journeys: why shunned cash & why had 52 girl-dates.
go get 'em at the Philly marathon! enjoy that post-run cheese steak.
I hope enjoys every second of her birthday!
Sending the Holly Media Group a link to the press release about Yes! To Cookies for story consideration in their Hill Country publications.
my birthday is sunday follow me to king of diamonds vip all the way tweet follow me to kod @ miamiblackkod
Yay! And I'm glad you liked it. SHATTER ME just blew me away.
thnx, love that placebo article - let me know if you have any time free early evening, before the tweet up
Richmond Public Library book sale today. Need to stock up on old copies of Future Shock for the paperback fort I'm building.
just made our day :D
I was lookin at the Chicago code 3 track list dat junt finna be hard
aw thanks rebecca!
al harrington with a huge 3
now I do lol
. The #CBO says cuts to #CHIP could kick 300,000 kids off health coverage.
for real? Fuck off dude..
Grace transforms fate into a meaningful vocation
#Avengers this weekend
A real "Bad Bitch" never looks to her past , Because regret isn't Felt ; <3
Smoothie king always brightens up a day
kevin costner is heart felt!
Where will you be?
ass like Nicki but she yellow like Madonna
Thank you everyone for such a successful review feud!
Is Mel Gibson causing trouble again?
coroner and police on the west side of Lake Merritt ???
I WISH. Or a vending machine. Food tastes better after it falls.
Applying for jobs...
can't slow down too much evil in ma rear view!
Bulls aside, playoffs better not suck as much as they have so far, save from OKC/Mavs game 1
Thank you Zues! I get to go to bed at a decent hour tonight!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen a white Escape honks at me and I think it's but really it's jus some girl honking at her friends.
Think of it as a chance to practice your atrophying transcription skills.
Hey guys. We're still in the process of editing our tour video. Stay tuned! Enjoy your Christmas break! -Jake
what an awesome Thursday from these two great places .... Now z
The Cantina Song should be the soundtrack for everything.
Thank you for the SO
": Next week is going to be awful" what's wrong stinker tinker?
Michael Vick has taken some big hits in the last 2 weeks
I'll be in the RF bleachers on Saturday.
#NamesnMyphone Y DID I?
Any suggestions? RT : Question for MRI folks - what public repositories for imaging data do you use/recommend?
Just watched Rich Rod's press conference... Guy is classic. Glad to have him as the AZ football coach. Funny dude.
Just got done tallking to my mama .. she put some deep stuff in my ear.
MIA Will I Am
CHI-Town! I'm on the decks tonight inside from 9pm-12am! Come out for some crazy cocktails and cool tunes!
alright I will
If you love someone you don't hide things from them..
I'm open to any location at any time however, Apryl works so still waiting on her to chime in..
Interview: Make the body-mouth connection for optimal health
That we were, it's solved now. Thanks for the heads up!
Stale Cheerios: Commentary on "O's" stale job stimulus?~Don
a little
Only consolation is the Yankees losing too tonight.
I like Bearded Lady and Sanctuary. Both top-notch shops. Under Pressure is also good (esp. for short-run stuff).
We are in the process of finalizing new show dates and will post ASAP so keep watching our tour page on the website. Thanks!
I thought you might have had something to do with #flashgordon ?
Today was great! :D
Spending time on Google+ Noisy but I like it. Setting up differently fr here, niches for conversation. For random learning twitter rules
Thanks. Yes it's far, but not for love.
geez lol. That's a little too hardcore for me. I like to take my time with my games.
at the midnight showing in Alaska now. Sun just went down a LOL while back and its packed in here.
marketing promotion etc you
office is good, very quiet. Yes, we must discuss the meeting place for the color run!! :-)
Un un un girl xD
Will, Y U NO shove a bee hive up your ass?
I got you =) RT : Waiting on to hit me back.
Nashville has a pulse. Not dead yet
WIN that's what they're gonna do :)
Eating our normal Thursday night Subway dinner. Never gets old. :)
only at #uchicago will you get mardi gras celebrated on a Friday. during lent I might add which sucks. BE THERE anyways. FREE FOOD. 9pm Ida
Life is complete?? I feel so significant that i can complete a life :) haha
Thank you, Blanca! ": Good minds work well together:)"
i hate people who blackmail so unattrative
Somebody looks to be coming in #sportingkc hope vermes gets this right.
We have 5 large and 2 medium t-shirts left. DM if you want one. $15/ea CD's are $5 but we only have 5 left.
The day will happen whether or not you get up...
love Torres too. Thanks for the answer. Hopeful of seeing the big team make progress!
Editing a video with and Coming soon to a YouTube channel near you.
Who is ready to ClimaX tonight?
I don't feel good /:
because the spirit lifts you up
Off to AZ for some fun!
Ima listen to music until I fall asleep.
3 DAYS until the #NHSA2012 Spring Conference begins! We're getting excited! How about you?
To jort, or not to jort?
I highly dislike that film. Seeing Eli Roth get killed on the shitter was cool.
Hey #pigtails !!
aw that's so sad...
"When does optimism turn into actual dollars spent? "
are you returning yours?
oh yeah i forgot srry kara.
<U+0001F601> what day EXACTLY will you be in MIA?
...accidentally drop it and now there's these weird-moving-lines showing inside the screen :/
I know that political differences in Goshen have been spicy in the past, but this level of dirt throwing seems different.
shhh don't be a grumpy bear, they're funny!
Looking for a Web Marketing guru with in depth knowledge of SEO, SEM, and email marketing. Contact me asap to learn more!
when you play after the best band in Milwaukee, you get shit on
Just found out our client did his first presention and closed 43percent
almost got smacked by a car....guess I better go write another HIT! Haha
Damn guys.
what do you want for your birthday?
Watching diners drive ins and dives!!
Wtf my dad went somewhere. Like bitch where's my breakfast?
You need to lose some people's phone number on purpose.
Good for you, Happy new year, looking forward see you in actions
i just hate everything right now.
Cigarettes do not make u go to hell. It just makes you smell like you've been there!
I will never date Matt Carol
step into the world of success is where im going from this day forth,, all thats supposed to be will start being from this day ..
Massive congrats on the funding! All the best with the film! Fantastic project.
Had a wonderful time at the Pirates game last night! Was anyone else there? I know was!
follow mee girl :D
I multitask well.
oh okay !
History's Heroes - 1/25/61: President John F. Kennedy is the first president in US history to hold a live television news conference.
Watching handfuls of fans leaving PETCO Park after a Padres win. Handfuls.
respect for the follow. Dig the shit outta what you do. I'd love to work sometime.
Each man, woman and child in America eats an average of 46 slices (23 pounds) of pizza a year.
Wow I just checked out your Wealthy Minds Vid. Im luvin that. #Inspirational Ya music is bangin too. 100
not till next year hoe :)
I'm GOOD. YOU
so your using my ring to cover up my name with a new nigga name lol he seems a great guy lol really grow up
Joey is sweating playing baseball
Imagine that! Jason talking smack about me???!!!!!!!! Gotta laugh :) Matlock is the bomb! lol
& if i lose you , im afraid i would lose who , who i gave my love too , thas the reason i stay around
Obama does this. RT : #worstfasiontrends suits cut so fitted, they look like youre borrowing your little brothers
i wouldn't trust myself driving down any road at age 85.
Hot May for Intelen...open your social and media channels :-)
haha, I did not take my calcium, but I get some sun later when I do my swim work out =)
Headin' to the gym with my friend Sarah in a few. yeah buddy!
definitely! Dont know how some people do it! Btw, just RT you again by accident! Sorry :)
Memphis is like Lebron. They only play three quarters.
oh. so sorry
Global Practice Support Analyst:
Have search engines killed the squeeze page?
the power of 40404 ~ awesome for small businesses
Friday: Avengers matinee at Cinnebare in 3D, followed by , finished w/ Mariners game.
FAIL! Handing out red ribbons for World AIDS Day in #CLE, I was ignored by many on E. 4th. Save the tatas= cheers! Save lives= ohmygod, No!
came to me in a weird lucid moment in the middle of the night. True, no? :)
we gon bend so cum bust it open <U+0001F61C>lol
Is it your birthday?
Obsessed with the work!! Even bought notecards by ya guys before I knew who ya were! Need to be more like you. Hire/teach me!?
Matt Morgan has used up all his TNA dates. After being beaten down by Bully Ray last week, I wouldn't be surprised to see him back in WWE.
OKC's offense is no offense at all. They have championship talent, but do they have the scheme or ability to adjust in a 7 game series???
TY! RT : Making a coffee before a fun hour at #DesignBizChat COME JOIN :)
Thnk you RT : lol been there! It's so annoying.. Yes you can be black and have long healthy hair that's real..
this looks great! thanks!!
I understand you have a headache, but who said anything about messing with your head?
SO still hasn't followed us D:
The dog's life a la Nietzsche: wherever I go, I am inevitably followed by a dog named "Ego".
Is everyone having trouble with the discussion posts this week?!?
I can't help you with the test...but I can help light candles afterward? Just let me know!
Just a quick thought...I want 2 say THANK YOU 2 all my followers/supports/likes...whatever you want 2 call it! I call it friends and family!
<U+2665> how ex bfs swear ur world revolves around them. Used to love A. Keys's "No One." Ex bf: It reminds u of us? Umm, no. I just like the song.
Pet peeve...don't sing or rap with a mic in your hand, and all I hear is a TRACK!
i plus, i then sat through the most pathetic attempt I have seen in ages of a vendor trying to make money.
You are a gentlewoman of tweeting :)
Writing this book has made me wish I could live in Berlin in 1932. I would be too drunk to kill Hitler.
#first40songsonshuffle 2. Don't Stop Til You Get Enough - Michael Jackson
That's AMAZING! :)
Watch out honey. Because today youre gonna know what youre missing. </3
very cold ah
September classes begin this weekend! Email 10% discount for those of you who sign up for September.
- it was insightful, I took notes and will keep them in mind when I establish the business. All the best with Colonial.
Someday we hope you'll do an article on the amazing #birding in McDowell Co. #WV. #Birds R Us!
Call me 216 240 3739 about the show this weekend Thanks Dan
#littlemonsters Let's help get the 200th follower. Paws up! ("") ("")
This #redwings game sure turned sour quickly. Unbelievable.
Ah, so the city isn't under attack! RT : Fighter jets are buzzing past the office windows. Gotta love Thunder Over Louisville!
Bill Maher just called out $1 trillion student debt in his monologue
We deliver! Area of delivery NW Expressway & Reno to north & south, Santa Fe to Villa east to west. Call 521-9800!
that is true #friendship I love he has to be one of my favorite and intriguing ppl!
Could You Please Tweet: JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE, To Get It Trending For Austin?! Please & Thank You! :)
why no wine fest???
Little House on the Prarie
I hate seeing lazy ass pple leave they carts in parking spaces
Accept the Challenge.\,So that you may feel the EXHILARATION of VICTORY!!
Feeling sweats, fuzzy ass boots, and a tee today. Waah
Ask yourself, do you really know what beef is?? And then ask yourself, do you really want beef?? lmao
Zone defenses are useful if you are trying to slow the game down, protect vital players from fouls, or other team has bad zone o
WOOOOOOHOOOOO. My mom said i could go to the One Direction concert !!!!!!
O. Im flying delta in like, 5 minutes!! E! RT : so I guess maybe Delta isn't so bad after all.
Indigo has 5 loan divisions to serve you. Commercial, Residential, VA, Reverse Mortgage and Construction Loans.
I always have to start my day with music. :]
me too can we hangout this weekend please . i miss you both !
I think if everybody adopted the Gaia Theory, we'd be in better shape.
I look forward to it!
It is -2 degrees right now in Boston, looking forward to some nicer weather in this weekend!
Hope everyone had fun chatting with tonight on ! He's definitely a good dude and was great with the fans too!
I liked what I heard, but I'm probably the only faculty member at #GWU who loves the idea of an all-University APT committee...
Hi Folks ! Brand new Craft Fair is Coming to Wash Park !
Thank you for your work in the world Danny!
Tonight It's Live writing staff currently in peace talks with booze.
I miss you, baby close your eyes let's meet in our dreams tonight. <3
RT If you see nerds w/ badges in SF this week, approach slowly & remember: they're more afraid of u than you are of them.
I don't agree w/ #homosexuality. Many feel otherwise. That's fine. Everyone's entitled to their beliefs. Please just go about it quietly.
its still #musicmonday so check out our dudes in and our main man
2 HOLISTIC HEALING ALTERNATIVE'S (H.H.A). I make numerous trips a day!
I just spent time wandering around my twitter feed in 3D. That was pretty cool, needs more work... but it is promising.
haha I mean I'm down if you're down. Although I don't know that many drinking songs on the horn....
Thank you Mr. Prater!
with austin smith
Preach it!
Mens fitness shoot today!!!
Did you two have a good relationship?
How do you make cleaning the house more fun? By practicing pole dancing with the broom handle of course...
yuck I'm watching up haha have you seen Nathan's new video?!?! Omg so cute
Club Curve downtown Houston every FRIDAY night 21 and up . Sexy ladies & great drinks! 410 Main!! Check it out on
I don't find that awkward
Just 2 show u how fuked up the legal system is, they got my cuzzo on sum petty charges yet they wnt arrest zimmerman on murder, #BULLSHIT!!
*falls out of chair* We can't retweet that, but we so agree!!! :) #getyerHOGon :) :) muwaaaahahahaaaa!!!!
Great! Looking forward to it, I've heard good things about this season... It's taking up a lot of space on my dvr.
Almost done with this paper. Sweet.
Eric - How was the rest of the trip to Miami? When are you coming down to Tampa to check out the Bucs?
I'm being reinstated as the official kids class instructor at work today, which means... a double shift! Gotta love weekends in retail.
I finally found the one thing that inspires me to stay healthy: a bike. I can work out and be intrigued by my surroundings.
It was crazy packed!
Kefir's going well
TEA & HONEY & CHEERINESS :) ... and sleep
About to clean up ,,
smfh go to sleep jazz
Good Morning. Thank you. Hope your day goes well.
3 days to summer, and there are no clouds coming. not literally, of course.
I've said too much already. My knee and thumb hurt.
But watch them jump on the bandwagon when his songs start playing on the radio. I'm gonna need to get these tickets soon
“: I've dance with the most ugliest girls tonght, too trippy”damn so y u gotta go there
“You have to ask for what you deserve, and not feel guilty about it. Do not put yourself on sale.” —Suze Orman, financial planner
Typing this essay <<<<<<<
Better to be lucky than good
the pleasure is all mine. ^-^ RT its a pleasure c:
what game u watchin? they all over the boards
Soon as I said it lol she's right on time!
is hollywood as hell. You missed 30 free throws, tried to be a hero an smoked dame smh
i can't wait until school is over with....
Who needs time zones when you are on #laketime Great evening riding!
Tanning for 5 hours :]. Im super dark .
that's what I like to hear.
Order TonyTat Art, prints, posters, customized Art? Check out samples on TonyTAT Custom Art design page on FB. tonytat8789 for orders.
Even Stevie knows a bunch of drunk rich white people can't keep a beat by clapping.
Lastly (for here) avg time on site for G+ is 3 min/month! Google will likely b more successful w their driverless car than a SNS.
A whole week? It's gotta be better than that...! :)
Today is one of those days where I feel like my heart has been steamrollered but life goes on doesn't? Here's hoping tom is better...
guess who I went out with
I need help with my chemistry homework!! It will be the death of me! Anyone want to help... :c
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ALEX!!!!!<U+0001F61A>
what's a special dance lol
LET'S GO. 2:17 left
Actor Edward Norton's career could have used the boost that playing The Hulk in "The Avengers" would have given him.
#vancouver - We're giving away $200 worth of Gift Cards today! RT & Follow to Enter!
I feel you fam! Do you have a myspace page?
I'd drag his bald headed as around town, not giving a single fuck.
What Version of Windows will run on the toilet and is it upgradeable?
I'm on a boat.
for hym to ever
Hi hater u hating I fly by u um waving.but n both um half man n amazin I spit da truth get da luit set back n smoke on dis fruit CHUBSTACKS
I will be on the office all day today & tomorrow. Stop in for a one on one 2820 Jones
i wont answer that. LMAO!
i really wished it was! It had to be one of the best nights ive had in a while! And u want some followers?
Gearing up to write new screenplay and getting ready for my next role... Getting ready to set up with an acting coach. Missing my kids...
The dream begins again
The outcome of any serious research can only be to make two questions grow where only one grew before.—Thorstein Veblen
": Anyone who wears false eyelashes between 9am & 5pm is my mother%king hero"
feeling better! LOL “: Word heard my trainer got allergies &not feeling well today yay party when I get off <U+0001F378><U+0001F37B><U+0001F44F>”
Look out for some new products throughout December as well: Moses Baskets, Clothing and much more!!!! <3
Once A Belieber Always A Belieber you cant just stop being a Belieber bc he is happy w/Selena. U wouldnt be a true Belieber if thts the case
What's happening in Paso this holiday weekend?
ya LOL i'm sure this convo is uninteresting to everyone else on here haha
but so worth it!
love me Bo Jackson. Hated the Bolts tonight though. They looked horrible.
slow down on the vandy tweets. Syracuse isnt going to get that top spot this week.
1999 seems like forever ago
Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other
New phone number
wuz that?. o.o
seriously? Hadnt heard of it, is it on the beta site?
SD friends - come to this week and help support Great burgers, good cause. How could you go wrong?
Word. ": not in school anymore, but it just so happens i will be in Boston on saturday for earthfest! I may stop by!"
ok well i dont live in the city proper. how about I just mail it to you. DM me yr address. Not a problem.
this 45 min drive watchin the sun come up wuld b a lot better if their were some real radio stations to listen to
chase down the original British version - far superior
Dean Martin and Tempurpedic mattresses are scientifically proven to cure a hangover when used in the correct combination.
Now that was a hockey game.
He prolly faked the knee cuz he swallowed some of his chaw
I dying to talk to you...but I refuses to text you first.
Highly danceparty friendly. Even if it is a dance party for one.
Haha #whenthis chick doesnt wear a bra and you can see her nipples !
Electrifying tidbit in legacy fa: Many poor women do not want their children but luckily they were able to purchase one of the babies for $2
Sure wht we gone do ?
Burque! Duke city's coming up! Peep this, Going to Santa today for promo to see about a possible show if u are a local artist pls FB me
#NetworkedNY . . . people frm Midwest love Housing Works bookstore "a place you've never been can mean so much to you"
i remebr these they dnt have dem nomore :D
Hello my people, the party is about to start. Dj let's go. Shawty whare's no makeup.....
“: Just to be clear, I am INCREDIBLE at life. #raw #wwe” No ur not. You Suck at life Johnny.
LOLOL hatred of their fellow man. Hilarious Megan. have NEVER heard a positive thing about anyone from any of WBC. Hello POT???
Soul Train is important as a cultural time stamp for music,fashion, politics, sports and all things soulful and popular.
There was nothing that even came close to seeing him kick that dirt on the umps.....oh the memories!
don't stress about it to much! :)
COMPLETELY RELEVANT
I wish I could tell who's fake & who's real.
You never know what you have till its gone....
which slot is it in?
can u tell me who ? I ain't even going to the homecoming anyways! Lol :p
It doesnt even lock!
that's right girl!
I'm gonna give our 800th, 900th & 1,000th follower a #Free CD! Good luck tweeters! And As always Thank you for the
From gloves over the head to OCD to Mysophobia you and my son have so much in common. He graduated class clown. Luv you both.
unfortunately Im no longer doing apartment locating can send referrals know some great agents! :)
aww i bet his smile is amazing
#JohnnyDepp stars in #TimBurton's #DarkShadows – in theaters this wknd! Text DARK & your ZIP CODE to at 43549 for local showtimes.
shanaban created all these hits
chinese for dinner ^_^
I visited the music goods store here in mami's airport and was shocked not to find a Sound Machine anywhere.
"you only want me when i’m (taken with Instagram)"
Told Eli what exactly?
great workshop at mid TN ASTD today! Biggest takeaway pull info from learner! Don't push!
Why You Gotta Be Such A Dick ?
I apologize for answering the question you asked
Thanks for the #FF, Ryan. Hope you had a great week, and here's to having an even better weekend!
This is a played out prob but it's real for me right now: I own print bks. I need to get digital copies. Not buying twice. What 2 do?
Its how hard I'm trying to find this episode of Dr Phil when TO coon ass was on there
Feeling good about my bet with from a few yrs ago: "UK will win a Championship before IU goes to a Final4"
And we're off! is now getting started talking about Ruby on Rails.
How are you making THIS Monday better than last Monday? 2012: New Year, New YOU!
ill bring the chicken
Looks so good!!! I'll be right there!
Headed to the downs with and #twitterlessmatthew who will miss lots on twitter today.
somebody's about to get unfollowed, i just went over 420 follows...
Nate, I miss you! How are you doing?
Maybe the last book could be Julio Cortazar's Hopscotch because it has no beginning and no end.
Favor please! Help us out by getting and to follow us. :]]
Ready fir wrestling
Do u do hay nets
Goodbye new baseball on weeks homer and goodbye dj carrasco on Braun bean!!!!
Thank you for the awesome post. Dead on.
Any #spacetweeps have a good video feed for #OV101 flyover?
waiting for you to take the stage! Will Castro make an appearance?
First rehearsal last night for THE ONLY GAME IN TOWN. It was obvious that the only answer is not to sleep for the next four weeks.
had a musical epiphany about the winter album...in the process of re-writing 2 of the songs...16 days till recording!
So the Saints have named an interim for their interim coach while he serves a 6-game suspension of his own
nb. so many great things about California, wonderful people & beautiful place, but I hope it's not becoming the Golden Cage State.
Aroma nights | Don't miss DJ Oso Fresh spinning old school & 90's hip hop tracks | 9PM I
Time for a long day of work
my mom told me to follow my dreams thats y i follow & <U+2665>
Van still broken down in jersey. Now walking about 4 miles back to the service station. Fun.
really getting into The Used's new album
Now that the NBA is Back they need a black friday on tickets!! On my Momma!!!..
#Tebow to the Jets! Look out #Sanchez it's
Hey gays. <3333
gag me with a spoon tbh.
well thats cool! hope u have a great day! would love if u would follow me , but if u dont i understand! :)
lol I kno her song was titled that, but I said expectation is planned resentment. Did she say that too?
Yes. It's so frustrating when I talk to people about CustExp and they assume CustServ
#LUC vote in elections; vote to END the sale of #plasticwaterbottle on campus
WE ARE NOT PLAYING A SPORT!!!!!!!!!
wht ppl think of her. Yall girls need to go over yourselves and leave keyra the hell alone! Stop being so damn jealous!
Martz needs to tell Haine that he needs to hike the ball before the click hits :00
Also focus on controlling the chance of direction, plus work on GHD machine you will have that weight up real soon.
we gotta link up bro I need a few exclusives.
why a ravens jersey
I am now a bigger fan of for being my first follower.
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit. Napoleon Hill
Kinda depends on how tomorrow goes down... have about a million balls in the air right now... :)
let it rain over me
it feels so weird/ guilty when i'm not sitting at a public services desk...
Things I like to hear.
thanks so much. We look forward to meeting you and joining us when we open.
Can't wait for this amazing weekend.The San Diego sunshine mixed with the friends, family, and festivities have this weekend looking amazing
I'm only going to say this once. Every 5 goddamned minutes.
that's that good shit
Lol word I gotta go visit her and shit
Twitter can be so depressing at times !!!.
Just bought a pair of slacks from the Elvis Presley "Love Me Tender" collection. My hips feel strange.
is this cast in Seaside Heights right now ?
Right?!? Hahaha (: i understand
Thanks for following :D
My fav thing about Phoenix are the cacti and joshua trees!
where at?
Dan any word on your next fight???
Check out Passport to the Arts
: thinking of all the good old times. Can I get a RT? LOL.
watching here in Los Angeles!!
handling some busy today with Asylum,Def Jam and Koch Records
Half day today!! Thank you A/C for breaking x)
Hon trademark. My take. Yous ain't got no sense at all.
"I'm a G, your my swagga, if I were shetto, I'd be 5 times Betta."
Follow please :D
Great one - I had "Still" on the iTunes shuffle earlier today. My beagle was howling along
Ur video was awsome I loved it!
that's sort of spectacularly off. But now I know the word for keychain, at least.
There's only one more day until the weekend! What are you going to do this weekend?
Lets Go Montero!
Roosevelt Dinner is coming up in just 2 wks! Earlybird ticket deadline is 4/6, so get them asap! www.sddemocrats.org/dinner
Awesome. Awesome! Funny thing, I was just thinking about the need to start tackling this stuff again. Perfect timing!
PAY ATTENTION !!!!!
This is message from friendstream.
I'm starting #Sherzer myself. He wasn't listed because Vegas has him and Colon pretty close and my streamers are always odds-favs
its a called Facebook use it.
crazy mary. Always gives me memories of Jeff, greased hair and dirty jeans
Watch your thoughts, words and actions...They become your destiny. - Lao Tzu
aww! it sucks! one of my friends is moving also!
A3: i use powerpoint because that's the program i know the best.
I'm hitting the links, so you'll have to update me
just walked by the uw primate center....4 blocks cordoned off...looks like a bomb threat maybe?
hey can you give a shout out to please and thank you,!(:
I love but the fact that someone started makes me laugh outloud...
Females Are Strangers You Meet “Inside” The Club. Police Officers Are Strangers You Meet “Outside” The Club.
All the statistics in the world can't measure the warmth of a smile. ~Chris Hart
Need interior architecture or design? is your team. Designing Denver's Business for 36 yrs (psst..they did our space)
I love Emma Stone.
Are you looking for concert tickets of your favorite artist? We have tickets for all the nationwide events - Call us now: 888-493-0004
yo, give me a call, i straightened everythin out wit the apartment
my bad gotcha lol
Thanks for the mention on your article. Please add Frank Cammarata, who was my scene partner (North End, Boston)
S/o to myboyy i support him
In Louisville, waiting on my beautiful counterpart from , here we come!
I'm the king of boggle, there is none higher, I gets 11 points off of the word quagmire
Congrats lady warriors! State champs!
me too!!
Happy Monday!!!! May you all have an awesome Day!!!!
I buy everything from u guys. Want to give some of ur stuff away for free?
thanks love! my creativity depends on staying busy.
RT : Want to hang out? I'm doing a Google+ Hangout on the +Fallen Books page. Friday, May 18 @ 4pm (Aus. EST).
And waiting
i've been CRAVING a ginger mint slush since i tried one at Smorgasburg earlier this summer! return to 15th/Irving please? :(
#ThingsIAlwaysSeeOnMyTL how different the world is
how annoying!! I'm sorry!!! :(
mari left w his papa
Pittsburgh, PA! We're playing the Diesel Club tonight. Doors are open, come hang out!
“Do you know the difference between your smile and my smile? You smile when you are happy, and I smile, when I see you happy” #lovethis <U+0001F604>
HOLY CRAP THAT'S 20 MINUTES FROM MY HOUSE AND 4 DAYS BEFORE MY BIRTHDAY!!! WE WE WE SO EXCITED!!! :D
I need a fuckn history book D;!!!!!!!!
We specialize in cosmetic dentistry at affordable prices! www.kravitzdental.com
Now entering the great state of
Who else is going too be at Siclovia?
Took a step in the direction of choosing happier today, & whether the step leads to anything isn't important. Taking the step is the key.
Do you know the extent to which your workforce aligns with your company objectives?
i wuzn't trying 2 be funny u know??:|
Elie Wiesel Quote of the Day: "Our obligation is to give meaning to life and in doing so to overcome the passive, indifferent life."
media and good fundamentals driving markets higher. this isn't the first go'round of this type. trimmed & fine tuned holdings. $STUDY
Dude, you don't even text me anymore. <U+0001F494>
I am excited to read it and hope it is a good read.
Yo the fans who are in the American Airline Arena suck get the fuck up and make some noise your rich people
I am very disappointed in that comment Mr. Walton! What would coach Wooden think about what you just scribed in permanent ink
just an update that we have a new main number. 949.385.0605 give us a ring if you need anything. R5
Every company coming out of the 2nd class of is killing it. Get out your checkbooks :)
Crazy snow in Chicago!! Wish I was there experiencing it!
yea yea borin day
Got to just in time for lunch from and cake from I have PERFECT timing
That awkward moment when your trapped in the corner of your shower because the cold water came out
Well I am co-hosting since I reside in RR1. Just setting things up for our fab visitors. Sounds like your chat went well!
Yay "good discipline they do a lot of things well got a good team concept going up to the plate" give the #Indians some love
i just followed everyone on here on instagram
Speedy is finding big holes...Flowers gets him but he was gone
Cat urine is quite possibly one of the foulest substances on the planet.
Just ate 1/2 tsp or so of ricotta forte and, whew, that is some powerful cheese. Now I'm wondering how we'll ever get through a whole jar.
Luxembourg was on House Hunters International! Must.Go.Back.
It was obvious Kentucky was guna win
the power of music to stimulate memory, create ease even summon joy is a holiday gift. Power to the Christmas Carol for Alzheimers & all
...do you want to help out at the kiosk on friday 6-9pm special event
#StevenTyler looked like teenage girl thats strung out on crack & heroin...
lmao I got you! Is that a single, or is it goin on your tape?
- thanks for the good wishes. It was a soggy, thundery day, but a good one all the same!
Minecraft is amazing! I love playing on servers :D
I wanna see as many familiar faces as possible out at The Rock tonight. If you aren't doing anything, be there! -JChuck
#Brewers game tonight with the RD crew!
I got you Under My Trance
There might not be anything better than listening to John Williams at work.
Interesting day.
I'm guessing he doesnt kno what a hand mirror is
"A free service must [$-ly] benefit those that run it, or that service will die." What if the developer gets paid elsewhere?
": Is ND men's Lax winnin or losing??"big win mr floyd next saturday they play va at noon in phill
Going to slepp. Goodnight Hope you have a good sleep <3
Although I don't personally know her, I'm so glad that Kotie is home.
whoa there Schwarzenxgga
I'll bring the sweet treats if someone else brings the rest! ;)
teams with the same record rotate each round. Colts get 1st pick in 3rd round and rams in 4th
Candidates cash in in Stamford
Fuck typing on trains.
Bite the Ball, Head Across and Wrap Em Up expose the top of the helmet and leads to CROWN first impact while in the act of making a tackle
I am in your capable hands...
22 yr old Nathan Rogers charged in stabbing murder of pregnant girlfriend 23 yr old Jasmine Moss of Oxon Hill. on News4
I haven't been to either- w/ my boys FAs, I know Disney- [both] do amazing catering to FA needs!~
100+ unread emails made me feel important until I deleted 90+ of them that were newsletters, automated alerts, SPAM and the like
he is the vaginal masta!
I'm jealous! One of these days I'll get to the opening night for HHN. This year looks better than last year.
TICKET ALERT! CALL 202-560-6264 FOR TIX+TABLE INFO TO--->THE PRESIDENTIAL BOWTIES & DRESSES AFFAIR THIS SUNDAY!
Makes me so mad! Hulu has so much stuff but they can't have dinosaurs??
Chap's name is Matt. He's the one who handed me WSUM's new promo CD "Ladytickler." Just brilliant, I say. And he knows his cattle.
Don't dream of great games, play 'em ! Come on down !
INE. I'll cut you. YES im A Bitch But Thats MY <-- Mother Fuckin Baby <U+2665>
#IWishYouKnew that I can't go a day without thinking of you...
#Announcement on the 2 newest additions to Starr Scream Ent. coming today at 5pm est
We need to talk.
I'm on a search committee for my school looking for new teachers, I always ask about how they use SM to enhance their practice
All I want is a President who talks tough and starts unnecessary wars because of his unresolved father issues. Is that too much to ask!?!
No, I saw your posts prior. I know his lefty splits are bad, but we needed that ground ball.
dam rippin buddy.. Leave him a Lil dignity
Ensure your business and personal sites are compatible with search engines and mobile devices! Save time and money. Mention Code FB2011!
Morning twitter world:))
I should do typing exercises to prepare for tomorrow. omg. Someone get me Mavis Beacon.
Everytime you interrupt someone your penis gets smaller.
we are heading that way sooner than you think ;)
Rams give 2nd round pick to the redskins. Now shanahan can ride RG3s success into another head coaching job he doesn't deserve (like elway)
how do u know if ur meeting him???
Season finale of #ParamormalWitness next week? :-( I hope they come back. I love their ghost stories.
Filled with the Holy Ghost thank you Jesus. :D
#10ThingsIFindAttractive When girls don't care about looks.
I'm still confused as to why so many girls think its "cool" to have the Skrillex haircut and shave half of their hard. Maybe its just me.
My husband gave me a V-card that says: "When I see you tiny cartoon hearts float above my head..." now I remember why I married him. Sweet!
I'm sorry but if you wear sparkly toms I lose respect.
I want a job where I can travel so bad. I'll move anywhere. Any ideas?!
lmao I want to see them!!
As Clint says "deserves got nothing to do with it." It just sort of happened. Not really a big deal, IMO.
Lucic is my bash brother
You are definitely one busy man!
Anyone know about using Blackboard to conduct group-based peer-evals? I need quant+qual. Peer eval tool seems 2b just for random qual evals.
Shes part of a group who kidnaps kids like jake&emily to study them & try to profit from them.
It takes two things for a person to accomplish their goals, the first is to say it, the second is to do it.
well alright!!!
Democrats rally, change jacksonville, Don't be fooled by lies.
OMG, Counting Crows is playing at The Roseland tonight and we're not going?! UGH.
So glad it's Small Business Saturday! Wanna jump start the economy? Shop small businesses today and everyday.
well apparently your phone isnt smart enough to do that...
Who's going to the showcase tonight?!
"Social" is the key for informal learning
Everyone give a huge shout out to my fav. young BIZNESS woman! >>>
Pazzo will be on vacation until the 4th - Happy New Year!
mayneeee good to hear new shit bro! you coming down next week for the slim show?
Fasten your seatbelts boys and girls.
Sorry that I will not be at #NYLA11 but happy that is able to attend. Have a great conference & enjoy beautiful Saratoga!
hm thank goodness I don't date any girls here lol.
Oops, should have been: Grant, you are classy and cool!!
He's usually in our parking lot about this time of night!
Had a productive day of #writing and submitting work today.
YAAAAY! I finished up on Monday. Holy sleep batman.
This RT : Riight? RT : #GOP says recall rules too easy. Then fail to recall 9 Dems in 12 months. Easy, huh?
Study Dynamic Web Content with SMI #eyetracking software - learn more at the SMI booth at
Had a great day rehearsing. The theatre is beautiful! I'm open tomorrow.
How does 43% among men, 42% among women add up to 48% overall?
I would go into withdrawals if I could only go once a monthLOL. I go like twice a week >.<
Thank you to everybody who came out today to support BASIC NWFL, Inc.!!
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 10
HEY! Our show with Arsonists Get All The Girls is coming up this Friday at Studio 21! We have tickets. GET SUM SUN.
Your beauty cannot be spanned by a finite basis of vectors.
and frankly, it shouldn't be black women's responsibility to "explain"
I know you happy but yah my prom June 1 && ma graduation June 12
I fell asleep with a bag of ice on my bed, now its all over my bed but in water form.
450 Pinnacle Pilots Could Be Furloughed
Fried with
Hey thanks! Did not meet, but good job with okc, site looks great! I'll be back in NYC this fall, maybe hang out some time
Will do :)
One of the worst things ever is sharing your testimony and then being misunderstood long after it was shared.
I called the #Bruins with the Game 7 win but the later the game goes can u imagine if Wideman came back to haunt the fans that hated him!!
That's it! Thanks! :) - Jess
I told them I could sell my iPod...but they said no :c
And I am !
We missed your smiling face!
I'm wrong, I'm dead wrong
Been waiting for entourage all day...
Has produced and is launching new single in 2012 in UK - word is that it will be a huge hit :)
Awesome! So where are we going?
5-830 tonight mention this tweet and get HALF off your drink;)
wait, they have such a thing??? *googles*
Grossly underestimated (50%) how long it takes to bike to Ballard. Missed Yoga class but ended up riding for 2 non stop hours, yehaa
Thank you! Hope you keep enjoying :)
We sell Rare Harley Davidson Patches on our web sight.... Some are Very Collectible !!!! Check E'm Out www.barefootdrumsofhouston.com
Get ready
good morn'n
Jeremiah 49:11 "Leave your orphans; I will protect their lives."
Don't text me saying "yer" or "ur" or any variation of mistakes in simple spelling and expect me to acknowledge you.
Does anyone know how to tie a safety rooooooo... -trapese artist's last words
I have SO much work to get done and I'm already checked out. Boner. =[
You didn't give me my P.E shorts-.-
We can't wait for Eco Movie Night July 28th @ James Madison Park! What's your favorite eco-themed movie?
#princetonreview cheated on tests and attendance cards for no children left behind. Really?? This is how we teach our kids?
$200 per hour following
pop inn cafe do the best breakfast.
hmu one you get it
“: When life gives you melons; You'll end up working at hooters. SMH”
Praying today gives Susan Cox Powell's family the answers they desperately need #findsusan Godspeed to the WVCPD.
time will tell. This has turned into a bit of a sh*t show one must admit.
Using markers of Bloom's Taxonomy levels in student work as suggestive of movement (subject to instructor interpretation). V cool.
There aren't many things that I can't handle....but this...I can't!
Lou Gramm must be rolling over in his grave.
Never discourage anyone... who continually makes progress, no matter how slow. Plato
Upgraded to first class for free, good start to this vacation.
Shocked that Davy Jones has died. Monkees were great! He was 66.
I cant decide if I should cute my hair like a buzz cut or keep the fohawk? These are big decisions people
right back atcha
and its Swedish!<U+263A>
My badass pleather gloves came today.
Safe travels, Kait. :)
Everything comes in time. Don't get frustrated and quit. Quitters don't win anything. Nothing comes easy, just keep going.
You think you're famous and powerful, but here one truth... YOU'RE NOT!
Rumors are everywhere. Will Virginia seced? I pray for the country.
Follow for more insight from
G.O.O.D music .
alright! :)))) I can't wait to start!
anxiously awaiting the verdict in the #lululemon trial.
Did you know pinterest is the fastest growing form of social media? How do they store all that data?
your videos always help me, thanks(:
Sprout Application submitted!
belle's stayin' another night :D text me :)
*pointed glare* Why are you still up? GO TO BED.
Inventory note: enough hot chocolate for the rest of the summer… enough gum for the rest of my life -_-
Any one else missing #lungdart ?
you're two hours away from home! I miss you and I HAVE to see you :)
Better enjoy it, once I'm gone the run is over... #BielemaBlows “: Congrats to on the hire..now let's win us a Rose Bowl"
yo I gotta new line. Hit me if you wanna hit the lab while you out here.
Got the cheese w/ hot sauce and onion! U? RT : that's so weird, I just left there
I was the one who held him all night .
LOL! Good 1 RT : Frank Vogel isn't too worried about his 15k fine.... Apparently Roy Hibbert has a coupon he can use.
Crystal light makes Appletini, a pomegrante one,also sunrise that is like O J..zero everything!! Try it! You'll love it : )
feel better! I didn't go last week because I was sick!
About time Penn State. I'm surprised they're even going to finish out the season.
i do!!! thats such a good idea!
celebrates the birthdays of Amy Beach (1867) and John Cage (1912).
and we just got back from the San Diego Christian Business Expo too. The enemy is trying to shut us down. ain't gonna happen!
Be all that you can be today and be grateful for what you have
Body Aching And Shit !
-> RT : Obligatory snow status
has been raptured. Jesus looks and sounds like Amy Ray.
my thoughts exactly when I saw that this morning!
From all of us here at the Space Room Lounge, we wish you a huge happy Easter!
geez, who doesn't like ice cream
Washington should have won that game. Bye bye bracket.
Thanks for the follow Marty. Stay caffeinated
If It's Something Involving Someone Else "My Name Is Paul It's Between Y'all"
It is "natural".
I just remember I had a HUGE test that's worth like 50 million percent of my grade, tomorrow. And I thought I was next week!
Panthers put up 9 runs in the 4th. Without looking, i'm pretty sure that's the most runs they've scored in an inning this season.
Sorry for over tweeting. I hope you like the pictures :-)
“ "opponents of #MadisonPrep will clearly consider last night a victory." I'm an opponent&don't think it a victory. No one won.”
agreed. It can be brutal! It's same as when nice people are a-holes behind the wheel...no one can "see"
Nice...keep up the good work!
The Thunder will crush the Bull without Derrick Rose...prediction 97-82
thank you so much :)
that's my shxt!
“: tweet tweet welcome to twitta” hahaah hush, I had it for a while... Just forgot my username
cant wait for #BOYFRIEND video, and #BELIEVE 57 #DAYS ((((: so excited<3
Such a beautiful morning.. Looks like the rain is coming now (again)
I can't be sure, but I think I heard a girl at the bus stop pronounce 'ottoman' as 'alderman.'
why not?
Thanks, Jeff!
Just yesterday around this time, we were still in dallas waiting for our flight -_- haha
#AAM2011 Online fever session: biggest challenge for GWU students is adjusting to online ed tools (mid-career ppl).
Very afraid
This calculator is old. Recurly bundles a payment gateway but not merch bank account. not apples/apples.
Paraphrasing RobWolcott at #sccol "In the process of celebrating success highlight the failures that were experienced and navigated"
Just saw 's lovely girlfriend in the season finale of #HouseofLies... turn up!
Pioneering American photographer William Klein to get Sony achievement honours: The pioneering US photographer w..
What do you think of the policy? Too strict?
I'm pretty sure I just stalked 's new house on my run.
That's INSANE. Exactly right.. If they don't take cards they should have an ATM. P.S. WHO DON'T TAKE CARDS??
ha right!
I agree. It was the best documentary I've seen. RT This bob marley doc is da best one yet. Coxxone was a G haha crazy!!
What's the range of a tuba? About twenty yards, if you have a good arm.
I could tell he did.
TEXT "REFUGE3" to 24587 for DISCOUNTED entry
Is waiting....
RT #Quote Do not fear death, fear the unlived life. -Natalie Babbitt
"Schmaltz, or chicken fat, has a great flavor and richness; it has a deeper flavor than duck fat and can be used on nearly everything."
it was a typo!
Deadly Sins of Public Speaking #7: “Pride - Pride is committed by a speaker who believes that public speaking is about them.”
No time to sleep
How many versions of Cinderella can be written?
Glad to hear that. Those challenges & obstacles aren't meant to stop you. You're strong. You'll get there. :-)
- Bitter sweet, to me, Stephanie. FB said it'll let IG cont. to grow independently, & one can only hope. Glad for the IG team tho.
Just saw a Mad Men teaser that starts with "Red is Back" and shows Joan. Oh Yeah! Can't wait for March 25.
did you go to the previous ones?
Just remember.. I'm one of a kind & you'll never find another like me.
Why don't curators also train as educators? - Luis Camnitzer (the audience claps)
record for longest period w/out sleep: 18days, 21hrs, 40mins sideeffects: hallucinations, slurred speech & lapses sleep good
wow really!? Last time I make you dinner. Jerk.
I must be old school too cause I can't hear the stream
Sounds kind of personal don't you think?
(cinematographer) used a Cannon T2i DSLR in the making of
for me, talking to is like talking to a brick wall :( why don't you see my tweets Austin? :(
doing nothing, u?
To make it a truly "common intellectual experience" all first semester #bighistory FYS courses share same readings, syllabus
Cant wait for you to see it! RT : Can't wait to see it bro!
RFT!! “: I just love my high school so much. #ShitNobodyInMiamiSays”
Putting the finishing touches on my best man speech.
Blue Fusion heading to Mohegan Sun Dec 1-3 with
My Job Has 2-Ply??? Thank You Lord...
Then we find out the man had NO political affiliations and lets flash ahead to how Gov walker has been treated
I wish I were musically talented.
Outside of Braun, who else will be an impact playwright this year?
"Things start out as hopes and end up as habits."
Disagreeing with gay marriage does not mean you have to do something about it. They can do what they want.
which one? I like the Magic Hat price!
I have a craving for Henry James. I've read Portrait of a Lady, which of his should I read next?
And you only go to help the ill about 1 or 2 times a week. #andiammental?Figure it out?And that comedian oh yeah he never writes
Anyone know what movie is being filmed on Ashland and Division in #Chicago?
Off to the green mill
If people like you they'll listen to you, but if they trust you they'll do business with you. -Zig Ziglar
Faithfully hitting niggas with the 90 day rule. Not giving a fuck B..
Boston for the bruins game
Holy freaking crap I'm so tired ;____; working is HARD!
Two faced bitches <<
When I put God first, He helps me with all my other priorities. ~ Al Hartley
Hehe... I'm just learning from the best >>> ! Love workin' witcha'll, such good energy!
Goals are not only absolutely necesary to motivate us. They are essential to really keep us alive. -Robert H. Schuller
Not my day
Supporting managers should be 2nd nature. Question employees who try to g around them.
i'm in a camera whore mood ;P
Just getting to work
- If you leave, my Interesting Anchorage list and my funny librarian lists on will be empty.
I just want to be where you're at with life but instead its like I'm losing and you're winning
On my way to vegas.
Well, technically it's not. But I don't want to look like a guttersnipe either!
Yeah Im Filipino =) and You?
Absolutely, no pressure no play, get split & u sit. CLOSE!!! (closeout) & rotate! Tag! (boxout)
AND TRIED TO GET HIM ARRESTED. FOR THROWING HALF A PEANUT BUTTER SANDWICH.
this weekend was so perfectly relaxing and a blast all in one. just what i needed
oh my gammit......next week is the week of the academic decathlon competition!!!! epppp! im literature...must...study.... >.>
Do a little research on the subject. Even black leaders & economists admit it. There's an epidemic of crime in black community.
Listening to talk about #Medtronic iPad app that uses
yeah..that's why they are very reluctant to go all police state these days
Likewise. I had to scramble at the end to get to MKE. Fun seeing you last night at dinner. We'll talk soon, I'm sure.
“ Hell yeah I gotta get a shirt ”
Just spent 3 hours packing all my worldly belongings. Now I have no energy to study. Great.
aw, and here I thought we were on a first name basis.
HAPPY FRIDAY! Let’s finish the week strong!
We would love to deliver you
Love hanging out with my mom. She listens to everything i have to say and is always on my side.
C'mon Florida, beat Louisville!
wow, #blackbaud buys #convio to form a monster non-profit team. Interested to see the implications of costs, clients, services, capabilities
havent been on here for a few days :/
Why Dave Mustaine? Why?!?!?!?!
by the time i download the app it's gonna crash too
Aye...you already know whut he on then!
we do it the old-fashioned way in our Meals Program: paper, pencil and excel.
I'm the biggest iPad hater in the world
Don't laugh at me.lol JazzyBaee92
Irrespective of the direction of the wind, the smoke from the cigarette will always tend to go to the non-smoker
Nicolette is one of us. We've already had this discussion. First Minny Gang and now this abdc shit. She makes me proud :>
are you coming to boston anytime soon ?
I am waiting for Revenge! lol
yep! I kno anyone that was there last yr or the yr before
I did that last week ~
WACsmash! The arts collide in a night celebrating dance, film, spoken word and other artistic work created by UCLA students...
the perfect cup of coffee! The dc gov one is good too but I get the sense you want to focus on something more positive
when I watched it I was the only one who noticed cuz my friends are losers
One of my new fav pranks
": Rafiki: “It doesn't matter. It's in the past.” | Simba: “Yeah, but it still hurts.” –The Lion King"
I don't mean to brag, but my wife was the hottest mom on the Swiss Avenue home tour today.
: looking forward to your tweets! Great day.
Hope you try out our service! Let us know if we can answer any questions for you.
absolutely. You guys are rockin' it. Let's connect again one of these old days!
Um, all three today. Sad but true.
Bought 5000 shares of ACUR at 3.89 today, just to prove your brother doesn't have a clue.
what will it take to get amazing to follow me and notice you mean the world to me so it would be a wish come true of u did <33
Moss captures the 170lbs Bad Boy belt by defeating Ross at 1:25 of the 2nd round by TKO. (referee stoppage due to strikes)
yes time for another one and let us know ahead of time misssyy :p
No. Not yet. But I'm trying to get my mom too get me tickets for the one in Georgia.
Happy Birthday! You still look like your 20 though :)
just send us a direct message with an address an how many tickets you would like and we will get them out to you.
I miss you too girl!
RT : ".. declare war on yr customer's top 10 #problems & you'll have #content forever"
it's definitely possible-our intent is to extend the reach of SA wine writings and opinions through educators like you. Thx!
The Bacon informed me that I'd better "watch my associations." Yeah. You heard that right. WATCH MY ASSOCIATIONS.
I'm soo annoyed
RT : At the Meijer in Carmel for interview w/ to discuss IndyExpressBus and gas is $4.17 this AM. Ride
#Pittsburgh Summer Jam is back.for 2012! MAJOR ARTISTS at Console Energy 6/21/12! Get ready!
Half the day over already big moving weekend ahead
Watching an episode of law and order svu where the judge refused to sign a warrant because there was no probable cause.
loolz! Mad ting (:
I wonder if I could be famous for doing absolutely nothing? Hmm.. I'll try. Wanna help?(; <3
Everything is a disease to lil wayne...
Thankful today for all the love that has been added to my life in response to the love that has consumed my life.
Ridin round my city & I got that Calculater
Got a lot of things on my mind
#evilplan By putting treats in Rusty pup's food, I am conditioning him to love me more than the Hubs. Bwa. Ha. Ha.
Four years later, I think I have finally mastered the art of eating at an AYCE Indian buffet: Just eat one plate man!
What's good bro you going to be able to come to the Video shoot this weekend for REL's Benzes & Porches
Happy hour til 7pm. Live music with the Zimis 9pm. Good food, drinks and company
Thanks, Butcher
Failure is temporary change in direction to set you straight for your next success Only those who dare to fail greatly ever achieve greatly
how's minecraft!
Just witnessed a guy hitting his dog, and the dog jumping back all scared. all because it barked. What can you do? It is a dog.
I remember songs like St. Elmo"s Fire used to inspire me...
Heading to Samuel Horne's Tavern in Folsom this Thursday! 7pm, like always :)
as long as the world keeps turning, something will come around
I just wanna party
so everyone in my house is getting sick, vomiting sick
Where's Sean Tracy when you need him...
thank goodness, you can't be good at EVERYTHING~ can you? :)
i don't feel like doing anything today. Fine, give myself a day off. TEDXUSC is on tmr!! Final will be on Mon!!!
thanks I'm a proud momma. :)
Taco Bell can be tasty, but it still can't be classified as 'food'.
it's true-she announced it last night. wait-must run to the bathroom to throw up again. :)
Who's that in your profile pic?
Cause without you things get hazy
|#quotes The trouble, in my opinion, with corporate America today, is that everything is thought of in quarters.
DJ'd for three nights in a row! I love MusiC! Please consider hiring me for your next event!! www.mattriley.net =)
Educational group plans pancake breakfast
That text message just made my whole day! <U+0001F633><U+0001F60F>
Have a great day everyone! Heading 2 NYC 4 VO work, then home 4 rehearsal, then work.
Police moving to higher ground
RT : ABQ all I can say is WOW! What an amazing night! Can't wait to come back!!
stretching our legs It's like pushing a baby...I mean bird...out of it's nest.
I really really hate being bored...so im just gonna draw.:p
yeah, lost a ton of respect for the dude
Maybe it will have a bowling alley, branch library, and a gun range. Good for 350+ days-night per year.
snow, hail, rain, and 75 degree sunshine today. Its only 2:15 pm. Might as well just call it a day and go home
lololol g-g-get it girl
iPad ap CloudBrowse is a clunky but usable browser to see Flash websites, it's free too. I just tried it out and it does work
Dick Vitale just called Todd Graham "gutless" during the Pitt/Louisville B'ball game
Spring Green, WI: Friday, November 11th @ Arthur's Supper Club! 8pm. FREE show!
You are quite wise, my friend.
don't hate lol
Saw one of my old mentors, Gordon, from my days at Universal Music Group today at OHOP. That made this entire trip worth it.
Going to be a great crowd at Madrigall tonight! Salsa music and dancing by DJ Howard! 1627 Oak, KCMO a few blocks south of Power & Light
jajajajaja...lo hare...
Takeaways: Get youth involved, make access to trusted info available everywhere online, don't push-involve & inspire
Rolling up and reading my Saturday Paper
Back in the house Bout to catch these drunk Z's
i think so? I didn't talk to him! Who do you think i am, some social butterfly?
Silversun Pickups - Gun-Shy Sunshine <U+266A><U+266A>
am jealous! Great restaurant. We need one on this side of the water! Enjoy :o)
Just got the new cappuccino coolata from dd. I think they made it wrong, is it supposed to taste like asphalt tar?
i so agree with that
that's what my sister says too. I'm not a huge honey fan but I'm willing to try anything. Thanks!
Self #love is the higher self telling the human self, look beyond that.
u got me
Good morning #trancefamily! It's going to be a long #TranceThursday!
i'll looking them up to like them. and I retweeted so my followers see it too
I'm sleepy and my phone's on yellow :-(
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do."
nah, gearing up for tomorrow. Giving my liver (& Zee) a break.
AND another #FF to some of our great supporters
how so?
Hey Gaslamp Killer and Daedalus...Is there a DC show Sunday Nov. 7? Where?
How about the Bowl!?
Chilling inside universal studio. Private event.
Intellectual property will define the shift age-
Always use relaxed, gentle, softly spoken S sounds for harmony with a comfortable, unstrained envelope of function.
Feels like a long time
you are a rock star! Hope to run into you again soon! (stefan)
Honestly I never heard of her before and her MySpace player seems to b disabled- u have a link to any audio?
tomato and mangoe salad.... vegan fried chicken, cuban style beans, and jasmine rice...!800 tequila...yes, there you go
Also, "ancient aliens" is one of the lamest, dumbest sci-fi (fuck it; it's pure fantasy) premises.
dude, congrats on ur deal, so pumped u are going to be a Raven for at least 5 more yrs
follow me please sexy!
Thanks! It keeps getting better with the more people I meet :-)
I appreciate all the support for Jeremy Renner's arms. It's a movement, though one I am late to.
the obvious choice would be to go home with me for two months!
Austin and his puka necklace.<U+2665>
Yes, we are very proud. Thanks, Mona.
no tips other than follow with shower like Dustin Brown and many other NHL'ers
Headed to ebspca to donate blankets and towels, must put up blinders so I don't come home with a new furry friend.
is there a single person in North America who won't be watching Game 7?
I never been on a plane before
Structural separation of trucking from freeways works pretty well. Same might work in broadband.
Curry sold out two years ago - he's (sorta) off the hook - it's the people running the place now...a little warning woulda helped
So sweet, so deep, so real, ooowee, that's some powerful stuff, ohh!....
let me know if there is a recipe I should try
We agree! “: Figured it out: No #2011USWomensOpen & no rain for 3 mo's. here & rains buckets. We need more golf!”
Gov't Data & The Invisible Hand by Harlan Yu
Be extra sure to tell the Red & Black that you're there tonight to see your favorite band, The Orchid!
Break a leg tonight! I'm excited to see y'all :)
21 jump street is fuckin hilarious
Make sure you visit offbeat.com and vote for your Brass-A-Holics for Best Emerging Artist in the Best of the Beat Awards!
What you doing sexy
STOP. NO HE'S NOT.
Remember that lovers need to be friends and partners too.
I just passed that, hopefully I'll get it soon. Thanks!
thanks for the follow...looking forward to learning more about BiaoSkincare!
yeah yeah yeah
Have you signed up for my newsletter yet? If not, sign up today! It goes out tomorrow. Go to htt://www.dmgartstudio.com to sign up!
Oklahoma City full strength. couldn't do anything on the 4 min PP. (0/2 tonight)
SPRING BREAK 2012
i have to go to the hood :O
Hope your all enjoying shopping!!! #Black Friday
Over 100 session proposals received for #IA2012! Thanks to all who submitted; planning's just getting started for InterActivity in Portland!
now they're going to be named after Hamilton.
Lets make a clothing line.... And modeling company...
i know he should take time off to take care of his private business
Light Weights Are Just as Good for Building Muscle, Getting Stronger
"A risk with an assured outcome is not a risk. That is simply you playing small in your life." ~ Katherine Woodward Thomas
Happy birthday! :) & thanks for the follow back (:
My head says #TeamHaley but my heart says
Guess ill just finish listening to my music and go to sleep.
We all have heart just few choose to use it.
lady gaga=awesome,beyonce=amazing,pink=spectacular
Sick, really sick! :(
whats on the agenda:New Strategies in Alternative Investments
#IDBmtg Post earthquake expenditures will lift Japanese economy this year, Takatoshi Ito, University of Tokyo. IDB seminar
The fates have seen fit to give me the day off. I think I'll go for a bike ride, take some photographs, & have a drink, or 4.
": what's your favorite song at the moment?"--Joan Osborne's "I Don't Need No Doctor"
Yea, Wiz boney than a mf.... Damn ain't nobody stepped up to feed that nigga some home cooked meals?
Congratulations to the UK men's tennis team for defeating Ole Miss today and advancing to the SEC Tournament finals. Bring home the trophy!
This bird is so irritating. As soon as I close my eyes it wanna Fcking chirp!
i don't think so =(
“: Not Hating Or Anything But Why Is Selena Dressing Like That Now.?:o” like what?
happy friday to :] love you baby girl. #ff xx
Can I borrow a quarter? I just want to call my mom and tell her I just met the girl of my dream.
you're welcome! enjoy cc RT : Sweet potato #popchips are amazeballs!! Thanks for the vday treats
What makes you think you can get this girl& all of a sudden get naughty. u should have to touch her heart& mind 1st before u touch her body.
Hi: Where are you in Brooklyn?
linds wall just gave me pink eye.
this just made me SMILE thx!
Love watching #NoReservations on travel channel.
if I go, I'll try.
On another note having 3 Sweetheart Fireman watch me run around in a wet Tshirt at 1AM must have been a site-They were SO Nice ;-)
don't hate me but I gotta work all labor day weekend
Happy birthday youre so effing perfect <3 you should make cupcakes for the team (:
Finally took a break from my all day Lifetime movie marathon to stuff my face with pizza and ice cream.
RT : P.S. Cupcakes are OK at Chernobyl. #FYI <--Good to know.
RT : prepping in hair and make up for the show tonight Shoutout to 4 displaying his art tonight
I love you Zendaya! <3 You're my inspiration. :))
I hope you start posting more workouts. I love how u use ur own version of Insnity in them. Keep doing your thing!
you at LAX?
Surprise, surprise. Now I just have to keep my mouth shut while he's here.
Unfollow this page and follow my new one
You are at our namesake! Visit
We don’t leave anything to chance, we closely monitor the caregivers & communicate frequently with the client & their family
Join Texas Music Coalition 6:30 tonite @ Sam Ash Music in S.A. for "DJ Techniques and New Products." Part of Texas Music Month events.
"Its so good once it hits your lips!" - Frank The Tank Ferrell, Old School
you know it! Haha :)
Enjoying Christmas cookies and pizza between mixes.
Fueling up on heartaches and cheap wine
Oh NO for O.J. Does anyone even care about OJ anymore?
": just copped "Crown of Thorns" finally....sorry was sleepin" Dope ass album there!
I agree. Yelling at my TV like crazy....LOL
RT : Lovely little dinner date :) x
Best twitterer out there, keep it up!
new terms for read very much like the stuff you have to sign when selling on amazon. Storage fee if your CD does not sell? so uncool
well, I NEED MONEY.
Excellent! This is an amazing resource.
The best kept secrets are The ones U dont have
If you demand to see Barack Obama's kindergarten grades, but think Mitt Romney's past if irrelevant, you're probably a Republican.
aww, haha. I just saw this. maybe next time! It was a blast. Glad to be home though working on stuff!
#TheWorstFeeling fucking a bitches mother while shes in the next room sleep...wait!? NO ITS NOT ^_^
Thanks so much for following! We look forward to bringing you updated info on our cause so you can come to our event! <3
Stopped to buy a case of Pepsi, and the cashier asked for an ID. Sounds like it is a "global Target" issue.
I was just asking myself questions of a similar nature. I miss him
My RING was im his dick SMFH!!!!!!
The strawberry patch we planted for Sofia (a legendary berry-stealer) is coming in. So sad she won't enjoy it, but a lovely reminder of her.
- scraper fail. This shocking headline links to story. Visa Exposed As Massive Credit Card Scam sns.mx/WbfYy6
Finished #reading Red Thread by Ann Hood - an interesting look at families going through the adoption process
Oh! Gorgeous. Your description's as poetic as the picture. Lovely.
where we're those pics taken at?
she give me the crazy head, a nigga swerve, then hit a pot hole
its has to be Jerry Rice Art Monk and Chris Carter cmon
Thanks for the
thanks sweets!
Sarah why don't GOP try to help Congress, Obama Blaming them when He had the Veto Pin if he didn't like the Bill.
That is interesting because job security now is basically nonexistent compared to 30 years ago
Wow that's gay.
all the way in paintlick?!
interested in selling one of them?
Come see with tonight at The End in Nashville!!!
And now I have to go to the one on Highway 100 because I don't want to be anywhere near Miller Park bo
Summer reading season is fast approaching! What books do YOU recommend?
ur going to be in good company at #aade11 early reg numbers r huge better get set for lots of #Diabetes Educators
The Cookin' Tunes recital was cancelled-- power outage on the West Side, last week! The recital is set for MAY 16th 7pm @ Grandma's!
Am too fly to be depressed.
AH /Gus
Awww it won't let me give you anymore :( But I still have Klout to give!
i got ppl down there
I'm curious, how many mayor campaigns agree that anon or attack dog feeds have ruined #sfmayor feed and hurt SF? It's a shame.
so good to hear all the good news. yay for no puking! :D just got back from a short 'no media' vaca. feelin' good :)
Ivan Johnson.
I'm pretty bored.
Thanks I will. Reading Steve Jobs book right now but always looking for books for reading list
guess what! You are more awesome :)
Shirt design looks great! (Loyal CP reader here; read and own all your books- most in hardcover!)
Omg I'm like shaking & crying D:! That was so weird I was like crossing at the traffic lights which were red but this van was like zooming
ah nice;) say hi for me!
Thank you, Teresa!
It's necessary 4 the bus driver 2 yell at us 4 not moving fast enough & stare me down 4 letting a woman ahead of me?
Missy: I Never Get Mad At Anyone But My Boyfriend. Jasmine: Youu Get Mad All The Tiimmee. Me: Youu Kickedd Me Outt Of Your House!! -___-
Great opportunity for Oregon RT Here it is Northwestern, Washington losing opens another door into the Dance.
wish I was there
WTF - shit just got REAL outside right now. Sounds like a freakin' hurricane. I'm pretty sure my bedroom window almost broke.
she's wonderful! Thank u for asking dangerous!
Oh, to envy the life of a pampered house cat.
You mean he isn't already? :)
just rocked Jay leno
Take a look around
Great win for the good guys. GO MAVS.
Hell yeah, dirty baby, ghetto girl you drive me crazy..
Movie Man: Fast-taking reporters and slow-witted cops
new York
Grt seeing everyone! RT : Thrilled to share #NBCCSummit w/
"Don't find fault, find a remedy." - Henry Ford
Goodnight and love you both! <3
you should open one downtown called "The Hoppah"
I miss being 13 :/ May 27th:)
Taxes are looking expensive. Has anyone ever tried Turbo Tax small business?
please follow me! :)
Great! Let me know what you think. By the way, it was good to see you! You need to stop by my studio more and chat.
RT : Sitting down with "regular folks" at a picnic table, said the cookies looked like they came from 7-11. Wow!
I need to get my butt up and out there!
Last day of college, and what song do I wake up to? None other than "Another Brick in the Wall pt. II." How appropriate!
Working the #NFLDraft for ESPN Radio. Let's get it on.
Time to go for a run
The mask that Kobe wore this season after Dwayne Wade broke his nose just sold for $67,100 in a charity auction.
Cool note from wishing all filmmakers good luck in the forthcoming festival notifications...guess 2012 is upon us :)
opening at 10 today but closing at 5. Hurry! Your babies need their Thanksgiving treats too! Happy Gobble Day!
Why do you get into shit that doesn't invole you and say shit like that when you the the same shit
Mo C goes #6 to America's team. Wonderlic deez nuts! Good luck in Big D & if u don't have haters you're doing something wrong
Developers! Your font size should *increase* on mobile in a responsive layout, not decrease. You should be looking at around 19-21px.
well get those over with so you can come see me play! (but make sure to study and do well first) haha
my picks went out in the 'Derby Special' Tell me what you think ?
Wait are you talking about Josh Beckett or Bobby Valentine? Both fit the description!!!
Take her a tissue, pat her back, & walk away. That's what I'd want.
$1 oysters today at Elate, 111 W. Huron! Great date spot, try some local, organic fair and creative drinks!!
So, the woman who was crying to Romney today was voting Republican because she didn't have a job or health care? WTF?
There are 49 state police agencies. Hawaii doesn't have one, but has sheriffs.
I'd offer to help out, but I'm sure I wouldn't be a very good locations PA. Besides, there is the whole already have a job part.
u r so critical!But I've got ur point!good job
Yes, they do. LOL
Fun lil time at eagle creek
I like how is moderating this panel with #realPeople at
We party all around the world.
nice sound are you playing in Cork in June near when Coronas are playing :))
I thought I heard you right after I read the tweet! But, like said, being on the corner, I tune a lot out…
“Accomplish something every day of your life.” - Walter Annenberg
I'm so sorry about the suckiness of Come 2 for a real show! ; )
My Way on the Highway - Wall Street Journal
Tonite EMBERS, a jazz opera, based on the novel in poems of the same name by writer/poet/teacher Terry Wolverton.
Found my "Spin the bottle" trophy from 2010..I got MVP
Yep follow me!
For sure! RT -->Send us ur music, so we can put it on Radio!
what up
Can't believe we are 3 weeks away from #SXSW! It's gonna be an awesome time! If you attend the Trade Show, stop by and check out our
Yeah what you on?
#WaysToBeginSex Argue first!
That's the beauty of having the #codcon12 planning committee finalize the program 24 months in advance!
Hey , we met at #SMWNYC during your panel, chatted afterward about community development finance, can we chat via e-mail? DM me?
Tonights connection group was really challenging! Love the conversation my sermons spark and how challenging my friends are! #lovemygroup!
Let's go #91! Finish it.
so bangin!!!! Next some killer bassline assemblage!
"Acting is one of the great humanizing professions." #HHAwards honoree Kevin Spacey
of all names...
Agreed. And thank you for the service and sausage. Happy Memorial Day. RT : Thank you for your service and sacrifice.
That's real talk, my man. Life is bigger than we sometimes get wrapped up in every day...
So there is a precedent for this behavior by ringside physicians?
A needa nap...
Like, Im doing really great on Southern Charms, even though I've never updated! I guess I will this week though
So much to do...where to start? How about procrastination?
Dear #InPlainSight, it's been great. Sorry to see it ending. Only two left makes me sad.
Watching Q&A w on 's Google+ pg. Seen w others (incl ). Thoughts on integrating into campaigns? Enough reach?
it may be impossible for me too
If my tweet falls on twitter and nobody hears it, does it make a sound?
It's just me, my thoughts, and some music...chillen
I'm translating to others our #wmata driver's announcements. Slight delay=long delay. A few trains ahead of us=lots of trains.
Not being able to be with my brothers and sisters in the is the worst. Good news though, I still believe.
I be over shit
43 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
AESAOne welcomes All Ethiopians to our Annual Soccer Tournament in WASHINGTON,DC--> July 1st -July 7th,2012! Stay tuned! #FB!
i so wnna be sleep now....but this money wnt make itself...#risengrind Happy hump day!!
Digital information is moving at a rapid rate- due to demand and pressure. "Get online mom!!"
A quant guy from Koch describes his dating and engagement in math terms? Possibly the highlight of my week. Other than Bberg typing "lol".
doing nothing, u?
so is it a publishing medium then? people are posting what they're thinking about? or what they want? or just "liking" things?
Hey Steelers fan at least y'all got a "TERRIBLE" towel to wipe y'all tears.
Sounds as if she is the ultimate hat wearing chuch lady! I like how you see things!
I just discovered it today and figured others might enjoy it too. Happy I was right :)
hahaha hell yeah
Lake Show at my right hand man's hizzzouse... in an Artest throwback jersey
me too! Yes Pete's around. Book turned into many articles and pr for my hand care line how are you?
Byebye L.A. D;
Out in Somerset, haven't been out here in a long time.feels good to be back.....but I miss my boyfriend so much # u never leave my mind <3
when was the last time uw gave up 70 on national tv...
Good Morning twitterverse!
Wishing you all a fabulous holiday weekend. XOXOXOXOXO
Hey. :3 How are you?
why is Hanging With Friends so addicting ??
Jays hand Rangers 2nd loss in row
Im great! You need a nashville trip soon! RT : hey! how you doing?
What's your favorite holiday movie?
I love nerds (both kinds)
hey Justin I'm one your biggest fans , and I would love to meet. Please. My birthday is coming April 16 I'm going to 16 .
For the No. 12 pick #Philadelphia selects OT Fletcher Cox from
Let's get some Instagram action going! ;D
Sorry to hear of your loss today!
how am I going to get thru work on Monday's without knowing #makeitorbreakit will be on tonight!!!!
I CAN'T WAIT TO HERE IT AGAIN AT 9:45 I AM CALLING THE RADIO STATION RIGHT NOW TOO(:
Going to Las Cruces tomorrow for a competition so good night to no one in particular!!://
Enjoy your youth. Don't waste it on looking for something you don't need.
love it!“: Country singer Vince Gill, season seat holder for Preds, shown on jumbotron with t-shirt "Bertuzzi is a Sissy". #hnic”
Its not easy to step outside of your comfort zone. But, until you do you will never know what you are capable of & the difference you make.
I have been telling people that #agender (no gender) is not the same as #genderqueer (mixing of gender)
Emailed about 7 or so apartment complexes this week to schedule tours and so far only one had contacted me.
#BrianGreene brings us the question of the multiuniverse and rocks the opening of
When you dream, dream big.
Locker room chats with mrs Blankenship > >>> #missher :(
The Silk Tie likes Guiseppe! We have a passion for ties and looking slick, thesilktie.com
Just got done Cleanin the house,Watchin cartoons wit the kids...Bout 2 start makin breakfast....
Should have said hello at the Dirty River Boys show. By that time, I had found a seat and got comfy. Good bunch of music!
Back up north back to work next week!
To the driver that nearly ran me down in the xwalk w/ walk sign: "bless your heart." Driving is hard work.
you guys are winning but aren't being overpaid as much as others have been. It could be a lot worse.
...of general switch. Obviously theaters are sometimes <U+30B7><U+30CD><U+30DE><U+30BA> (though mostly <U+30B7><U+30A2><U+30BF><U+30FC> if it's in katakana). Film journals still <U+30AD><U+30CD><U+30DE>
anytime boo
Nice half Bucks, I'll take that.
Hey <3 i love you
apparently now Facebook notifies you every time someone accepts or declined your invitation to an event. and I just invited 253 people.
Today is the day! See you all at the Rail Club in Ft. Worth!
We have heard worker intimidation from for supporting the living wage campaign. Employers do whatever to prevent unions.
Watched 50/50 tonight and really enjoyed it. Having the Liars on the soundtrack was just an added bonus. (totally made me cry.)
you need to work here!
Tired. Sore. Sick of foot, can I take it off until it's healed and then snap it back on, like Mr. Potato Head?
Want to work on my web. Comcast Internet down. 3rd time this week
i LOVED it.!!<3 You've come soo far Austin, all your Mahomies are so proud of you.!!:)
is that a jellybean jar or a diabetes hourglass?
you act like you are doing so much for the troops when you are just giving them nothing but undercard fights
I always wonder how Arcade Fire and Beirut pull it off. It must take them forevs to get together.
i totally will thank you ill do it later today!
Thanks for the reminder!
Check out our website Link: www.elenacollectionusa.com
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 294
Quit tweeting and clean the house, pledge. RT : The only fraternity name I can ever remember how to pronounce is Douch Baga Baga.
The doctor said I need a backiotomy
Thanks for the #FF!
Calling all bloggers, tired of paying your host to have a BDSM related blog? Stay tuned, we will be announcing a blogger network soon.
I love those little moments when the magic of theater reminds me why I love what I do! It makes everything so worth it!
Has anyone ever visited DOK in Delft, Hol­land? What was it like?
It is so appropriate that the stadium is playing 867-5309 while Napoli comes up to bat against CJ Wilson.
I want to thank everyone for supporting us tonight. I am working on a frequent buyer card for our loyal customers.
happy to be here for you!
i love u
Awesome Bud Shoot-out tonight
Well off to bed I go.. Good Night Yal
7 yr old says why can't zoo have school? Cause there too many cheatahs...Joey big fan!
my brother loves u and is ur biggest fan and would love if u followed him back
sometime before summer we should have a girly day and go get a pedicure and go shopping or something
I log on to instagram to get ideas of what to eat.
that would be perfect to help me sleep, but no I dont do that anymore. Go to bed then!
Awww well I mean, I'm just a fan account! Are you talking about the real Justin?
must be going on an adventure... Have fun!
I agree
I would be the offical LBJ bully my only job besides droppin 20-10 would be to push LBJ around.
Today was long long AF
#rochmn Awesome job RSO musicians at your Apache Mall performance today! Electrifying and thrilling. The community loved it!
Lambeau is on my lap right now, purring away. He’s a LaPerm and has curly gold “hair” – which is why I named him after Curly Lambeau!
Haha! I'm learning:)
how did i miss that lucien freud died? now i really need a breakfast taco.
One direction sesh with the girls lmao
sweet dreams
Didn't check my email, walked to class, class canceled.
Anyone out there interested in joining the package exchange? A spot just opened up and I need 1 participant. Any takers? :)
#milwaukee Rock Salt now sold retail for $5.99/ bag! Going fast- winter is on its way!
This is some bs. I knew after seeing the Streetballers dunk contest & D League dunk contest, the NBA one wld disappoint, & it did! Horrible
THank you for your civil reply - I do appreciate it. And I believe we both want the same thing, Freedom.
Kenneth Mader was chosen as our editor and we are very excited!
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral. -A.SaintExupery
How much time is left?
RT : Gettin ready to meet with (Guess who I'm getting ready to meet. ;) )
Next Show: Friday February 3rd at The Grape Room. Mark your calendars NOW!
What are pasties? Those things burlesque dancers put on their nipples?
oh I gotcha. I wanna go there
haha thanks. We'll work on it for you
either way...WE MADE IT! /derrrrrrrp ;)
Samples are gone, but our awesomeness, raffle, and coupons are still available!
Sure. If our mission is to "rescue the evidence" for ex., people don't need to be on-site to help.
Ethier deserved it way more!! smh :(
You follow him around like a little puppy. He does not like you!
yeah, ignore me like you alwways do. i dont care
I fail so epicly I got sunscreen in my eye at 2:30 am
US soccer only gets mentioned as the butt of a joke, or in ref. to Becks resigning b/c "Posh didn't want to move."
I see yet another GOP debate is scheduled for tonight. Good thing, too; I was starting to get the shakes.
Can you save it? the necklace means a lot to me.... I knew i shouldn't have worn it.
#crazierstuffhashappened: is the real?
L.O.X., Drag-On, Eve - Ryde Or Die Chick
RT : I hope, at least, this will get people to rethink what signifies a post-racial society. hint - it's not a black president.
Love me some Madonna!
RT : awesome i won an nice award at < which award
Haha. My friend was late this morning! And I thought she's gonna ditch me! She know's that I'm gonna be mad at her if she did! Lol. ;)
Yup! Radio for a month. One and done? WHO!
yes - traditional mysteries rich in food porn and local atmosphere!
“The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.” -- Albert Einstein... :-)
Mother nature.... GO DIE!! So pissed that I won't get to watch the Daytona 500 in person anymore. Heading home soon :'(
When confronting the New, one must realize rejection will be met until completion; and as such, determination changed the world...
WIll get on this asap
nicely done :)
Thank you for providing the food for our #ThinkBigBmore event.
last night in fredonia was perfect, i couldn't have asked for a better night! back home today
#ktco – The question of the week: What tools, online or offline, are most important to your business?
that's one beautiful baby! Welcome to the world, Brighton!
At the mall an im not having fun WHERE US when u need him he woyld make is so FUN!! U k he CRA CRA
oh you fancy huh? nail done hair done errythin did ;)
Blisters on the back of my heels from breaking my new shoes in. <<<<<
where the heck are you?
Austin doesnt have a celebrity crush, but thinks the girl from mistletoe video is gorgeous. RT if you want to be her!(;
Heineken Semi-Finals: The pinnacle of the sport
Off too School :P
Your love is my drug #Ke$ha
I think Oscar Wilde would disagree!
I couldn't finish The Road. So bleak. I do love Cormac McCarthy. All the Pretty Horses and No Country for Old Men are favs.
At work, just ate an old tuna sandwich, and a half of cookie (other half unknown) Why did I do that?
ya'll gonna make me act a fool up in here up in here..
Ready to make that real money
I'm such a hard person to buy a gift for unless you know me to the bone.i prefer card with money my fam knows this now after years and years
Text JENNINGS to 55678 for a mobile background too.
ice cream it is then :)
RT : #TebowDisciples Does anyone else find it odd that the officials in the Pitt/Den game are named Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John?
Is he actually good, or just 7ft? RT : Boris Bojanovsky, a 7-3 center from Slovakia, has announced he is signing with FSU.
Late night Taco Bell & Walmart sesh. #OnlyInAmerica <U+0001F1FA><U+0001F1F8>
LET'S WORK ! Let's film !
Retweet this to help us get to 300 followers!
#BoringMovies Dances With Wolves
I'd feel unloved if my mom got rid of me @ 5:30am every morning
thanks for ending my day with a good laugh :) I <3 What?Nothing!!
Ooh, how do you like the Cork Factory? I visited folks there a few times and thought it was styling'.
Property tax statement arrived. Once agin home is worth less and taxes are up. Ugh.
I can't believe I'm actually on Twitter....will need to summon my Inner Editor.
Im back missed yall
Spending the day quoting clients for imprinted promotional products Enjoy your Saturday!
Okay, maybe I should re-scope this method. I'm halfway through level 1 (15,000 700x500 pixel images) after 15 minutes and 2 gigs
RT A lot of brides want to get married on 10-10-10 a note to future brides: 11-11-11 will probably fill up quickly too! lol
Watching The Real Housewives of New Jersey with Viggle 5/13 | 10PM | Bravo Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Couldn't do it...unfortunately,the fruit snacks I chose were not satisfying.
Wtf you give him the ball for Ron smh
We like snow in Seattle!
let me RT all them lakers fan reaction from this lost tonight..
If you do not enjoy what you are doing, you will never be good at it.
Browns had 13 picks to start. Not surprised they gave up a bunch of late picks to lock up their guy.
I apologize for all the YouTube upload notifications. I was creating playlists and didn't think it was going to autoshare everything I did
thanks for the update Tom Rinaldi.
whats your major
This dude. #bitter RT Are you also outraged Buzz Williams cut another player to make room for a transfer?
IVCTV.NET is looking for your feedback on the site that showcases Independent Artists music videos. Let us know what you think! Tweet it!
Absolutely,and when you love your people you try to reach out to them even when it's a challenge and not very popular. 1LUV
Long to-do list today...
RT : Shout out to & for the continous love and support
Who got 5 on it #team tyb
If you follow go ahead and unfollow him immediately
If they get swept, you have to re-tool the team.
I seriously can't by myself around you. And that's kinda sad.
